I’ve been raving on about this Becca
There are plenty of matte neutral-toned eye palettes out there at varying price-points and widely differing quality levels, but the Ombre Nudes shadows are densely pigmented and easy to blend – two characteristics that don’t always play nicely together. Quite often, with heavy pigment, I’ll try and add a tiny bit of smokey-dark brown and all of a sudden there will be this immovable blotch on my eyelid that almost needs an electric floor-polisher to buff it out. Not so with the Becca palette –
I suppose that much of my love for the Ombre Nudes palette is down to the fact that the shades work so well for me – all but the very lightest (which barely shows up on my skintone) can be combined to create quick but sophisticated eye looks. Because all of the shades are matte, the “looks” are never OTT – we’re talking the most subtle of contours, the daintiest of cat eyes, the faintest hint of a sultry smoke. I mean of course you can build it up and wheel out something much more dramatic, but the beauty of the matte shadow is that you can make it look like
The coolish tones help with the sculpting, contouring effect too – there’s just a touch of grey to them that makes the shades look believable when you apply to the crease or blend out around the lash-line.
My favourite way to use the palette is to cover the entire lid with the second lightest shade and then use a combination of the next two darkest to create shadow at the crease and outer corners of the eyes, pulling the darker colour out in a sort of triangle towards the end of my eyebrow. The result is usually something like this:
It’s simple but effective and if I want to ramp things up a bit then I use the very darkest shade in the palette as a sort of smokey, smudgy top-coat over a brown, soft liner. The photo below was taken weeks ago but it gives you an idea of how the matte shades also work to create a more dramatic look:
It really is an incredibly versatile palette and conveniently non-bulky – there’s just what you need and no more, no less. Although it has to be said that the Ombres Nudes palette is quite the multi-tasker if you need it to be; the middle three shadows can be used as an emergency brow-filler and the very darkest shadow can be used wet as a vibrant, long-lasting liner. The coolish neutrals work well on eyebrows, where warmer beiges and browns would look wrong, and the deepest shade used wet creates a dark line that’s less harsh than using jet black.
You can find the Becca Ombre Nudes palette at Space NK
Buy the Becca Ombre Nudes palette here*
I get questioned about my gel nails constantly (what shade of polish, where do I get them done, how much do they cost) and so I thought that I would put all of the information into one permanent post. Because my nails
I’m going to adopt the voice of the woman from the Marks and Spencer’s adverts here, if you don’t mind, so please do play along and read this in a similar tone.
“These aren’t just gel nails, these are virtually indestructible, always-perfect, non-discolouring gel nails that form a new layer over your natural nail.”
This isn’t Shellac, or base-coat-colour-coat-top-coat gel, this system uses a builder gel (from Young Nails) that forms an entirely new base – hence why it’s used to correct broken or partially missing nails if they look unsightly. Marathon runners who lose all or part of their toenails, for example. The builder gel gives a huge amount of strength and allows whoever’s applying it (someone well-trained, hopefully!) to contour and correct the nail surface by basically creating a whole new nail above the natural nail.
Admittedly it’s not the lowest maintenance routine in existence; I have to go to the salon every four weeks to have the old layers buffed off with a drill and then new stuff applied – but in between visits, there is absolutely no upkeep and I rock up to my appointments with nails that are as perfect as the day I left the last time. No chips, no splits, no lifting – only the regrowth gives the game away.
But that’s another little twist in the tale; rather than choosing an outlandish colour each time, I go for
The only downside of this gel nails method is 1) you HAVE to make your appointments because the builder gel can’t be soaked off and filing it off yourself would be a crazy endeavour and 2) the nails stay so perfect-looking that it’s tempting to stretch out the time between appointments, and then you get nails that turn you into Edward Scissorhands. It becomes impossible to type, open tin cans or wipe yourself after the toilet without causing serious injury to your lady garden. Blinding yourself whilst itching your eyes becomes a very real scenario. Small children run away in fear lest you accidentally maim them with your diamond-strength talons.
The other great thing about the shade I have (Beige 102) is that you can get away with just one coat, whereas many shades need to be fully opaque. It means that I can keep my nails relatively low-profile and they don’t have to look like big bulbous jelly beans stuck to the end of my fingers – they stay chic and natural-looking. Hurrah.
Now the biggest question is: where you can get these miraculous nails done? I go to Martha at The Suite in Bath (website
So finding a place to do them – and do them properly – isn’t that easy. I tried Googling “synergy gel nails near me” but that brought up quite a few places that turned out to
I pay £33 each time for my nails and although sometimes I begrudge traipsing into Bath when I could be at home eating my secret chocolate stash, wearing a tracksuit, it’s quite good that I’m forced to get out and about. I do some chores, admin, sometimes meet someone for lunch or pick up a bit of shopping and then it’s all worthwhile. And – most importantly, from a beauty perspective, my nails always look impeccable. It has made it an absolute joy to plonk my hands and nails into every video close-up and still-life photo, whereas before I was always working out how to hide my chipped polish.
If you’d like to see Martha from The Suite in action then I filmed my gel nail session and put it into a vlog. Just press play on the screen below, or you can view in Youtube
I’ve been testing out quite a few new luxury lipstick launches and a couple of them are really quite fabulous. Comfortable, creamy, immensely flattering lipsticks that manage to retain a real punch of colour and (at least in the case of the Becca lipsticks I’m about to show you) do a good job of staying put. The first new-ish launch that impressed me no end is the Becca Ultimate Lipstick Love range and the second, the Bobbi Brown Crushed Liquid Lipsticks.
I’m going to review the Bobbi Brown lipsticks separately because they are very different to the Becca ones – they’re liquid, for a start. But I also want the Ultimate Lipstick Loves to have their own dedicated post because there’s something rather clever about them that’s rather unique. (I think.)
The clever thing is that rather than having a mass of lipstick shades covering every possible colour on the colourwheel – pale peach to deepest mauve, pearlised beige to bright blue – the new Becca range concentrates on finding your perfect nude and your ideal red and – to help with this mission – categorises the 30 shades according to skin undertone. There are six cool-toned nudes, six warm-toned, six neutral nudes and then the same drill for the reds – six with a cool tone, six reds with a neutral tone and six with a warm.
So you work out your undertone (Becca advise that you’re a “cool” if you look best wearing white, a “warm” if you look better in cream and a “neutral” if you look equally good in both) and restrict your lipstick choice to the relevant groups. Rather like finding a foundation, where you determine the depth of colour that you need and then look for the right tone – one might look too pink, one too yellow, one will be just right – the cool, neutral and warm labelling makes it easy, or at least eas
Because I had the whole shade range I decided to do a little experiment and see whether or not the whole “picking a shade by tone” actually worked in practice. I first selected shades based on gut instinct and then chose the shades that I
Buy Becca Ultimate Lipstick Love
So the organisation of the shade range is exemplary – whatever your skintone and skin undertone, you should be able to find a lipstick that suits you completely. Of course you can absolutely ignore the undertone system and select whatever you bloody want – it’s just a guide. Go wild.
And it’s not just the shade system that’s brilliant; the texture and finish of the Becca Ultimate Lipstick is, without exaggeration, near-perfect. I can’t think of anything I don’t like about it, which, strictly speaking, should make it fully-perfect and not near-perfect, but there’s always got to be some wriggle room hasn’t there?
Back to the texture and finish; applying this lipstick is an utter joy. It’s creamy but not too slidey, comfortable and moisturising but not so oily that the formula bleeds into fine lines. Soft as can be, a light butteriness, a gorgeous surface sheen but nothing too glossy or high-maintenance…
The greatest thing is that this immense degree of comfort and creaminess doesn’t affect the depth or vibrancy of the colour – the lipstick shades are punchy and vibrant, larger than life. And the colour is relatively long-lasting, too – it’s not at all comparable to some of the new longwear liquid lipsticks that stay on for weeks, but for such a hydrating, cushiony finish it’s more than adequate. You have to reapply after eating lunch, for example, but in between meals and drinks the Becca Ultimate lipstick sticks fast.
In these pictures I’m wearing my perfect nude (Dune) and my perfect red (Poppy). If you look on the Becca website
You can find Becca Ultimate Lipstick Love at Cult Beauty
You can see these lipsticks (and three other luxury lip launches) in my latest video – just click play below. The products featured are listed below the video screen.
Chanel Coco Rouge Flash in shades Boy, Pulse and Beat – £31 at John Lewis*:
Hourglass No28 Lip Oil Neutral Rose, £45 (yikes!) at SpaceNK here*:
Bobbi Brown Crushed Liquid Lipstick in Hippy Shake and Peach & Quiet, £16.50 (at time of writing) John Lewis here*:
Becca Ultimate Lip Love £20 at Cult Beauty*:
The neutral shades I tried were Sugar (cool) Bare (Warm) and Dune (Neutral) and then the red shades were Blaze and Poppy.
Oh, hallelujah: I thought that the glorious Elemis Pro-Collagen Rose Cleansing Balm was on a limited run, once-it’s-gone-it’s-gone, but I’ve just seen that it’s now a permanent addition to their Pro-Collagen line. (It took me four attempts to spell “hallelujah” correctly, just in case you were wondering. It’s on a par with “diarrhoea” and “manoeuvre” in terms of complicated, non-sensical letter groupings.)
The Elemis rose cleansing balm falls into the “treat to self” category, I think, because it’s a
The ultimate luxe-feel-divine-smell (LFDS) cleanser being, of course, Darphin’s
In terms of texture the Elemis is very similar to Darphin’s cleanser; a perfectly smooth, easy to spread balm that’s neither too waxy nor too quick to melt. You get a good old massage in before it begins to really break down, then it flannels off easily and without residue once you add water. Gentle and effective over the whole face, it has no problem dealing with mascara and eye makeup, though I tend to use an actual eye makeup remover (bi-phase) for heavy-duty mascara, because it’s so hard to get it all off. And I worry about pulling out my lashes when I’m doing that press-press-press-on-your-eyeballs thing with the flannel. (I seem to have eyelashes that aren’t properly attached to my lids – it’s like they’ve been temporarily stuck on with a bit of lash glue rather than actually grown from inside my face. I sometimes think that if someone blew hard on my face, they’d all detach themselves and fly away like the seeds from a dandelion clock. Worrying.)
The ingredients list for the Rose Cleansing Balm reads like a fairy’s Ocado order; sweet almond oil, elderberry seed oil, oat kernel oil, orange peel wax, beeswax, starflower seed oil, mimosa flower wax, rose wax, rosehip fruit oil, jojoba seed oil, geranium oil, rose oil… Gorgeous. There’s other stuff in there too (full ingredients list at the bottom of the page) but the general gist is very nice indeed. And spring-like.
If you’re not familiar with cleansing balms and have, until now, only used washes or foams then you’re in for a treat; balms – and the thicker cleansing creams – give such an unctuous, comforting experience that you actually tend to look forward to makeup removal time. It’s the opposite of a quick splash – the oils in the balms really break down grime and makeup and allow you to slide the cleanser around and work it into the eye area. It’s the slow, “take time out” cleanse rather than the “must dash” cleanse – though I should point out that you
You can browse more cleanser reviews
The Elemis Pro-Collagen Rose Cleansing Balm is £43 for 105ml (
And as a comparison, the Darphin Aromatic costs £35 for 40ml (read review
A quick vote, please, because rose scents seem to be like marmite! Can we have a simple “No” or “Yes” in the comments? “No” if you hate rose, “yes” if you love. Important market research for my own purposes, you see…
Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, PEG-6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, PEG-8 Beeswax, Cetearyl Alcohol, Sorbitan Stearate, Sambucus Nigra (Elderberry) Seed Oil, PEG-60 Almond Glycerides, Fragrance (Parfum), Silica, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Oil, Triticum Vulgare (Wheat) Germ Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Cera (Wax), Glycerin, Lecithin, Borago Officinalis (Starflower) Seed Oil, Phenoxyethanol, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Citronellol, Geraniol, Acacia Decurrens (Mimosa) Flower Wax, Rosa Multiflora (Rose) Flower Cera (Wax), Tocopherol, Rosa Canina (Rosehip) Fruit Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Benzyl Salicylate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Rose Extract, Pelargonium Graveolens (Geranium) Oil, Rosa Damascena (Rose) Flower Oil, Rosa Damascena (Rose) Extract, Padina Pavonica Thallus Extract, Citric Acid.

I had a can of full sugar coke before filming this video, so you’ll have to excuse the tendency towards frivolity. I’ve managed to get my Coca Cola consumption down to just one can a week, now, and I try to “take it” (like medicinal waters) on a work day when I need a bit of extra energy to plough through the to-do list.
I used have my can on a Friday evening with my fish and chips, but I was finding it hard to sleep afterwards – writhing around with anxiety until the early hours – and I realised that it must have been the consumption of caffeine at a relatively late hour. Duh. Call me Inspector Morse.
Imagine if I was a coffee drinker? It doesn’t even bear thinking about. Even the caffeine in one can of coke -approx 34mg – turns me into a gurning, twitching idiot; a quick Google tells me that the average coffee has around 95mg of caffeine! I’d be unstoppable on that. I’d probably grind my teeth down to little stumps and wear holes in the carpet from pacing back and forth. And that would be when I could get off the toilet…
Anyway, enough of my ridiculously low caffeine/sugar tolerance level and on with the show.
No, I’ve come to the realisation that I now only really tweak my “look” when the weather gets warm – bit of gradual tan, a load of bronzer, a hot red lipstick and lashings of mascara – and the rest of the time, I’m just trying to make myself look more alive.
Perhaps this will change once I have more time on my hands (ie in about twenty years) but for the moment, it seems that
And so I introduce you to the Ombre Nudes palette from Becca, the Sunset Bronzer from Delilah and the newly reformulated Forever foundation from Dior, amongst other wondrous things; grown-up makeup items that produce flawless results with very little effort. Enjoy the video, share it, leave a comment on it – I’ve listed the products used below the video pane for easy reference…
Dior Forever Extra Glow Foundation*:
I went out-out last Saturday – to a ball. A proper black tie affair that required the hiring of tuxedos (Mr AMR and friends), a special bra (me) and transportation through the muddy lanes of Somerset (all of us). It was an organisational ordeal, if truth be known, especially as we had to leave the house at 17.45 and we were still shooting pictures of me in my dress – for this post – at 17.42. We’re not great at doing things in an ordered manner at the best of times, but throw formality into the mix – a prompt-start drinks reception, a shared cab – and we really show our true chaotic colours.
In actual fact, my preparation for the ball had started a whole week beforehand because I had only recently emerged from the world’s most intense onslaught of minor ailments. And after almost week spent in bed, my face and body looked as though I’d been buried in a sandpit. Or a jar of rice. You know how people drop their iPhone down the loo/in the sink and then put it in rice to dry it out? That’s how I looked. Dried out.
So it was onwards and upwards with a supercharged beautifying routine, including body brushing (haven’t done it in years but I just felt so sluggish and drained, it was rather nice to give myself a vigorous buff) (not a euphemism), hair masks (I’ve been instructed by Kat at Josh Wood to use them on a regular basis if I want my hair to grow out nicely) and – most importantly – some serious facial rehydration.
Now I’m no stranger to a good hydrating serum, but I took things one step further with this post-sickness week of beauty SOS; a 7 day course of intense replumping using the new L’Oreal Revitalift Filler Ampoules. The Revitalift Filler range has always been about serious hydration but these ampoules are on another level, with individual doses of concentrated hyaluronic acid to really leave skin looking smooth and plumptious.
In all honesty, I find that the formula is so concentrated I only need a small amount of each ampoule, so one dose usually does my face, neck and chest three or four times. I’m probably not supposed to say that, but it’s true – you get far more than you’d need for a seven day course. Which is surely no bad thing!
And the results of my SOS 7 Day Cure? Well, the Revitalift Filler Ampoules definitely gave an amazing boost to whatever was applied on top – it was a bit like a hydration supercharge. Everything felt more elastic and bouncy, with the
I think we all know the drill by now, when it comes to hyaluronic; in terribly simplistic terms it helps your skin to hold onto moisture, helping to plump out fine lines and make your face look smoother and fresher. The Revitalift Filler Ampoules do this admirably – and I must admit to rather liking the 7 Day Cure idea. For those who are about to go on holiday, or have come back from holiday totally weatherbeaten, or who are gearing up for a big event or gearing down for a week of rest, it’s a nice way to remind yourself to give your skin a boost.
You can find the new Revitalift Filler Ampoules at Look Fantastic
The base – as usual – was the most enjoyable part; I never tire of buffing in various sheens and shines and pigments to create a glowing, reasonably realistic version of my natural skin. My skin but not knackered™. I started with a layer of Charlotte Tilbury’s Flawless Filter in
Cheek colour and contour was courtesy of Kevyn Aucoin Celestial Bronzing Veil in
All of that was fine, the base stuff, but when it got to eyes things started to go seriously wrong. First of all I made my usual “going out” mistake: trying to learn a totally new look at the last minute. I thought to myself,
It was disastrous, my friends. By the time I had finished, having applied every matte shadow in existence and used up the last of Mr AMR’s masking tape (don’t ask), I looked like a ninety year old Panto Dame.
Off it all came and I thankfully came to my senses, using the trustworthy (if brow-raisingly expensive) Ombre Blackstar crayons from
I lined my eyes with Marc Jacobs Highliner in
And finally, lips. I wanted a nudeish shade but with a hint of peach, but nothing
So Chanel’s
I admit that I did overline my lips slightly to make them fuller – they had to complete with my massively on-show breasts, after all (see this post) – but I kept the effect soft and pretty, nothing too
My hair was painstakingly waved using a heated tong, just to give some “sexy tousled waves”, which is possibly one of the most overused phrases in the beauty industry, along with “pop of colour” and “fresh, glowing skin”. Sorry.
But that’s what I had, the sort of waves that would never happen naturally but happen to look natural. Although why anyone ever called it “bed hair” I’ll never know; my bed hair looks flat and limp, like I’ve slept with a rubber balaclava pulled over my head. (I have no idea whether rubber balaclavas exist, by the way; I mean I’m sure they do but I don’t own one. Just to make that clear.)
Now I’ve had more than a few questions about the dress, which is the Francesca by Issa. I actually think Issa must have shut down, as a luxury brand – I see that they make stuff for House of Fraser, but not as a standalone label, which is a shame. Their dresses were always just spot on for me; cut the way I like them and with the most beautiful prints. The Francesca is a heavily embellished maxi gown that sweeps the floor (not literally: if it did it would be worth every penny) and sinks low at the neckline. I mean it’s not even a neckline really, is it? More of a diaphragm line.
If you want to read more about the intricacies of wearing this dress (ie how I got my boobs to stay up) then there’s a post
Accessories were kept simple but glamorous – I swapped my usual rings for my special Bvlgari gold and diamond band (a sort of alternative wedding ring from Mr AMR, I did a video on it
Dress, jewellery….what else? The bag was an old one from Anya Hindmarch – I call it my “summer bag” because I only ever crack it out when it’s blazing hot or I’m on holiday, but I made an exception here because it matched the dress so well.
And on my feet I wore some huge clompy sandals! I shouldn’t tell you this because it spoils the illusion, really, but I didn’t want to teeter in massive heels
You can just about see a toe poking out with the clompsters on. I bought them when I was pregnant with Angelica and they were basically my “pregnant occasion” shoes – safe, chunky, but glittery enough to pass as something special.
So there, illusion shattered completely, that was my outfit and makeup prep. What do you think? It’s so long since I’ve properly “got ready” that I’d forgotten what a faff it is. But I also felt brilliant when I went to the ball – a bit like a different person. So the effort was definitely worth it, even if we were straight back on the Carousel of Illness Doom as soon as we got home. (Mr AMR, bronchitis.)
I was also quite pleased that I didn’t succumb to that “must buy a new expensive dress” feeling that I get every time I have some kind of event. Why is it that occasionwear is so pricey but it’s the stuff we wear the least? It’s the same with shoes; wear trainers all the time, cheap as chips. Need a pair of ridiculous shoes that are too painful to wear more than once: must spend equivalent of entire decade’s wages. Anyone else?
Here’s a visual delight for you; over 15 minutes of beauty confessional from Yours Truly. I talk about the
Thank the lord: something completely new and interesting and potentially life-changing in the world of makeup. Actually not
The range has been designed specifically to be applied with fingertips, so all of the products are cream-based. Which makes total sense. If you’ve ever tried to blend out overdone powder eyeshadow with your fingertips then you’ll know what I mean. Cream products melt slightly with the heat from your fingers which makes them the perfect consistency for blending – they then set nicely, if they’re well formulated, and have the freshest, loveliest finish.
And these
The shades, too, are really sophisticated and neutral. As you search through the website it can all feel quite repetitive – three or four eyeshadows with similar tones, a blush that looks the same as a bronzer that looks the same as a lip balm – but it’s these small variations that are the genius of the whole affair. It means that you can find the shades that exactly flatter your skin and hair tone – and that you get the right consistency to perform well on whatever part of your face you’re using it. A cream eyeshadow has different demands put on it than a cream lip colour, for example – both are creams, but the texture needs to stand up to use.
So anyway, all positive here; I love a cream shadow, I adore a cream blush, lipsticks are cream anyway whether they’re stuck into a tube or kept in a little jar. The fact that the entire range is cream-formulated pleases me; it’s something a bit brave and new. Brave because it won’t be for everyone (lots of people can’t stand applying makeup without brushes, some balk at the fingers-in-pots aspect) but for those who
The portability of these products is also a bit of a boon; easy to slip into hand luggage or handbag, the pots push together to form stacks (though I do think this makes it difficult to instantly find what you need to find) and everything is really lightweight. I think it would be great if the shades and products types were written on the sides of the pots so that you could identify things whilst they were still stacked (the names at the moment are on the bottom) but apart from that, it’s a great concept.
My best buys? The cream eyeshadows and the cream blush and – surprisingly – the foundation/concealer, which is called
Here I’m wearing the foundation as a concealer (I was doing some test pictures with the new Dior Forever foundation before this, so I must declare the fact I’m wearing a full-coverage base to start with!), two different
The cream blush lasted all day, the shadows did immensely well and I actually applied powder shadow over the top for a night out, so that the cream shadows formed a kind of base. It worked rather well! The only thing I find quite difficult to work with fingertips is cream bronzer – I just struggle with placement and the sheer area that needs covering for it to give that beautiful, overall-sunkissed effect. But maybe I’m a div – plenty of people get on marvellously with cream bronze.
You can find the
I was going to start my review of Indeed’s
Which will be pleasant news for you whether you like the Hydraluron Serum or not, because it provides both a decent alternative and an excellent companion. The Intense Moisture Lotion is packed with hyaluronic acid (the stuff that is a total workhorse when it comes to hydrating the skin and maintaining that hydration) but it has been formulated with hyaluronic at three different molecular weights, whereas the Hydraluron Moisture Serum contains hyaluronic at just the low molecular weight. I don’t want you to be forking at your own eyes with boredom at the science part here, but to explain quickly what that all basically means; the lower the molecular weight of the hyaluronic acid, the deeper the level it works at to hydrate, smooth and plump the skin.
So the Hydraluron Serum works brilliantly, but just at the deep level and really needs to be followed with something else – something that works to stop water loss on the surface – which is why it’s a serum and not an all-rounder moisturiser. It’s a boost, it’s a first course, it’s the start of the hydration feast. The Hydraluron Lotion, on the other hand,
I’ve started off this review in a very distracted fashion – I didn’t ever mean to become sidetracked with talk of hyaluronic and molecular weights – but in some ways it would be odd to talk about this lotion without mentioning the serum – as the original product in the Hydraluron line, it’s something of a cult product. It was probably one of the first products, in fact, that made me sit down and read about hyaluronic and what an earth it did. Hydraluron championed an ingredient, put a spotlight on one specific thing, and there weren’t too many brands doing that at the time. At least not in an easy to understand, relatively scientific, non-bullshitty kind of way.
But back to the Intense Moisture Lotion. Light, silky, very elegant in feel, it slips across the skin beautifully but never feels greasy. It moisturises in a very straightforward and uncomplicated way and doesn’t claim to do a load of other stuff – it’s not “moisture with added retinol!” or “moisture and intensive vitamin C!”. Which makes it a brilliant choice for when you want to follow your retinol or vitamin C with a moisturiser. That just does one job. But really well.
Actually that’s not quite fair; it does do other stuff. The lotion contains copper, magnesium and zinc to help protect skin from environmental damage and also squalene (olive-sourced) to soften and smooth the skin. It’s just a really nicely put-together, simple to understand, lightweight lotion. Powerful but not oily. Great beneath makeup, gorgeous after using any sort of acid exfoliant, a straightforward choice for when you’ve used something pokey and tingly and scary and you
You can find Indeed Labs Hydraluron Intense Moisture Lotion for £24.99 at
So here’s the deal: I’ve worn the Flower Beauty Light Illusion Foundation every single day for two weeks. It’s great stuff. The only reason I don’t have it on today is that I was travelling and needed to keep the weight of my makeup bag down – my laptop alone weighs the same as a Shetland Pony and I don’t need to be carting about an extra tonne in cosmetics. The Light Illusion Foundation comes in a heavy glass bottle – lovely and luxe-feeling, but about twenty times the weight of my current Affordable Foundation Champion, L’Oreal’s
I tell you what though, Flower Beauty give L’Oreal a run for their money with this softly luminous, right-side-of-dewy face base. It’s just as glowy – in fact it perhaps has a teensy bit of added glossiness – and it’s also alcohol free. Perhaps because of that it’s not quite as light in feel as Pro Glow, but for those who constantly crave a rich butteryness in anything that touches their face, it’s incredibly pleasing.
(Cheat’s trick: layering on an intense hyaluronic serum (the one from Institut Estherderm is amazing) and then Darphin’s
Flower Beauty is the brainchild of Drew Barrymore, who I must admit I have a soft spot for. She seems quite normal and a bit of a laugh – which, in Hollywood, often seems to be interpreted as someone being troubled or a bit kooky. Anyway, I accidentally threw out the press release so I’ve had to do my research on Google and as far as I can tell, her beauty range has been out for a while in the US but has only just landed in the UK.
Superdrug have taken a selection of the products from the range and the foundation is my favourite thing. Unfortunately they have initially taken only five of the foundation shades, which is a situation that needs to be rectified immediately. Five shades! Acceptable when it’s a blend-it-out BB Cream or a sheer, complexion-enhancing tint, but when you’re working with a proper medium-to-full coverage foundation you can’t mess about with your perfect match. And five shades isn’t going to be perfect-matching a whole lot of people.
So let’s pretend that Superdrug have all twelve shades; is this Flower Beauty Light Illusion Foundation one that you need in your makeup bag? Yes, I do think that it is. If you’re after a perfectly matte, mask-like finish then it’s not for you but for virtually everyone else it’s a beautiful, skin-glossing, relatively high-coverage addition.
I hate the term “real skin” but that’s what you get with Light Illusion – although my real skin doesn’t look anywhere near as illuminated as this. There’s no powdery finish, no sitting in fine lines and creases and the longevity is good enough that you can do a standard sort of work day (makeup on at 7am, let’s say, off again by 8pm) without worrying about shifting or sliding. Light Illusion sets well (though not as well as L’Oreal’s Pro Glow) but still feels comfy and – searching for the right word here – flexible.
Coverage is medium, so it won’t obliterate the darkest circles or reddest blemishes, but it’s beautifully buildable so you can add more in places that need it. I have to say that the shade I have (Natural Beige) is ever so slightly off on me – if it was a better match then I think I could easily use it in just the places that needed it and sheer it out with a damp sponge elsewhere. But I will have to report back at a later date on that one because the next shade lighter that Superdrug stocks is a little too light, I think – I’m guessing that I’m an Ivory.
Here are the before and after photos:
God only knows why I planted my hand on my chin in the after shot – maybe I was trying to stop my head from falling off. I did it in every single photo. Anyway, you can hopefully see the beautiful sheen on the foundation finish here – part sheen, part gloss. And that the coverage is fairly comprehensive in skintone is evened out and blemish + circles are just about gone.
You can probably see, also, what I mean about the shade being ever so slightly wrong for me. I don’t even think it’s the depth of tone, it’s more the colour itself. Too warm? Too pink? Whatever, I’m still wearing it because I love the texture and finish! Sign of a good base if you’re prepared to put up with the wrong shade…
You can see that it’s a beautiful product, though – almost undetectable even very close up, with that perfected-yet-real effect. Just lovely. It’s a yes from me, once they get the full shade range in.
You can find Flower Beauty Light Illusion Foundation at
Update: in the video I say that the shade I have is “Nude”; it is, in fact, “Natural Beige”. I was reading the wrong part of the bottle, like a total moron. Nude could actually be quite a good match for me, so I’ll endeavour to get some and re-shoot.
Why is it that at the start of every new year I want a brand new hair style? A totally new cut, a completely new colour – something
(Actually, I had the same sort of sudden craving for an extreme hair reform after both babies were born and, weirdly, after my Dad died last year. But that’s a whole other story.)
It’s a new year thing isn’t it? A fresh start, a clean slate, the chance to reinvent and cast off the old. I think I did have a touch of the
But it soon became apparent that a radical hair transformation was not on the menu for me at the Josh Wood Atelier. Thank God that Melanie (my colourist) and Kat (my stylist) are both very sensible and very experienced; they listened to what I wanted (hair that I didn’t have to style, roots that weren’t obvious when they started to show through) and vetoed any sort of dramatic overhaul.
In fact, what Melanie and Kat suggested I have done was the opposite of an overhaul – it’s what we’ve now decided to call a “no-verhaul”. Because you don’t always need to have something extreme done when you’re sick of your usual style – sometimes the slightest tweaks, if they’re clever ones, help you to fall in love with your hair all over again.
“It’s all about seasonal changes,” said Melanie when she was describing how she would adjust my colour. “You don’t always have to have a major life-changing colour – the new year temptation to be a new you might be fine for a week or two but think about it; is it going to be high maintenance?”
Kat was also a fan of the minor adjustment. “I’m just going to nibble the ends,” she said, which made me laugh because I envisaged her sitting on her stool, biting at my hair like a mouse. Apparently the secret to growing out your hair is to use plenty of intensive hair masks – keep the condition in fine form and you don’t need to cut off huge chunks of it every time you have a trim. (There’ll be a glut of hair mask reviews, then, for the next few months!)
So yes; my hair overhaul became a hair no-verhaul. But despite the changes being so diminutive, the overall effect was quite uplifting – and I didn’t have the settling-in period of an unfamiliar cut or a high maintenance colour.
I suppose you
Now the very kind people at Josh Wood Atelier have offered one UK reader a complete Hair No-verhaul at the Holland Park salon including a cut with Kat, a colour with Melanie and a delicious lunch whilst it’s all going on. (The food at Josh Wood is amazing.)
All you have to do to be in with a chance of winning this incredible prize is leave a comment below before noon on Friday 18th January (if you’re reading via email you need to click through to the blog to be able to comment) and make sure that your email is in the form so that I can contact the winner. The lucky winner, chosen at random, will also get a personalised haircare regime to take home with them.
Please see
“Oh Ruth, oh wise one, you are so amazing and brilliant and your hair looks fabulous today – and what a smashing blouse you have on.”
Getting back to my hair, though; I couldn’t be more pleased with the results of my no-verhaul. Kat squared off the shape of my hair at the back to make the line more blunt and modern and added the tiniest bit more shape around the front. Mel added lowlights as close to my natural shade as possible and gave more of a balayage effect to move things away from the more generic look that a full head of highlights gives. She did some “sporadic foil placement” with blonde to keep things bright around the face, and something called a “dropped root”, which is when you take the darkness at the root down further into the hair so that regrowth isn’t visible.
Exactly what I want at the moment: low-maintenance hair that doesn’t need styling. Actually, the no-styling thing is precisely why I think I’m going to carry on growing it. I love shorter hair and I do admit that it possibly suits me better, but
But watch this space – come June I’m sure I’ll be procrastinating about getting a blunt fringe cut in to “pep things up a bit” or toying with the idea of a jet black elfin crop.
The website for the Josh Wood Atelier is
I royally overdid it on the retinol-testing front over Christmas and New Year. Most people overdo it on the food and booze, but not me; I prefer to live life more dangerously and become the world’s most idiotic guinea pig. This guinea pig went in all guns blazing – squeak squeak! – and tried out a relatively high-powered retinol cream, neat, on four consecutive days, without reading the instructions properly.
My face pretty much fell off. It was
And it isn’t the product’s fault – the product (the new
Baby steps is what A-Passioni would have no doubt preferred; A-Passioni might have liked being buffered with a bit of face cream and given a cautious tester session on an inconspicuous area of skin. A-Passioni would no doubt have appreciated being diluted down a little and maybe only used twice a week for the first week instead of four whole days on the trot.
A-Passioni should have been treated like a girl in a Jane Austin novel who’s coming of age – sent to a few dances, taken to a couple of tea parties, pulled back from society for a day or two in between each outing to avoid overexposure…
I basically sent poor A-Passioni to a debutante ball wearing nothing but crotchless pants and a sex harness and got Brian Blessed to announce her arrival through a megaphone.
Oh dear. But at least this face product actually does something. Which is one in the eye for Mr AMR who likes to proclaim, regularly, that beauty products don’t do anything whatsoever and it’s all in my head. This opinion based on a documentary he watched in 1986 where a scientist said that all serums were just washing-up liquid in a tube and that they simply tightened your face to get rid of the wrinkles.
Not that the aim of retinols is to make your face itchy and flaky; retinol is something of a skincare superstar, really, hence all of the commotion surrounding it. It tackles multiple signs of ageing and does this very well indeed – fine lines, deeper lines, loss of brightness, uneven skin tone, scarring, acne, there’s pretty much nothing it won’t at least attempt to fix.
But it can be also be skincare dynamite, depending on how it’s used and at what strength. If you have no experience with it then it’s wise to be relatively cautious and follow whatever retinol product you’re applying with some kind of buffer – a rich-but-gentle face cream like CeraVe’s moisturiser or any of the sensitive skin creams from La Roche-Posay. Do this once and then leave it a few days before gradually increasing the frequency of the application and reducing the amount of cream you buffer it with.
It sometimes surprises me how many potent products there now are in the mainstream beauty offering. Acid peels that would just about strip paint, Vitamin C serums that will have you glowing as orange as an Oompa Loompa. For the people who have been out of the beauty loop for a few years, it’s almost terrifying how effective many of the (easily-obtainable, actually quite affordable) products are all of a sudden.
Proceed with caution, is what I say. With all of it. Peels pads, AHA toners, resurfacing serums, they work absolute wonders to brighten and smooth but if you’ve never used them before then start slowly and tentatively; imagine the skincare equivalent of trying to cross a creaky floor without waking a sleeping baby. It’s better to take it slowly, feeling with your toes in the dark for impending dangers – squeaky toys, animated battery-operated crabs, pieces of lego – than try to make a run for it all in one go.
Question, one that I’ve had on my mind for a few years now: do you think that products containing acids and retinol at a certain strength should have some sort of universal sign on them to make sure that people read the instructions? Not like a skull and crossbones sign or anything negative, because these are wonderful ingredients that give great, accessible, affordable results…but something else. The explosive emoji, perhaps – something positive but eye-catching enough to make people take note?
Because I do wonder what happens when someone with absolutely no beauty knowledge whatsoever goes home with some peel pads they’ve picked up, or an acid toner that they then use twice a day every day because they’ve replaced their normal, “so-inactive-it’s-basically-water” toner with it. You’d like to hope that people would read the blurb but I’d wager that many people don’t. Ahem…
Anyway, I’ll be back with a full review of Drunk Elephant’s
I’m treading carefully at the moment because my face still feels a little fragile, but watch this space. I’m not sure whether it can get much brighter or smoother but I’m always up for a challenge…
You can find A-Passioni at SpaceNK
By the way, my best face-fixers when my skin was at its most angsty were the 10Balm from Indeed Labs (find it
Goodness me, this is a naughty one! I’m afraid those who are on the sensitive side should probably give this video with Nadine Baggott a miss – not only do we launch into an in-depth discussion about pubic hair preferences, Nadine introduces me to Scrotox.
Not literally, because I don’t have a scrotum (also I think that a video showing botox on a man’s genitalia might get flagged up as inappropriate) but in the sense that I was once blissfully unaware that this procedure existed and now I am not.
Why, oh
(Oh my God, I’ve just Google-Imaged an ostrich egg. They are absolutely ginormous. You wouldn’t want two of those hanging about in your pants, regardless of how pleasingly smooth.)
Anyway, Nadine and I do get around to the subject of skincare in this video (via Jamie Dornan and burger baps) so it’s a nice one to sit down and make mental notes on, even if you don’t want the (borderline x-rated) banter. Share, like, leave a comment – let me know what you’d like me to film with Nadine next time. The most requested thing is a person –
Zelens Z Recovery Balm, £95*:
ZO Skin Health Daily Power Treatment, Vitamin C Serum,
Drunk Elephant C Firma Serum, £67*:
NIOD Hyaluronic Complex, £38*:
Darphin Aromatic Cleansing Balm £35*:
(Darphin Nectar Oil-Cream is shown)
Sunday Riley Good Genes EU Version, £85*:
Sunday Riley Good Genes Original Review
Omorovicza Queen of Hungary Mist, £50*:
NeoStrata NAG Retinol, $78,
I’m surprised to find that I haven’t ever done a full and proper review on Ameliorate’s cult body treatment, the lactic acid-loaded
Anyway; there are very few dedicated, hard-working skincare products for the body that do more than just moisturise – you’ve got your brilliant soothers, like Cicaplast and Dermexa and CeraVe, and you’ve got your luxury oils and balms and whatnot, but when it comes to proper smoothing and brightening, the options are limited.
And in this relatively niche market of “performance” body treatments, Ameliorate make one of the most effective, non-hyped, nicely-formulated products I’ve ever tried. It exfoliates without being abrasive, it moisturises without leaving grease behind and it is bump-smoothing and surface-brightening without the need for any excess manual labour.
Because of course we have all done the crazy “body scrub dance” in the shower, haven’t we? Assumed the semi-squat position so that we can more easily buff some overpriced sea salt into our buttocks. Lost all feeling in the palms of our hands (which is actually quite nice – tingly) because we’ve spent too long massaging our shins in a circular motion. Almost broken our necks slipping on the oily stuff that’s left in the shower tray.
The problem is that many-to-most body scrubs are dire (the odd bit of apricot shell in an otherwise unremarkable, overly-runny shower gel) and the few that are serviceable (the gritty ones, like Clinique’s Sparkle Skin) leave the bathroom looking as though you’ve had a fight in the kids’ aisle of a craft shop. Glittery, sandy, gluey streaks and blobs all over the place. And don’t even get me started on this craze for the ground coffee scrubs: no, no, no.
So for those who wish to eschew manual scrubbing and a glitter-spattered bathroom, I have just the thing: Ameliorate Transforming Body Lotion. I’ll say it one more time for those at the back, just in case they too want to find something effective and fast-working for their dry, rough skin or ingrown hairs or for their keratosis pilaris; you need Ameliorate. I actually get asked about keratosis pilaris a lot – it’s often (very appetisingly) called “chicken skin”, and comes in the form of tiny red bumps over the thighs, arms and/or back. I used to get it on my thighs when I was small – they looked quite like goosebumps, except that they were irritated, reddened goosebumps. I used to try to pick them off! The horror.
The best, most-proven remedy for KP seems to be gentle, non-abrasive exfoliation and the lactic acid in Ameliorate’s body lotion provides just that. (I also know people who have had amazing results with
And it’s important to stress the difference between an acid exfoliant, like lactic acid or salicylic or glycolic, and a manual exfoliant like a scrub. If you do have bumps and itchiness, then quite often using a body scrub is counterproductive – maniacally scrubbing off the surface of your body in the shower is not only going to be quite irritating to your skin, but the problem (especially with keratosis pilaris) is deeper down anyway, so it’s doubly pointless.
I’m always wary of raving about any kind of “miracle cure” for skin conditions, but the many online reviews of this body lotion speak for themselves. I’ve also farmed out a few tubes of this wonder treatment to friends with bumpy bits and the feedback has been – quite literally – glowing. It’s not the most luxurious of body lotions – runny rather than creamy, slightly yoghurty in smell rather than anything particularly spa-like – but bloody hell, who cares? It’s a worker, not a pamperer. If this cream was a holiday (random concept) then it would be one of those fitness boot camp retreats, not a ten day trip to the Maldives.
You can find Ameliorate at SpaceNK
Look; I won’t judge you if you still want to scrub – I’m partial to a bit of a sandblasting session now and then, especially if it’s in someone else’s bathroom – but if you want to save yourself some energy and get fast, deep-down results rather than a superficial sort of skin smoothness, give this a try. There’s also a brilliant bath milk I’m testing from Ameliorate, so I’ll be back with a verdict on that shortly.
Fortunately I find it a lot easier to look festive than to feel festive. I’ve never been one to wear red, but I do have a little collection of garments that I wheel out every December – lacy things that are slightly more glam than the usual attire. Tops with added sparkle, roll-neck jumpers, the odd bit of sequin. Actually, I keep meaning to buy a very red, very overtly “festive” dress or jumper, but they just seem to drain me of all colour so that I look like I’ve spent weeks running myself into the ground, trying to finish off all of the work that needs doing as well as organise who’s coming for Christmas and sort out all of the Christmas presents.
In terms of hair and makeup, it’s always the same routine when I need to make an effort: hair curled, or waved, depending on how long I can be bothered to tong it for, and either a strong red lipstick and minimal eyes or strong glimmery eyes and minimal lips. Note I say
This year (smooth segue into my advertorial section) I am going all out with the glitzy glimmer but – drum roll please! – on my hair and not my face. I have a new and marvellous discovery, which is the limited edition Elnett Starlight hair spray. Same legendary Elnett formula (not sticky, not crunchy, long-lasting hold) but with a beautiful golden shimmer. Subtle, chic, it catches the light just so and makes your hair look bright and sparkling. The grown-up’s glitter of choice, you could say.
If you’ve never used Elnett before then one of its very best qualities is that you can brush it out instantly once you’ve finished with your hair style. So if you hate the feeling of lots of product in your hair and want to re-style, or don’t want to have to wash your hair straight away, it’s perfect.
The new Elnett Starlight comes in a mini can that’s easily stowed away in your makeup bag or clutch (sorry, “stowed away”! What on earth am I thinking? There must be a better phrase for that. I mean, it’s not as though I’m trying to smuggle my own hair spray. The bag isn’t a pirate ship) and the hair spray has a gentle floral scent that doesn’t interfere with your perfume.
The classic Elnett has also had a festive makeover with a lovely new can design – same great hair spray inside, snazzy star-scattered packaging on the outside. (Try saying Snazzy Star-Scattered after that glass of Buck’s Fizz. In fact, try saying Buck’s Fizz after a glass of Buck’s Fizz.)
You can find Elnett Starlight at Boots
Elnett Starlight Hairspray*, £2.39:
Babyliss Big Hair Care*, £69.99:
Lee Stafford Wonderball Tong, £29.99*:
Colab Extreme Volume Dry Shampoo, £4.49*:
LK Bennett Star Dress – can’t see it online anymore but it might be available in-store! It’s so lovely.
Don’t groan; there’s another new title for my (defunct) monthly favourites that I’m testing. Basically the gist of what I’m trying to get across to people, via one lousy title that’s really hard to decide on, is that these are the very best, most effective beauty products of the month. Out of everything that’s been tested, researched, poked about and slathered onto my skin, these are the things that have impressed me the most.
So this video used to be called
What do you think? I rely on you, my sounding board, to guide me through the internet darkness and help me arrive at a moderately sensible place. So let me know which title you lean towards.
Regardless of title choice, I do hope that these videos are useful in sorting the proverbial wheat from the chaff; knowing which beauty products to plump for and which to disregard. This month sees the approval of two retinol products (at two very different price points), a barrier repair cream, a spray-on skin dew and a cheap-as-chips Vitamin C serum.
You can find product links below the video pane; I’ll be doing more in-depth reviews on most of the products shown, so keep an eye on the Skincare Category here on the blog. (If you haven’t already, then please do
Emma Hardie Plump & Glow Hydrating Mist, £42*:
GOW Vitamin C 23% Serum, £10:
Beauty Pie Super Retinol Overnight Cream, £8.83*:
Elizabeth Arden Retinol Capsules, £42*:
La Roche-Posay Cicaplast Baume, £6.50*:
There’s a new addition to L’Oreal’s Pure Clay mask range and it couldn’t have launched at a better time. The
The gentle, creamy formula feels comfortable on your skin and the mask doesn’t dry down to a hard finish, so no chisel required when it comes to removing it. That’s a huge bonus for me; I find lots of clay masks too aggressive and by the time I’ve soaked and flanneled them off, my skin feels as though I’ve spent eight months hand-gliding over the Sahara.
It’s wise to remove clay masks before they fully set anyway (“fetch the blow-torch Bob!”) but with the Soothing Mask I feel as though you’re given a bit of leeway. It dries, especially if you only apply a very thin layer, but it doesn’t set uncomfortably hard. So you get the deep-cleansing effect of the clay but none of the side-effects. (Namely having to carefully crack a layer of earth from your face like you’re on an archeological dig.)
The Soothing Mask is hypoallergenic and has been formulated with anti-inflammatory Mallow Flower as well as a blend of three different clays; Kaolin to absorb excess sebum and the mineral-rich Montmorillonite and Ghassoul clays to clarify and help eliminate blemishes. Mallow Flower extract has long been used as a herbal remedy to help soothe bites, stings, rashes and wounds so it’s a fitting hero ingredient for this skin-calming mask.
I’ve talked recently about the side effects of my enthusiastic retinol and glycolic testing – a general dryness, sometimes a bit of itching – and I’m trying to make sure that all of my other products are very gentle and sympathetic to my skin’s plight. (I mean. The things I do in the name of research!) The Pure Clay Soothing Mask is a lovely addition to my SOS kit and would be brilliant for those with drier, more sensitive skin who don’t get on well with the more traditional clay masks.
It’s deep-clean that won’t dry you out. All for a very reasonable £7.99. The fact that it comes housed in a heavy glass jar also makes the Soothing Mask a perfect skincare stocking filler – it looks and feels far more expensive than it actually is and makes a substantial beauty gift for such a relatively small outlay.
I’ve put together a little edit of some of my favourite skincare stocking fillers; the general theme is that they are all useful – and highly effective – products that target “holiday season” skin. Skin that’s dull, skin that’s dry, skin that wants to – quite frankly – pack its suitcase and get the hell out of Dodge.
You can watch the video below or by clicking here – the product list is beneath the video pane on Youtube. Just to whet your appetite, there’s a seriously strong acid peel, a retinol that won’t break the bank and the makeup item that gives unbeatable glow when your face is beyond help. Click that button!
I had forgotten how much I like this rich, instantly-soothing face cream from Chanel. It contains just ten ingredients (hence the
I’ve been using Solution 10 after my retinol trials – slathering it on as a kind of buffer if things get too heated – and it is gentle, calming and surprisingly fast-acting. And after a bit of a misguided experiment with some glycolic acid the other week (don’t ask), Solution 10 was one of the only things that genuinely put out the proverbial fire.
Now I’ll admit that I’ve dithered over posting this review – Solution 10 costs £62 and there are loads of more affordable creams that do a great job of soothing and helping to strengthen fragile, sensitised skin. But I have been reaching for this product again and again, over and above my usual soothing suspects, and so I think that it deserves a fair mention.
La Solution 10 de Chanel is aimed at skin that’s sensitive – whether temporarily (mine) or more permanently – and aims to be at the same time highly effective and universally well-tolerated. Again, you don’t need to spend over sixty quid to get a taste of those qualities (I need only point you in the direction of
My over-enthusiastic retinol-testing programme has sometimes left me with quite dry, tight skin – sometimes itchy, too – and Chanel’s Solution 10 has been the cream I’ve most often used as a remedy. It’s slightly more robust and dense than the Toleriane fluid I keep on permanent bathroom standby – perhaps due to the shea butter extract – but I don’t find it at all heavy or cloying. Just instantly calming and very capable in the moisturising department.
When my skin is sensitive I tend to see a sort of chain reaction, one that gets worse if I don’t quickly break the pattern. It starts with some kind of mishap (usually involving a peel or a face mask that I forget to rinse off) and then my skin just has a complete breakdown whenever it hits the slightest bump in the road. Sometimes, if I don’t nip it all in the bud, there’s a dramatic showdown complete with spots, flaky patches and a twenty-minute firework display, but I usually manage to do my damage control before that happens…
Anyway; sensitive skin creams. If they’re good ones then they not only soothe and moisturise, they
So yes, you can get the same sort of moisturising, strengthening, soothing effect with creams from brands like CeraVe, Avene and La Roche-Posay. But if you’re in the market for luxury skincare and really
Chanel Solution 10 is £62 at Boots

Here are the contents of my makeup bag, accurate to two weeks ago today. In all honesty, I’m not a huge fan of the Camo Luxe palette and so that has since been swapped out (for Tilbury’s
But the gist of this video is clear; a move towards really creamy textures and fresh, sheeny finishes. I think that the trick with creams and liquids, when it comes to makeup, is to make sure that they are balanced out with at least a little bit of powder product so that they don’t slide about too much. Or layer them over a longwear base, one that still looks dewy (foundations are clever these days, lots manage it) so that they can cling to something substantial.
Here I’ve started off with the
I’ll try and do some swatches when I get a minute – I’m currently fighting every single bug that’s going around the local pre-school, which seems to be my new hobby. For now, enjoy the video and leave any questions below!
L’Oreal Infallible Pro Glow Foundation in 203*:
L’Oreal Fresh Wear in 145*:
Bare Minerals Bare Skin Sheer Sun*:
Studio 10 Blush*:
Elizabeth Arden Cream Blush in Honey:
PUR Eye Polish in Satin*:
Clinique Quickliner Lip liner in 01 Sassafras*:
Dior 426 Matte Lipstick in Sensual Matte:
Clarins Supra Mascara in Brown*:
Delilah Matte Sunset Bronzer*:
Bobbi Brown Camo Luxe Palette*:
Best Beauty Buys with Nadine Baggott. There are a lot of Bs in that title – it’s a good job Nadine wasn’t named Brenda!
I have two very professional, completely serious videos for you to catch up on. I promise you that there are absolutely no rude bits whatsoever and that Nadine and I always stay on track, never meandering into totally irrelevant conversations or inserting idiotic anecdotal material.
I promise.
If you’ve ever watched Nadine then you’ll know that what I’ve written above is lies, lies, lies. I don’t think we ever managed more than thirty seconds of sensible chat without sliding into innuendo or talking about something so shocking I had to edit it out!
But there’s plenty of very useful beauty information interspersed between the lunacy, including a foundation that’s almost indistinguishable from its luxury cousin and the budget eye cream that’ll truly help with puffiness and bags. Nadine has been a beauty editor and presenter for over twenty-five years and knows her products inside out – she also seems to have indestructible skin, so is rather useful for testing out all of the stuff I’m too scared to go near.
You can find both videos below – please do subscribe to both of our Youtube channels if you haven’t done so already, and if you click the “bell” symbol beside the screen it notifies you when one of our videos goes live. Apparently if you
As I scrape the very last remnants of cream from the bottom of the glass jar, I find myself missing Herbivore’s Pink Cloud Rosewater Moisture Cream before it has even reached the recycling box. Unusual for me, because quite a lot of the time I’m in a rush to try the next new product. Very few creams and balms and potions get an emotional reaction – though it has to be said that it’s the cleverly-scented things, usually with an aromatherapy lean, that tend to get subconsciously bumped up the list.
Results-driven skincare products – the acids and the retinols and the peptide serums and the sticky, grainy Vitamin C pastes – don’t tend to smell spa-like, or mind-transporting, or even that pleasant. They often smells of raw meat or of cat wee. And although I get very attached to these items, because they’re effective and give visible results, I don’t have the same happy feeling when I apply them.
I’ve spoken about this before; the feeling of utter joy that I get when I take the time to apply certain things to face and body.
So it’s worth noting that the
It’s a clever bit of marketing, the
Which probably makes me very shallow, but so be it. I also bought a
Anyway, returning to the delight that is the Herbivore Rosewater Moisture Cream. No excess grease, no stickiness, just a soothing, cooling formula that sits beautifully beneath makeup. I get on well with delicate rose creams (
But as a top coat? Just absolutely lush. I’m going to go in a big circle and come back to the start of my post, when I mentioned products that I have a weird emotional connection to, usually because of the smell: Herbivore’s Pink Cloud is the softest, cleanest sort of rose. Not overpowering, not the sort of rose that smells as though it’s been knocked up in someone’s allotment shed, not that awful synthetic rose smell; just light and refreshing and chic.
This cream is for everyone, really, so long as they like rose; perhaps it won’t cut it for the driest of skins, but for those who want lightweight hydration and a luxury treat, it’s perfect. It melts down to almost nothing on application – cool and watery – but has that pleasing buttery texture when you scoop from the jar.
If you tend to use a hydrating gel or jelly for its no-grease finish, but always mourn the lack of creaminess, the sense of comfort, the softness and blanket of nourishment that you only really get with a cream, then this could be the sort of thing you’re looking for. Equally, if it’s a sweet-smelling top coat you want, something to seal in the goods (whether its your acid, your retinol or a hyaluronic serum) you’ll find yourself reaching for this again and again.
Herbivore Pink Cloud Rosewater Moisture Cream is £42 at

Here’s the classic red lip but with a new way to wear it. Which makes it the
A bonus fact; this look is great for people who can’t ever get their lip-line right. You blur out those edges ever so slightly and suddenly the fact that you can’t even
I’ve used a marvellous matte lipstick, here – it’s the Joli Rouge Velvet in
The Joli Rouge Velvet lipsticks are very well pigmented and – as the name suggests – velvety matte in finish. But they really come into their own when you start patting at them – the smooth, creamy formula becomes almost powder-like and soft, but without any of the obvious problems that applying a powder to your lips might present.
Talking about pressing powders to your lips; do you remember the Chanel
This patted-down powder lip has a bolder, more striking finish – it’s proper lipstick, distressed at the edges. It’s perfection made imperfect. Wilful destruction. Takes ten seconds but – I think, at least – gives everything a bit of a relaxed vibe.
How to do it? I’m almost embarrassed to write it out, because it’ll highlight the fact that I’ve just done a whole post on patting your finger over your lipstick, but that really is about it. I line (Max Factor liner in
Then I apply the lipstick straight from the bullet, usually – a lip brush seems to lay it on too precisely. (Although I do have to say that with bright colours such as this one, if you are incredibly clumsy then perhaps a brush is a good idea. We want “softly smudged”, not “applied during a power cut whilst three sheets to the wind”.) Then pat-pat-pat with your fingertip, carefully and gently – the middle one is best but I rarely use it to apply makeup when I’m filming because it looks as though I’m gesticulating at people in an insulting manner. So habit means that I use the ring finger, but middle is best. More control.
And that is it – just a delicate feathering of the edges, a blurring of the lines. Made possible by the great texture of the Joli Rouge Velvet from Clarins – I have many matte red lipsticks, but most of them won’t pat out as wonderfully as this one. I realise that softening out the edges of your lipstick isn’t revolutionary but in the current makeup climate of overdone flawlessness, I think that this look makes a nice change. Thoughts?
I’ll pre-empt the question as to why you’d put on lip-liner just to blend it in (why not skip it altogether?); if you’re anything like me, with gradually failing eyesight and an unsteady hand, you need that sketched in line to get your lipstick in remotely the right place. It’s a bit like having someone point you in the general direction of the donkey when you’re pinning the tail on – every little helps.
You can find Spicy Chilli at Escentual
A new format for you; I’ve rolled the October monthly “favourites” and “most-used” into one mega-video to create – wait for it –
Now don’t get me wrong, I love picking out the most exciting new launches and best old-school beauty staples for my favourites videos. I also love analysing the products I’ve been using to work out which ones I’ve used the most over the course of the month. But it all just started to seem a bit fussy and complicated and so what we have now is a severely edited-down collection of beauty things that a) have been used loads and b) are brilliant enough to be in a favourites video.
Double whammy excellence.
It’s a “what’s good”, “what works”, “what do I keep coming back to” video that dispenses with the frippery and gets straight to the point. I hope that you like it. If you do, I’ll keep it going and in addition do a seasonal favourites video instead of a monthly one. In fact, I’ve jumped the gun on this and already filmed my Autumn Favourites (comes out in a few days) so if you have any major misgivings about this new format then I’m afraid they will have to wait until the end of November!
Righty-ho, off we go with some excellent skincare buys and the makeup bits that have managed to cut the mustard. If you want to spoil the surprise then there’s a list of products beneath the video pane – the rest of you, click the play button and brace yourselves for yet another audiovisual banquet.
A new video for you here, but as it’s proved to be such a popular one already I’ll give you a bit of an extended blurb. The
Each product in the video holds a special place in my beauty-lover’s heart; Emma Hardie’s Moringa Balm was the first cleanser that truly made me think of cleansing as a luxurious experience, Effaclar Duo helped me greatly with my adult acne many years ago, Liquid Gold was the first high-performance product that I tested thoroughly (it blew my mind), Medik8’s Crystal Retinal 6 paved my way into a more clued-up retinol-testing era and Hydraluron was the first serum that made me research (and fully appreciate the powers of) hyaluronic acid.
So they were the products that opened my eyes, if you will, to certain skincare techniques and ingredients. Cleansing balms for getting that thorough, silky, beautiful cleanse. Salicylic acid (Effaclar Duo and
All of the details are listed below the video screen, but it’s well worth watching me talk through the skincare choices (if I do say so myself!) to get more of an idea as to whether these types of ingredients might be something you’d like to try. Do leave your comments and questions, whether you type them below or underneath the video on Youtube – I’d love to know which products you think have had a great effect on your skin…
CLEANSING BALM
Emma Hardie Moringa Cleansing Balm
see also:
Clinique Take the Day Off Cleansing Balm
SALICYLIC ACID
Paula’s Choice BHA Skin Perfecting Liquid:
Trial Size, £8 at
Full Size, £22.10 at
La Roche-Posay Effaclar Duo
GLYCOLIC ACID
Alpha-H Liquid Gold, £33 at
see also:
Pixi Glow Tonic
see also:
L’Oreal Glycolic Peel Pads
RETINOL
Medik8 Crystal Retinal 6
see also:
First Aid Beauty Retinol Serum
HYALURONIC ACID
Indeed Labs Hydraluron Serum
After the best summer in living memory (for me, at least; those older have enjoyed banging on about the summer of ’76 which was, of course, hotter, longer and tougher) we find ourselves hurtling into autumn. The leaves are starting to fall, the nights are drawing in and we’re all desperately trying to not talk about Christmas before the time when it’s acceptable to talk about Christmas.
But can I just say (and this is
And when was being able to wear tights any sort of bonus? Good grief! You’re either hoisting them up every ten seconds or using a black biro to colour in your legs through the myriad of holes that inevitably appear the very first time you put them on. Add to that the fact that they seem to make my shins ridiculously dry and flaky and we have ourselves a clothing item that could only have been designed by Satan himself. (Though I will admit that they do make my legs look excellent and the ones with tummy control are great for getting a smooth silhouette beneath dresses and pencil skirts.)
Anyway, all of this is rather an unsubtle segue into the main theme of today’s post, which is dry, itchy skin. I’ve been testing out the excellent AVEENO® Dermexa range which has been formulated to soothe, moisturise and reduce discomfort. Many of you will be familiar with AVEENO® products already; in fact when I asked on
I actually discovered the range in the first place because of Angelica’s dry, eczema-prone skin. Before trying Dermexa she had been given a big tub of grease to apply twice-daily as a sort of maintenance moisturiser between applications of her prescription cream, and it was just horrendous to put on. The
And at the same time I was doing my own bit of skincare testing, rubbing the excess balm into my hands, especially the backs of them, and noticing that they were beautifully soft when I woke up.
Which brings me back around to Autumn and tight-wearing weather, because I’ve been using both the
Both are formulated with Colloidal Oatmeal and Avenanthramides (had to copy and paste that word, blimey!) known for their soothing properties and then ceramides which are known to help strengthen the skin’s natural barrier. So as well as instant relief from very dry, itchy skin there’s a longer-term game going on here; helping the skin to retain moisture and protect itself against the outside world.
The funny thing is, before Angelica’s eczema first flared up I didn’t ever think to treat my dry shins with anything properly targeted at very dry skin. It’s only since I’ve tried dedicated solutions on her skin that I’ve realised how immediately effective they can be and I’m absolutely over the moon with how well the Dermexa range works. As a maintenance solution, to keep her skin moisturised and protected, it’s excellent – it’s easy to get hold of and affordable enough to apply regularly and in generous amounts.
The fact that the whole family can use it – I’ve been doing Ted’s legs, recently, as it looks as though he’s inherited my crocodile gene – is a massive advantage. There’s no way I would have voluntarily applied Angelica’s “pot of grease” (as it quickly became known) to my own skin but the Dermexa Long-Lasting Balm feels like something I’d choose to use anyway.
Surprisingly, there’s no greasy residue with either the Balm or the Daily Emollient Cream – you’d think that the balm would leave you feeling as though you’d been basted with goose fat but within minutes my skin feels supple and moisturised with no unpleasant oiliness. The Emollient Cream leaves more of a noticeable barrier on the skin, which is interesting considering how the texture of the product is so much lighter, but it’s a very comfortable feel, not a greasy or sticky one.
And it’s pleasing, really, when you suffer with itchiness due to dryness to feel that you’ve applied a product that’s actually working – so many creams are formulated to “instantly absorb” or “leave no trace” but then skin feels no different after application. Or the benefits are just so short-lived that it seems pointless having taken the time to apply it!
I almost wrapped up this little review without mentioning the Dermexa Daily Emollient Body Wash, which contains similar soothing, barrier-restoring ingredients as the moisturisers in the range. It’s non-drying, which is actually quite a rare thing in the affordable, mainstream body wash market – most leave my skin feeling as though it’s had all of the moisture surgically extracted from it, even the ones that claim to be formulated for very dry skin or sensitive baby skin. You would have thought that non-drying body washes and bath additives would be the norm, but it amazes me every time I walk down the supermarket aisles that there isn’t more choice.
I digress, as usual. The AVEENO® Dermexa range is a great one to have as a bathroom staple – excellent for very dry, itchy skin. It’s also suitable for eczema-prone skin, but not so hefty and intense that it’s off-putting for the rest of the family to use. It’s basically, to sum up, a brilliant, intensely-moisturising all-rounder that has the strength to support skin that requires extra attention.
You can find the Daily Emollient Cream and Daily Emollient Body Wash at Boots
This post contains advertorial for AVEENO® Dermexa.
I’ve made the dire mistake, numerous times this year alone, of using the free shampoo and conditioner provided by whatever hotel I’ve happened to be staying in. Now I hate to generalise about hotel shampoos and conditioners (especially as I’m later going to present a rare exception to the rule) but let me describe to you what might happen to your hair – particularly if it’s already dry or colour-treated – if you decide to take a chance, mid-shower, and reach for the free hotel shampoo.
We’ve all been there. You don’t
Except hair-washing in a hotel is rarely pleasurable. Not if you decide to use their free shampoo, which has seemingly been formulated by Satan’s Science Laboratory. I can just imagine Satan gleefully concocting his moisture-stripping hair wash.
“Morning Science Minions! I hope that you have all been particularly evil overnight, for it is during the night that we do our most merciless and cruel work. I, myself, have eaten eight small children and run over a pensioner on my moped, skinned a cat and culled a herd of elephants.
Now, I have a job for you today, minions – it has come in from a large cosmetic company who provide toiletries to hotel chains. They would like a shampoo, for washing hair, that very barely does any cleansing but strips all available moisture from both hair shaft and scalp. Preferably the shampoo must leave the user looking they’ve been electrocuted with a cattle prod (we all know what that looks like!) before having each and every hair doused in battery acid and finally dried off with a blow torch.
Wait, Minions of Satan, return to your stations! I know that you are eager to start, but be still. Put down the teat pipette, Darren. Switch off the bunsen burners, for there is more to this brief. The company also requires an apparently well-known product called a
Now go, GO, my minions. Formulate and then distribute at will; stick different brand labels (some of them incredibly premium and pricey) to the bottles and then deliver to all the hotels of the world. Including the leading ones. Off with you, and remember: stay evil.”
Honestly, the number of times I’ve stepped out from a (posh) hotel lobby looking like someone who has spent the entire stay backcombing their hair with a piece of wire wool and a can of SprayMount. And you’d think that I would learn; not even the entire bottle of matching “conditioner” will fix the damage that a bad hotel shampoo does. Not even the entire conditioner dose, the bottle of body lotion, the pot of cream from the hospitality tray and a pat of butter from the breakfast buffet will make your hair into anything resembling a normal human offering.
Now there are exceptions to the rule – some hotels stock REN, for example, and a selection of boutique places carry the excellent Bramley range (post on them upcoming) – but in general my hotel/shampoo experiences have been dire. Thank the lord I usually have a Tangle Teezer with me and have never been forced to pick through my haystack with one of the free combs that inevitably lies on the “vanity tray”.
(On that note: who decides what free stuff gets provided in a hotel room? What absolute lunatic thought that more people would need a shoe-shining sponge than ear plugs? What tends to be more of a problem when you stay away from home – noise from the downstairs bar/next door party people/constantly-moving elevator, or the fact that your leather shoes look a little bit dull? Also, loofahs! Why is there
Anyway, I’m rambling. Mainly because it has taken me almost two weeks to get my hair back to normal after a particularly bad hotel shampooing session. I honestly thought, mid-lather, that I had mistakenly used some sort of paint-stripping gel or toilet disinfectant – by the time I went to rinse the skin on my hands had shrivelled and my scalp needed some kind of moisture intervention!
I first bought Bioderma’s Sensibio Eye Contour Gel a few years ago in Paris; I had forgotten to pack my beloved
As a rule, makeup artists in France tend to carry excellent skincare in their kits (it was through working in Paris as a model that I first discovered brands like Bioderma and Embryolisse and Vichy) but I wasn’t going to risk being left high and dry if my options turned out to be a baby wipe and a sachet of scented hand cream. (Has happened.)
So off I went to the Pharmacie. I actually sauntered in looking for the
After some bad miming involving eye-rubbing and streaming tears and an alarming reenactment of a skin inflammation episode, during which I grasped desperately at my face as though it was on fire, we finally settled on Sensibio Eye Gel as a good alternative. It was pleasingly inexpensive, so much so that I fetched a basket and did what every visitor from abroad does at a French Pharmacie – supermarket skincare sweep. Gallon bottles of micellar cleansers, clay masks that never get used, intriguing pH-balanced washes for the nether-regions…
But the eye cream turned out to be a sensible and solid choice. I was put off by the “gel” aspect, but it’s not actually a gel at all. It’s a light cream. It’s not the thickest, creamiest cream in the world but neither does it have that refreshing, tightening effect that is the sworn enemy of dry, sensitive undereye skin – if you tend to give eye gels a wide berth, make an exception for this one.
Calming on irritated skin, the formula (like many of the French sensitive skin formulas) helps to reduce the production of pro-inflammatory molecules so that skin is less reactive. In short, it stops tetchy, itchy skin from becoming more tetchy and itchy every time something upsets it – gives it a bit of an anger management course.
That’s perhaps one of my dicier analogies, but hopefully you know what I mean – if you have skin that sometimes (or often) feels dry, tight and irritated and everything you throw at it makes it worse, you need products that help the skin to protect itself. Stay hydrated, supple and calm.
On that note, I can highly recommend the Toleriane range from La Roche-Posay if you’re looking for full-face calming – the creams contain Neurosensine, which again helps to puts a dampener on irritation before it can get into the swing of things. I’ve reviewed the night cream before
Another great cream – though far, far pricier – is
You can find the excellent Bioderma Sensibio Eye Gel at Escentual.com
Full ingredients list: AQUA/WATER/EAU, GLYCERIN, DIMETHICONE, POLYETHYLENE, TRIDECYL TRIMELLITATE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, ISOSTEARYL ALCOHOL, BUTYLENE GLYCOL COCOATE, FRUCTOOLIGOSACCHARIDES, MANNITOL, XYLITOL, ACRYLATES/ C10-30 ALKYL ACRYLATE CROSSPOLYMER, PENTYLENE GLYCOL, 1,2-HEXANEDIOL, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, DISODIUM EDTA, SODIUM HYDROXIDE, CAFFEINE, LAMINARIA OCHROLEUCA EXTRACT, RHAMNOSE, ETHYLCELLULOSE, SODIUM HYALURONATE, GLYCYRRHETINIC ACID. [BI 484]
The supermarket beauty series continues; this time I trawled the aisles at ASDA to find the best skincare, makeup and haircare morsels. There wasn’t so much choice in the way of
One of the biggest requests from the last video (which was a
But for now, here are my top five picks from the ASDA beauty aisles – some of them are available at other retailers (in fact most retailers, they are very mainstream!) but the nspa is obviously an exclusive. Watch, enjoy, share and leave me any questions or requests you may have. I’m all ears…
ASDA Nspa Hot Cloth Cleanser:
My eyes don’t particularly like it when I wear a lot of makeup. Killjoys! They’ve always been a bit whiney and sensitive when it comes to being caked in powder shadows, rimmed in kohl pencil and battered about with a spiky mascara wand. I remember the tears that streamed down my face on my very first modelling shoot – I wasn’t crying because I had experienced a premonition of the years to come, standing in the freezing cold wearing nothing but a pair of “concept dungarees” (don’t) and five inch Louboutins, I was crying because my eyes were rejecting every single molecule of makeup that dared go anywhere near them.
When you think about it, you can’t really blame eyes for being sensitive. They’re a) really important and necessary body parts but b) at the same time really delicate and vulnerable. Jelly orbs with easily pierced surfaces. Squishy blobs with intricate lenses. And they’re just sitting there in the fronts of our heads, like little spherical aliens riding side by side in their alien spaceship. Nothing between them and the outside world apart from eyelids which – let’s be honest – aren’t exactly the most robust form of protection. So imagine being this little alien with a jelly skin and then people coming at you with pointy pencils and mascara wands that look like instruments of torture. Wanging about big brushes that throw coloured pigment all over you and then painting jet black lines in your “waterline” –
I rarely curl my lashes with an eyelash curler and that’s mostly out of principal. I hated it so much when I was a jobbing model that I swore I would never do it voluntarily. And although I appreciate the eye-lifting effects of a properly curled lash, I don’t want or need those effects enough to put myself through the anguish of clamping my fragile lashes between two metal jaws. The number of times my eyelids were pinched! Good God. Horrendous. It’s the female equivalent of getting a bit of willy stuck in a trouser zip.
I digress: eyes. My eyes don’t like lots of makeup and they especially hate it being taken back off again. So I’ve tried loads and loads of makeup removers in the attempt to find ones that are gentle but that still remove stubborn makeup.
Here are the cleansers that will treat your eyes as they were meant to be treated – great for those with sensitive skin, for contact lens wearers or indeed anyone who wants gentle makeup removal. With all of these products, soak the cotton wool pad and hold over your eye area for at least ten seconds before trying to wipe. It reduces the amount of times you have to rub your eyes and gives the cleansers time to dissolve the makeup.
Exhibit A:
This stuff is the absolute business. The bi-phase formula (oily and watery parts that you shake together) gets off waxy mascara as well as liner and long-lasting shadows but it doesn’t irritate the sensitive skin around my eyes
LRP also do a genius little product in their Toleriane range; the Monodose makeup remover. This one is for the
Exhibit B:
This one, like the Monodoses, won’t cut through very heavy eye makeup but it’s so gentle and soothing that it’s well worth a try for those who wear their cosmetics in non-industrial amounts. I’ve just realised that I
Exhibit C:
This sexy beast of a remover is currently half price –
Right, I feel as though I’ve exhausted this topic for the moment. Aliens, clamps, torture instruments and lipstick murders… If you’re after a great eye cream for sensitive skin then I can highly recommend the Echium one from Pai,
Read more:
Soothing Skincare for Sensitive Eyes
The £80 Eye Mask Dupe
Those searching for an uncomplicated cleanser with spotless credentials need search no further: Dr Sam’s
I’ve long been a fan of Dr Sam Bunting; she’s a respected dermatologist who gives expert skincare advice that’s easy to understand. You can find her Youtube channel
And so I was seriously pleased to find out that Dr Sam had developed a cleanser. One that suits pretty much everyone, that removes all makeup and dirt, that fits into any skincare routine and that isn’t prohibitively expensive. In fact I’d say it’s rather a bargain, really, considering its credentials – £16 for 200ml. To put that price in perspective, it’s half the price of Liz Earle’s
If you’re wondering whether a gel might be too lightweight for you – perhaps you’re used to a thick, melty balm or a robust cream cleanser – then let me put your mind at ease. This is no flimsy face wash; the Flawless Cleanser has the same sort of thickness and unctuousness as a balm, it just feels fresher and smoother. You still get that gorgeous spreadability, the ability to really massage and work the product into the skin, but without any of the oiliness.
Don’t get me wrong; I
It’s also a sensible, no-frills formula. No added fragrance, no added colour and nothing fancy in the way of exfoliants or other bits and bobs that must surely get washed straight down the sink. I like it a lot (demonstrated by my enthusiastic usage) and I think it’s especially a great one for people with breakouts, adult acne, hormonal skin and sensitive oily skin who want the feel of something fresh and deep-cleansing but the effects of something non-stripping and gentle.
You can find Flawless Cleanser on Dr Sam’s website
Me
Dr Sam
Me
Dr Sam
Me
Dr Sam
I’m late with this L’Oreal Pro Glow Foundation review but I think it’ll have been worth waiting for, especially if you are on the hunt for a flawless-finish foundation that manages to look fresh and natural on the skin, that has a bouncy, plumptious finish and great hold. A Holy Grail foundation, if you will, but one that doesn’t cost the earth.
But apologies to those of you who have been patiently waiting; I’ve never had so many questions and comments about a foundation before and so I developed a sort of performance anxiety. I always have an element of self-doubt when I fall massively in love with a beauty product –
So to cut a long, meandering introduction short; I’ve tested the L’Oreal Infallible Pro Glow foundation to its limits, comparing it with dozens of other foundations and wearing it over a huge array of different face creams and serums and oils and sunscreens and
I’ll start boldly here and say that if you did a blind test with L’Oreal’s Pro Glow foundation and some similar, very expensive foundations (I’ll use Lancome’s Teint Idole here for ease, seeing as though I’ve tested the two out in tandem so many times) then you would be very hard-pushed indeed to tell the difference.
Pro Glow was an instant hit when it launched in the US, prompting a small barrage of emails and messages from people asking me to find out when it would hit the UK. But it didn’t, not for ages, and I’ll admit that I was impatient to try it. The reviews were outstanding, the videos I watched showed a foundation that looked right up my street – non-cakey, a radiant finish and a texture that felt moisturising and comfortable.
Well I can confirm that a) Pro Glow is now in the UK (it’s only at Amazon
I remember feeling the same way about Lancome’s Teint Idole as I do about L’Oreal’s Pro Glow; you can read the full review
I really could just copy and paste that section and give it a new title, because Pro Glow seems so similar. L’Oreal rate Pro Glow’s coverage as “medium”, but after a number of comparison experiments involving moles, biro marks, iPhone cameras and pointlessly late nights, I can confirm that there is very little in the way of difference between Teint Idole’s coverage (which is marketed as full) and Pro Glow’s. Ditto longevity (says 24 hours for both, I’ve tested to 14 and it didn’t flinch), ditto beautiful, youthful finish.
If you have dry skin and have been craving a foundation with fuller coverage with a realistic, non-glimmery radiance then I feel that your beauty ship has just come in. Clinique’s
So the before and afters:
I’ve used shade 204 here, but 203 also suits me well, depending on whether I want some extra warmth. I’m afraid it was an incredibly good skin week (great for me, bad for foundation tests!) so we’re looking at overall evenness of tone and beautiful finish, here, rather than degree of coverage.
Although you can see coverage better close-in:
If you focus on the small marks and moles near my nose, it’s easier to compare. I’d also draw your attention to the fact that this foundation doesn’t clog around the upper lip fuzz danger zone – it’s light and liquid enough to blend nicely over it.
I’d go on about the bouncy, fresh-looking finish again too but things would start to get repetitive so let’s move on to the negatives. I had to dig hard, for these, but if pushed I’d say that the tube packaging is ever so slightly dribbly, so you have to be fast when you take the lid off and have the back of your hand ready and waiting to catch the product. (Or the brush, if you like to apply directly to the brush. I don’t, as the product tends to drop right down into the bristles and it’s a waste, but do as you please.)
The only other negative is the relatively small shade range – in comparison to L’Oreal’s True Match foundation it’s a bit sparse with just twelve shades, but I’m hoping that they will expand this soon. Lancome’s Teint Idole has a whopping 40 shades in the range, so if you did want a better match and have the cash to spare (£33 rather than £12) then I can tell you that you’ll be buying an incredibly similar foundation. Elegant, believable and comfortable to wear. A plumpy finish but one that sets fast and won’t shift.
I’ve had quite a few requests to compare Pro Glow to the new (also gorgeous!) Max Factor Radiant Lift foundation, so I shall get onto that next week. I’ve spent the past few days wearing them on one half of my face each, being the dedicated tester that I am.
You can find L’Oreal Infallible Pro Glow foundation at Amazon
For comparison:
Very similar feel, finish and performance:
Similar feel and finish, less coverage:
Update: I’m now reviewing foundations on Youtube as well as here on the blog. The first video is
It’s taken me four years to get around to writing this post. I often think that it’s the products you use the most – the unglamorous workhorses – that never get enough attention, but I’d be doing you a disservice if I didn’t give this one its own post. Because the Paula’s Choice Skin Perfecting Liquid is definitely a hard-worker and it’s a multi-tasker to boot; whether you put up with the occasional hormonal breakout, suffer from adult acne or simply want a gentle, non-abrasive way to exfoliate, this BHA liquid does it all. Brightening, de-clogging, soothing and clarifying, it’s simple, effective and doesn’t cost the earth. Everyone I’ve recommended it to in my personal life, without exception, has seen great results which leads me to make the uncharacteristically bold statement:
People often ask me to suggest good skincare products that contain salicylic acid and the Paula’s Choice range of BHA liquids are the ones that immediately come to mind every time. Mainly because they’re really quite uncomplicated – a massive whack of salicylic acid, some bits and bobs to hydrate or make the acid work harder and a formula that you just wipe on and leave. So whether you have redness, sensitivity or you’re constantly battling sore, bumpy breakouts, it’s just a very simple solution.
Because salicylic acid has quite the reputation when it comes to keeping skin clear in a relatively soothing, gentle way – not only is it an excellent exfoliant, helping to slough away dead cells to leave skin brighter and smoother, it’s anti-inflammatory, which means that it can have a calming influence on angsty, sore skin. It’s also effective at getting right into the pores to remove excess oil and give them a de-clogging session – something that alpha-hydroxy acids (your glycolics and lactics and mandelics) can’t do.
The soothing properties make salicylic acid great for more sensitive skin, those with rosacea and anyone suffering with painful, stubborn spots. I particularly like it for the pre-period week, because it feels less harsh than using products with glycolic or lactic acid but at the same time seems to keep spots (as well as dullness) at bay.
Paula’s Choice has quite a big range of BHA products – there are lotions, gels, sprays and liquids, all with different strengths and (very slightly) different formulas targeted at lots of different skin concerns. It’s a clever range, because despite the general function of the product being more or less the same there’s something specific for nearly everyone – those with blackheads, those with stubborn spots, those with spots
The Skin Perfecting Liquid is, apparently, the bestseller; perfect for blemish prone skin, hormonal breakouts and skin with an uneven tone, it’s also great if you simply want a brightening exfoliant that’s gentle and calming. If you don’t get on with AHA products, perhaps finding them too strong for you, then this may just be your bag. Salicylic acid works differently to AHAs because it’s oil soluble, so it gets right into the pores rather than just exfoliating on the surface – it still has a brightening effect, but it’s possibly the pore de-clogging benefits you’ll notice more. (On that note, if you have drier skin and no blemish problems, or sensitivity problems, I’d opt for AHAs over BHAs. Try the
To use the BHA Liquids, just wipe on with cotton wool after cleansing. (Or pour a little into your palm and pat it on, which is what my sister-in-law likes to do because it’s always such a waste of product letting it soak into the cotton wool pad!) You can follow the 2% BHA Liquid with a serum and moisturiser, or just a moisturiser if that’s usually enough for you. (I like to use something light but hydrating; try
So that’s the beauty of the BHA Liquid – just wipe (or pat) it on and you’re good to go with the rest of your routine. It doesn’t disturb anything else, it doesn’t require any special measures or considerations and the bottle of liquid lasts for ages. Years, if it’s just your pre-period skin fix. The one thing I would say is that too much of anything can have its adverse effects, so if you do start to see any flakiness or feel any tightness or dryness, cut back and adopt a slightly less enthusiastic usage regime.
I’ve put together a couple of little skincare routines for hormonal weeks or for if you’re suffering with adult acne (I had it for a relatively brief but depressing period
It’s £26 for a large bottle at
Oh blimey, the summer’s almost over (the air was distinctly autumnal when I went out to feed the chickens this morning) (most twattish thing I’ve ever written) (let’s move on) and I still have a dozen or so sunscreen reviews to edit and post. If I wait until next spring they’ll never happen, so I’m at least going to make an attempt to get a few of them done. Starting with this one, the Murad City Skin Broad Spectrum Mineral SPF 50.
I get loads of requests for mineral sunscreen recommendations; some people don’t get on with chemical filters, others feel more secure with the very full and instant block that mineral sunscreens can provide. I used to sidestep mineral sunscreens because (we’re going back many years, now) the formulas tended to be heavier and chalkier than the ones with chemical filters, but it’s safe to say that’s no longer the case.
In fact, over the past few months, some of the standout sunscreens I’ve tried have surprised me by being mineral (ie, using titanium oxide and zinc oxide) – silky, refined and without any weird, ghostly residue, they’ve performed brilliantly and have provided a good base for makeup. I love the Intral SPF50 from
But it’s the Murad City Skin that I want to talk about today, notable for its intensely moisturising formula. It seems that many sunscreens are recommended for their “non-greasy finish” or “oil-absorbing powers” but what about those people who would like a dewier feel or who crave a little bit of a comfortable, bouncy residue?
Moisture-cravers need look no further; Murad’s City Skin Mineral SPF50 is joyfully juicy and skin-quenching and keeps the face feeling supple and elastic. Yet, amazingly, the finish is more velvet than dewy – the
I actually pulled this sunscreen from my basket (big basket) of untested sunscreen samples for two reasons: the first was that Murad do some other excellent SPFs including one called
The opening line in my (as yet unedited) draft of the night moisturiser reads something like
If you’re after broad spectrum protection from the sun’s rays along with a load of antioxidants for an extra boost, if you’re after a juicy, moisturising sunscreen that won’t melt off, if you want mineral filters with no white cast…this one’s for you. It’s not the cheapest, so do consider whether or not the price will prevent you from applying it in sufficient amounts, but if you want to invest in a daily, high protection sunscreen that doesn’t require a separate moisturiser (I find this more than hydrating enough when applied straight after serum) then take a look.
Murad City Skin Broad Spectrum Mineral SPF 50 is £45 at Amazon
If you’re not strictly after a mineral sunscreen but like the idea of extra hydration, take a look at my CeraVe review
Well here’s a lovely new foundation for lovers of lightweight makeup: Clarins Skin Illusion Natural Hydrating Foundation. It’s a brand new makeup launch and it replaces Clarins’ original Skin Illusion, which came in a more traditional, pump-action glass bottle. I liked that one very much, but I like the new, serum-inspired foundation even more. It’s lighter, more hydrating and – I think, though it’s barely perceivable – slightly more radiant in finish.
I really should say “bare skin finish” rather than radiant, because the Skin Illusion foundation has an incredibly sheer and natural sort of look to it – it doesn’t conceal imperfections, rather knocks them back, and it just leaves everything just that bit more even-toned and fresh.
Something that’s
Go away dribbling pipettes! But that is my only gripe. And, in fairness, it doesn’t take a genius just to plop a bit of foundation on the back of your hand and work from that with a brush or sponge or fingertips.
The Skin Illusion is so lightweight that you have to work reasonably quickly – it’s runny! – but it applies like an absolute dream, so smoothly and easily, blending out seamlessly so that you’re left with skin that’s nicely luminous, but not suspiciously so.
Here are some before and after photos:
I would point out that it was a particularly good skin week – I really had to do a double take when I was searching for the before pics in my photo library! – but you can hopefully see a change in overall tone (more even) and texture (smoother) if you scroll between the photos above. Perhaps easier to spot things closer up:
I usually judge coverage by looking at the redness to the sides of my nose, examining my undereye circles and focusing in on any little moles or blemishes that are lurking about. As I said, difficult week for foundation testing, as I was in tip-top shape (this was a couple of weeks ago, before I drank my own bodyweight in prosecco and got roped into singing Madonna’s
So, this is a foundation that’s virtually weightless, with sheer coverage and a beautiful silky feel. Possibly thanks to the addition of some new non-greasy oils, which give a pleasant slip but still allow the foundation to set properly. I have been impressed with the longevity – after a few weeks of testing, sometimes for long days of wear, I’ve never gone to the mirror in the evening and wondered where all of my base has disappeared to. Mind you, I suppose there’s not a lot of it to disappear in the first place – if it was a fuller coverage then perhaps movement would be easier to see.
Who is this for? Someone who hates heavy makeup, who wants speed and simplicity when it comes to application and who wants a glow but nothing too OTT. It’s incredibly similar in effect to
Choices, choices. Clarins Skin Illusion comes in 22 shades, Armani Glow, just nine. Both of those have the disadvantage of the annoying glass pipetted bottle when compared to Clinique’s Even Better Glow, which is great for carting about, with its lightweight, squared-off bottle, and is plastic so doesn’t smash into smithereens on the bathroom floor. But Clinique’s Glow is possibly the least comfortable on dry skin – Maestro is incredibly rich and nourishing in feel, Clarins is lighter but still juicy – and then there’s the pricing: £28 for Clinique, £30 for Clarins, £42 for the Armani.
The joy of the Clarins, perhaps – and also the Armani – is that you really can just dispense a few droplets and blend quickly into the central area of your face. Knocking back redness, evening out tone and freshening up the areas prone to discolouration or darkness without caking on a huge layer of base. You can apply and blend in seconds and be confident (because it’s nice and sheer) that you don’t have ridiculous tide marks everywhere, or that your fuzz moustache hasn’t become all clogged up with product…
I’ve driven myself slightly batty trying to compare all of these foundations – I almost started to throw a high-street challenger into the mix, but it’s too different in terms of texture and coverage. (Watch this space for a review on that one.) Foundation testing in general is getting harder and harder because so many of the offerings out there are lightweight, radiant, fairly long-lasting and “juicy” in finish – that coveted real-skin effect – and I have to admit that I start to run out of adjectives. I may have to mix things up with some heavy coverage, powdery beasts for a while…
You can find the gorgeous Clarins Skin Illusion foundation at Escentual.com

Well it looks as though we have ourselves a new beauty series; I uploaded a Youtube video about supermarket beauty on Sunday night and it was an instant hit. It was a video I had been meaning to do for a while – a quick “supermarket sweep” style vlog where I pick out the best beauty buys in my local supermarket. I originally intended it to be a sixty second video for Instagram, something I might do quickly every week with just one product (might still do it, actually) but when I got to Sainsbury’s I had nowhere to prop my camera without looking like a berk and I also had Ted with me, who was being (understandably) grumpy and had to be fed mini scotch eggs at a rate of one per twenty seconds.
So I changed the idea slightly, grabbing the beauty bits I needed and heading home to talk through my choices. To be quite honest, it probably made the video more useful, because it meant I could go into more depth with the product reviews and ramble about supermarket beauty buying in general. Had I tried to film the whole thing in-store, I would have rushed it and probably just done a very quick precis for each item whilst looking nervously over my shoulder to see whether anyone was coming to admonish me. (Also: supermarket lighting tends to be DIRE for filming in. It makes you look about twenty years older and ten times more sallow.)
Anyway, here begins a whole new series: I thought I’d make it a regular thing to go to different supermarkets and find the best buys, discover new exciting products and investigate the more niche brands that you’d probably never expect to find between the kitchen roll aisle and the deli counter.
What do you think? What would you like to see from this series? Some great suggestions in the Youtube comments section included: an entire skincare routine built from supermarket products, best body products and then a comparison of the offerings from the more expensive supermarkets such as Waitrose and M&S and the lower-priced like ASDA and Lidl. I’m going to go and film another one this week, so buoyed am I by the general enthusiasm!
The first edition is
KORRES Fig Body Milk*:
Burt’s Bees Almond Hand Cream*:
Superfacialist Cleanser*:
L’Oreal Revitalift Cream-Mask*:
Garnier Eye Makeup Remover*:
Just a little bit of blurb, for those of you who really can’t be arsed to click through (do, though, if you want to see Baby Ted with his mouth stuffed full of beige food); I chose the KORRES body milk because I was so impressed that KORRES were in a supermarket. Also the milk is light but very nourishing and makes a perfect aftersun. The Burt’s Bees hand cream jar, though possibly one of the priciest products per ml that you’d find in a supermarket, is delightful. The packaging alone makes it gift-worthy, if you’re in a blind panic and en route to someone’s birthday (how often do you find yourself stopping the car and running in to buy a card, bottle of prosecco or similar – grab a jar of this instead!) and the cream itself is more lard than cream – I challenge you to present me with hands so dry and cracked this won’t fix it…
What else? Oh yes, the Super Facialist cleanser – just gorgeous. Very gentle, but very effective, a robust cream cleanser that needs to be flanneled off, but comes in a handy tube. Rare. And won’t break the bank. The L’Oreal night cream needs no introduction, I must have mentioned it around a thousand times, the Garnier makeup remover is just a cheap little hero that gets off stubborn mascara and the like without burning your eyelids off. Always a bonus.
Watch the video
I’ve found this review surprisingly difficult to write considering that this is one of the very best makeup products I’ve used in years. I think it’s perhaps because I’m not quite sure where to place Charlotte Tilbury’s Hollywood Flawless Filter; is it a foundation or a complexion enhancer? Is it an illuminating primer balm or a dewy finish, low-key highlighter?
In all – and absolute – honesty, it does all of the above beautifully. I’m usually hesitant to rave about something unreservedly, because my opinion of something – although I like to think well-informed – is never going to be representative of everyone’s feelings.
But I’ll stick my neck out here and say that I can’t think of many people – apart from perhaps those with oily skin – who
Charlotte Tilbury in no way describes this Flawless Filter as a foundation, but I’ve put it into the foundation category nevertheless because it ticks so many of the boxes that a foundation should. In fact it ticks all of the boxes that most foundations
Let’s take a look at the coverage level, because I know how you like my close-up photos! And I don’t want anyone buying into the Flawless Filter dream thinking that they’ll get a full-on face makeover – spots and dark circles will not be totally covered. But then again, I wouldn’t be categorising this as a foundation if it didn’t provide at least some coverage, so – oh bloody hell, let’s just get on with it shall we?
Here’s my face before:
Please note that my camera does a very weird auto adjustment thing, sometimes, if my face is reflecting more light in one photo. Which it was after I had applied the Flawless Filter! So some of the warmth you can see in the after picture is down to camera adjustment rather than the product itself, but you
Close-ups:
You can actually see the coverage level by focusing on the little moles next to my nose and on my upper lip. But if you look at the overall tone of the skin, it’s just wonderfully juicy and plumptious and glowing. In terms of finish, there’s absolutely no greasy feel, but there is a dewiness that feels almost as though the skin has been glossed. Perhaps with an ultra-moisturising balm, but one that’s sophisticated and elegant. In terms of comfort, if you have skin that’s on the dry side, the Flawless Filter is just delightful.
My only gripe? The spongey oversized concealer wand applicator. I just don’t get it. Is it so that the product can be precisely applied over foundation? Because I like to use it all over, as a primer (or more often a complete, standalone base) and so some sort of pump action bottle or squeezy tube would make life easier. As it is I have to take the wand and draw all over my face, which always seems a weird thing to do. Although it stops me from using quite as much product as I probably would do if I could dispense it more easily, so perhaps it’s a blessing in disguise…
A small – tiny – criticism, because there is nothing else I can find to dislike about the Hollywood Flawless Filter. I had my friend Rach test it too, because I like to double-test things to make sure I’m not a raving lunatic (and I like hearing her feedback, which is always quite colourful and amusing); her review was enthusiastically glowing.
“It’s so good I don’t want to tell anyone about it. I was going to Instagram it and then I thought twice. Why would I share something this amazing?”
I like her style. And I get where she’s coming from – the Flawless Filter is like the ultimate one-step head start. It has people asking how an earth your skin is so good, rather than asking for the name of your foundation. It’s supposed to mimic one of those beauty filters that you can apply to your face on Snapchat and Instagram but in reality it’s so, so much better than that; it’s filters for grown-ups. It’s a filter for people who don’t actually buy into the whole “be a fake you” sort of climate – it’s a helping hand, but turbo-charged. I bloody, bloody love it.
Some practical notes: I use
That said, it does need blending – there’s a certain amount of pigment to consider and if you leave blobs, they show. But a whisk over with sponge, foundation brush or fingertips (fingers waste the least product I reckon) is all you need for an absolutely flawless finish.
You can apply the Hollywood Flawless Filter as a sort of primer, adding concealer or foundation lightly over the top where you need it (the full-face image above is with some
If you’re unsure of shade, there are Charlotte Tilbury counters in Selfridges and John Lewis, but if you are around a shade 20 (ish) in brands like Dior, Chanel, Guerlain and MAC then you’ll probably like the 3 in Flawless Filter as it gives some added warmth.
I’m not sure how helpful the below swatches will be, as when the filter is blended out it looks entirely sheer and so colour match (as previously mentioned) isn’t a massive issue, but I’ve pasted on some streaks of a few shades just to show you how they look;
The swatch to the far left is Guerlain Lingerie de Peau foundation in shade 20 (full review
You can find Charlotte Tilbury Hollywood Flawless Filter at Cult Beauty
It seems to be turning into lipstick week – first the
And I’ve mentioned L’Oreal’s
But I loved the balm-like quality of the Colour Riche Shine lipsticks – the sort of texture that’s so soft and inviting you actually want to keep on applying it – along with the intensity of colour, which seemed unusual for such a shiny, slippery product.
This isn’t a lipstick for the Longevity Crew – those people needing four, eight, twelve hours of wear should skip to the next post. But if you like a low-key gloss without even the merest hint of stickiness or tackiness and you want a comfortable feel from your lipstick, you’ll love it.
The closest comparison I can think of in terms of similar products on the market would probably be YSL’s Rouge Volupté Shine; it has that kind of finish that’s almost like a very lightweight oil across the lips. Rouge Volupté Shine is obviously the luxury option – the packaging is a decadent little treat in itself – but the Colour Riche Shine isn’t far off. A lighter (plastic) casing, but it still looks chic and the lipsticks themselves come in some very similar shades.
In fact, my favourite shade in the Colour Riche Shine, 658 “Topless”, isn’t an entirely bad dupe for my favourite Volupté Shine shade, which is shade 47. You could probably get even closer – the L’Oreal one has a hint more mauve to it – but both are that lovely pinky-neutral that I tend to go for when I want an easy polished look.
You can find the Colour Riche Shine lipsticks online at Boots
I’m a bit broken this week. Lack of sleep (I thought we were past those days) and tediously long bedtime sequences have stretched me to the end of my tether. Or stretched my tether? What even is a tether? Whatever (tether), I honestly think that on a bad night our familial “bedtime routine” would be enough to make the toughest person on earth break down and cry. I don’t know who the toughest person on earth
There’s something rather soul-destoying about thinking you’re going to have a small slice of the evening all to yourself and then having it repeatedly ripped from your grasp. When you’re knackered after a full-on day of toddler-chasing, debris-clearing, dribble-wiping activity and you just want ten minutes to sit down on your own before it’s time for bed yourself, doing multiple trips up the stairs to quiet one screaming toddler and then a whole other set of journeys to make sure that the older one isn’t climbing the stuffed giraffe again sends you to the absolute limits of sanity.
And I’m not moaning: just telling it how it is. It seems to be like this for most people, so I feel I can give you an honest portrayal. Those adverts where it’s all calm and peaceful, and there’s a curly-haired little girl lying in bed listening to a story, her eyes slowly closing, the parent gently pulling the duvet around the child as she falls asleep and then kissing her on the forehead and tiptoeing to the bedroom door: it’s bollocks. At least it is in my house. And in the houses of virtually everyone I know.
Bedtime is a sort of battle. If you win it and they are in bed on time (ha!) and nobody (adult) has cried and nobody else (child) has walked into a door-frame/bedpost/wardrobe/wall or made you feel guilty for “being cross” then you feel absolutely on top of the world. If you lose the battle, you will eat cereal for dinner, hunched over the table at 9.57pm, eyes half closed, scrolling through Instagram and snarling at people’s holiday snaps.
And then there’s the middle ground, which is what happens most nights, when there’s been a truce between warring armies – or, more accurately, everyone is so knackered that they’ve eventually just gone back to their own camps. The camp of Slumber (them) and the camp of Kitchen (you). You will have already spent an hour or so
You will have ascended and descended the staircase approximately twelve times, carrying various bits of cargo such as the water bottle, the baby wipes, the 1 tog baby sleeping bag, the 2.5 tog baby sleeping bag, the remote control for the Dyson fan, the remote control for the Velux blind, the blanket with the maps printed on it, the blanket with Transylvania 3 characters printed on it, the pillow case for the doll’s pillow, the doll, the dolly’s pram, the book about the postman.
This is all before you’ve eaten your dinner and begun your own bedtime routine, which – if it’s anything like mine – involves forgetting where things are over and over again, trying to find them and getting increasingly stressed out about how late it’s getting.
10pm: start preparing for bed. 10.03pm: attempt to locate iPhone charger. 10.08pm: locate iPhone charger, plug iPhone in to charge in kitchen. 10.10pm: start to run bath, go to sit on toilet, realise you can’t find iPhone. 10.24pm: silently scream because you still can’t find your iPhone. 10.28pm: mop up water that’s overflowed from the bath where you left the taps running. 10.32pm: return mop to utility, passing by your iPhone that is charging in the kitchen. 10.32pm-11.36pm: repeat lost-and-found routine for items such as hairbrush, laptop, car keys, house keys, alarm fob, purse, knickers. 11.37pm: locate laptop, randomly decide to log onto Tesco Clubcard site to see how many points you have. 1.45am: finish looking at reviews of local safari park, including Bill from Teeside’s offering, in which you learn that the “muffins in the breakfast place are underwhelming”, decide that you will cash in your points another day.
And Ted has decided to throw another element of chaos into the bedtime mix: an 18 months “sleep regression”. He wakes up at random times, usually when your eyes are just getting heavy and you’re doing that delicious slide into unconsciousness, and he SCREAMS. Like something from a horror movie. Last night was a climax of misery when I was on my own and he cried for three hours – midnight until 3am – and would not be comforted by anything. Not even getting into bed with me, which I
Today I feel as though I have a medium-strength hangover. My head hurts, I feel vaguely sick and I have that awful day-after guilt –
Well. This was supposed to be a cute little post about bedtime routines and gorgeous sleepy bath and body products. But if I told you that I spritzed Ted’s cot with a special pillow spray and it made him sleep I’d be deceiving you. If I said that I sprayed Angelica’s pillow and she immediately drifted off I’d be an absolute liar. In reality, I spritz her pillow and then she (variously, depending on what day it is) demands I sing
Regardless, it has become a habit to spray Angelica’s pillow with the
I don’t know what I love more about this sleep spray; the smell – which is less lavendery than the rest of the offerings on the market, more complex and deep – or the name.
And the idea behind
I suppose I’m a bit won over by this
You can now find the lovely Bath, Book & Bedtime range at Waitrose
Right, off for a nap – I can’t function on four hours’ sleep! Has anyone else experienced the so-called “18 month sleep regression”? Any tips?
I’ve been meaning to write about Chanel’s Jumbo Longwear Lip Crayons for a while, but the arrival of what could potentially be my all-time perfect lipstick shade (“Discretion” from the AW18 collection) suddenly made this review a bit more urgent. Because the new colour is just sublime; a pale peachy-nude that manages to look creamy and plump despite the matte finish.
Chanel’s Jumbo Lip Crayons are a triumph anyway, in terms of texture and ease of application – they glide on almost without friction, feeling more like a liquid than a crayon, and have reasonably good longevity without the usual associated dryness. But where Chanel’s standard Jumbo Crayon has a sophisticated sheen, the matte version (from the aptly-named
And paler shades can be so difficult to get right – if the texture of the lipstick is too sheer and juicy then your natural, darker lip colour tends to show through and it looks patchy. Too matte a finish and the lips look dead, or as though they’ve been plastered in chalky concealer. Too waxy a lipstick texture and the effect is almost grotesque – a thick, clay-like coating that looks like two plasticine sausages rather than human lips.
None of these problems with the new
One of the greatest appeals of this Jumbo Crayon is the fact I can use it as liner
(I make it sound as though I throw things into my makeup bag frequently, like one of those power players in the movies who rushes about in stilettos shouting at the children to eat their cereal because she needs to be at the White House press briefing in minus three minutes. In fact I don’t leave the house at all more than about four times a week, and that’s only if I’ve run out of crumpets, but I like to imagine.)
The only snag with this luxury lip wonder? The Jumbo Crayon doesn’t seem to ever fully set. It doesn’t smear around like sauce on an uncooked pizza base, but neither does it hold fast like one of those 24-hour stay-put jobs that need a blowtorch to remove them. Personally, I never feel the need for such levels of indestructibility and so the slight movement in this one isn’t a problem, but those looking for semi-permanence may wish to look elsewhere.
You can find the new Chanel Jumbo Longwear Matte Lip Crayon online at Feelunique
I had no idea what to call this week’s video – it’s such a jumble of reviews and demos – and so I pulled out the two features I thought might be of the most interest. Some new Chanel makeup bits (from the recently launched AW18 collection) and a foundation for supremely glowy skin. And thus the world’s most profoundly interesting video title was born;
All silliness aside, there are some real makeup gems in this one, especially if you don’t like to layer on a lot of product. The PUR Hydrafluid Foundation is really lovely and the Chanel Les Beiges powder is a brilliant barely-there bronzer for those who just like a touch of colour. I actually wanted to do a standalone review of the PUR foundation but stocks online seem to be very limited, as does the shade range, so I’m shelving that idea until I have more info.
As an aside, Clarins have just launched something incredibly similar; the new
There’s a full review coming up shortly, but would anyone be interested in watching very short, snappy Youtube video foundation reviews too? Just one product at a time? Do let me know; it always feels a little bit “niche” to just talk about a single product for minutes on end but I’m sure that people looking for foundation recommendations on Youtube would find them really useful…
I’m rambling. Watch the video for a little peek at some Chanel AW18 makeup (again, if you’d like a more comprehensive video review of the collection then register your interest in the comments below) as well as a concealer demo and a mascara that’ll make you throw out your false lashes…
Isle of Paradise light drops, £13.30*:
MUJI Moisturising Milk:
Charlotte Tilbury Flawless Filter, shade 3*:
PUR Water Serum Foundation, shade Light*:
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Sheer Powder, shade 30*:
Bare Minerals Blush in Bellini Brunch*:
Trish McEvoy Correct and Even Full Face Perfector*:
Dior Pump n Volume Mascara*:
L’Oreal Colour Riche Shine in 658*:
Chanel Eyeshadow Quad in Clair Obscur*:
Chanel Jumbo Crayon Mat in Discretion*:
Cardigan is from QED London – I bought it from a local shop, and I can’t for the life of me find it online!!! So sorry to those who continued watching just to find out, what a let-down! *inserts laughing emoji*
Click play to find out which beauty products I’ve been using most frequently this month – if you want the spoiler list then it’s below the video pane. I know that some of you secretly read my words when you’re at work and can’t play the videos, or browse through when you’re feeding your baby in the middle of the night, or catch up on posts when you’re on the train and don’t have your headphones. (Isn’t it so embarrassing when you’re scrolling through Instagram and then a video suddenly plays and you’re in a packed-yet-eerily-silent train carriage?) So this spoiler list is really for you – the skulkers and the night-dwellers and the people who can’t stand the sound of my voice…
This Works No Wrinkles Night Repair*:
La Roche-Posay Anthelios XL SPF 50,
Charlotte Tilbury Flawless Filter, shade 3*:
Kiehl’s Clearly Corrective Treatment Water*:
DCL Peptide Eye Cream*:
This Eucerin Eye Cream has been mentioned many times over the past couple of years, but it’s never had its own review page. And seeing as though it can be relatively difficult to find good eye products with added sunscreen, I thought that it would be handy to have a proper review in one, easy-reference location.
So here it is, the Eucerin Hyaluron Filler Eye Cream SPF15. A rich and robust-feeling cream that really hydrates but doesn’t leave the skin too oily for makeup application. Considering that the undereyes are a Designated Area of Potential Catastrophe when it comes to makeup application (concealer sitting in creases, mascaras smudging, wrinkles accentuated by over-enthusiastic loading-on of highlighter) you really do want an eye cream that sits well as a sturdy, non-slip base. And some eye creams just
Eucerin’s Hyaluron Filler keeps the skin hydrated via our good old friend hyaluronic acid, but it also uses an ingredient called Glycine Saponin which has been shown to be very effective at stimulating the skin’s own hyaluronic acid production. So there’s the instant hydration fix, which makes everything look that bit fresher and firmer, but also a sort of “behind the scenes” activity going on – boosting the skin’s own hydrating capabilities.
On a very basic level, though, this is a no-frills eye cream that doesn’t sting, isn’t greasy and has reasonably long-lasting hydrating effects. It has a broad spectrum (UVA and UVB) SPF 15, which isn’t the highest level of protection by any means, but I see it as a bonus rather than something I’d be relying on for beach days or long spells of outdoor activity. (Moi? Long spells of outdoor activity? Just the word
If you find that lots of sunscreen products make your eyes water then this is an excellent option and it doesn’t cost the earth. Sensible tube packaging, fragrance free, it’s a hard-working choice for daytime that won’t mess with your makeup.
Find it at Escentual.com
It’s been over a year since my first (and last)
But let’s move quickly away from my inadequacies and into the glorious land of skincare; this post is all about what I’m currently using on my face. As with the
I’d say that the most notable features in this skincare video are: 1) the guilty admission that I don’t do two lengthy cleanses a day and 2) the regular use of retinols into my evening routine.
If you’re feeling itchy over the idea that I don’t do a proper morning face cleanse then let me expand on my statement and ease your potential fears: I do cleanse, I just don’t – usually – do a thorough balm-and-flannel cleanse. I rarely have the time. It tends to be either a face wash (sometimes splashed on and off whilst I’m having a speedy shower!) or, if I’m in a desperate hurry, micellar water on cotton pads.
And the retinol introduction you’ll already be mildly familiar with, if you’re a regular reader; I did a video on retinol a while back (that’s
The other – more season-appropriate – tweaks in this routine would probably be the daily use of a broad spectrum sunscreen (loads of reviews
Anyway, I could waffle on for ages but I’d only be giving you a sort of weak, hot-potch transcript of the video below so I’d recommend watching the full thing and then reading the notes further on down the page if you need more info. Of course, as always, feel free to leave questions or comments and I’ll try to get back to you as soon as I can! I currently have a dissembled Louis XV armoire blocking my way to the door and a flat-packed child’s bed leaning up against the wall behind it, so you can guess what I’ll to be doing tonight…**
**disclaimer: I won’t be doing any actual constructing, because Mr AMR holds all of the tools and I just have to pass hinges to him and look around the house for the screwdriver that’s missing from the screwdriver set and try not to pass comment on the fact that Mr AMR never reads the instructions for anything before he starts.
CURRENT SKINCARE ROUTINE FOR SUMMER.
AM
CLEANSE (usually quick one!)
SERUM (usually something antioxidant/hydrating)
MOISTURISING SUNSCREEN
PM
CLEANSE (full, usually twice)
ACID PEEL/ACID TONER
MOISTURISER
or
CLEANSE
RETINOL
MOISTURISER
__
Morning Cleansers
Garnier Micellar Water, £3.33*:
L’Oreal Age Perfect Micellar, £3.99*:
CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser, £9*:
Balance Me Face Wash, £16*:
You can find all of my cleanser reviews
Serums
Paula’s Choice Antioxidant Serum, £35*:
Caudalie Vinoperfect Serum, £46*:
£37.20 at Amazon*:
First Aid Beauty Serum, £23.77*:
L’Oreal Hyaluronic Serum, £11.14*:
Sunscreens
La Roche-Posay Anthelios XL
COOLA Classic
Clinique Mineral SPF30, £22*:
Find all of my sunscreen reviews
__
Night cleansers
PIXI Double Cleanse*, £24*:
Dr Sam’s Flawless Cleanser:
Clinique Take The Day Off Balm, £24*:
Acid Peel Pads
Zelens PHA pads, £65*:
First Aid Beauty Pads, £24*:
L’Oreal Glycolic Pads, £14.99*:
You can (usually) use an acid peel or acid toner and then retinol afterwards but, as I say in the video, I tend not to. I suppose I just don’t like doing too many things at once!
AHA acids (like lactic and glycolic) exfoliate the surface of the skin so they make it look really bright and renewed. The wipe-over-and-leave peel pads like the ones above are a really handy way of applying acids.
Retinol
I don’t know the potency of the retinol in the This Works No Wrinkles Night Repair, I just love the texture, smell and general brightening and hydrating effect.
It’s currently on sale at Amazon for £35 here*:
You can also find No Wrinkles at FeelUnique*:
The Medik8 Crystal Retinal is a new, very clever product that delivers very effective and powerful ingredients with no side-effects such as flaking or redness. This is the serious one, I love it! You can find it on the Medik8 website, it’s £59 here:
Post-acid moisturisers
La Roche-Posay Toleriane Night:
Sunday Riley Tidal Cream:
Herbivore Pink Cloud Cream, £42*:
Treat-to-self moisturisers
Darphin 8 Flower Nectar Oil Cream:
Darphin Aromatic Renewing Balm:
Gradual tanners
Isle of Paradise light drops, £13.30*:
M&S Overnight Glow Mask, £12.50*:
OSKIA Tanning Drops, £65*:
ESPA Gradual Tan Face Concentrate, £25*:
Eye creams
Pai Echium (ALWAYS! have used this for years), £32*:
DCL Peptide Eye Cream, £86 (sorry)*:
More eye cream reviews and recommendations
I feel as though I’ve almost written an entire review on this sunscreen already, but as the mentions are dotted about in different posts I thought I’d collate all of the information into one neat review.
Because this CeraVe Facial Moisturising Lotion with SPF 25 is a good one; uncomplicated, unperfumed, inexpensive and effective. Its particular USP, as with most of CeraVe’s products, is that the formula contains ceramides to help restore the skin’s own protective barrier. Ceramides are actually present in the skin already – the fats make up over 50% of the skin’s composition, according to Dr Google – but over time, the ceramides become less effective at their job. And their job is, in the simplest terms, forming a protective barrier against the outside world. Helping to keep the stuff we don’t want (eg pollution, smoke)
I wasn’t really that
And then there’s the broad spectrum sunscreen, protecting against UVA and UVB rays. All in a rather elegant lotion that’s hydrating but not greasy, lightweight but not alcohol-laden, doesn’t have added fragrance and comes in a sensible, easy-to-use pump-action tube. CeraVe say that this SPF 25 lotion is for normal to dry skin but I wonder whether oily or acne-prone skin might also benefit too. The niacinamide in the formula has skin-calming, sebum-regulating properties as well as being brilliant for helping with the skin’s barrier function, so perhaps a nice choice for those with angry, spotty skin that’s flaky and dehydrated at the same time. Has anyone with oily or spot-prone skin tried this? Please report back in the comments, I’d love to hear your feedback.
For those wondering how the CeraVe lotion compares to my “test” SPF,
You can find CeraVe Facial Moisturising Lotion SPF 25 at Boots.com
I’m being rather slow on the whole sunscreen-testing thing, aren’t I? In truth, I have made extensive notes on dozens of sun creams – all tried very carefully and objectively – but my written reviews are, for some reason, slow to materialise. Perhaps it’s because I find writing about sun protection a little daunting; I feel it’s an area of skincare that, in many ways, crosses over into healthcare – misinformation on this topic can have very real, potentially dangerous consequences and it always feels like a bit of a hot potato.
But I shall bite the bullet and get on with the show, because this Classic Sunscreen from US brand COOLA is a gorgeous option for those currently feeling hot under the collar. So to speak. As Heatwave Week 8,931 rolls on in the UK, many people seem to have had enough and are requesting beauty products that are cooling, refreshing and hydrating. “Give us gel textures!” they’re pleading, “give us jelly masks and water serums and leg cooling sprays that’ll faux-freeze us to the bone!” The over-heated screams can be heard from miles around, “I need a face mist that feels like ice, even when the bottle’s been at the bottom of my bag, temperature similar to that of a domestic pizza oven!”
So here it is, for the heatwave-haters of Britain; a lightweight, completely invisible sunscreen that feels refreshing to apply but doesn’t leave skin tight or dry. It smells of cucumber, which I don’t mind – the scent’s subtle – and the SPF 30 formula is completely non-greasy and free from any sort of chalky, gunky residue. I originally tested this one because so many readers had asked for organic suncare recommendations, but it was instantly a firm favourite, along with the brand’s Pina Colada Sunscreen Spray.
I always find the word “organic” deeply unhelpful when it comes to choosing beauty products, largely because the meaning of the word seems to be so loose and unregulated, but COOLA do use a high proportion of ingredients that are organically sourced (over 70% in this products) so well worth noting if that is a particular concern. I did try quite a few products from brands who are dedicated to sourcing sustainable, organic ingredients and this was my favourite by far.
(Though, on a sidenote,
The COOLA Classic Sunscreen SPF30 formula contains antioxidants and hydrators alongside the chemical sun filters, so despite the fresh, cooling effect on the skin, it never feels drying. Perhaps those with very dry skin might choose something creamier (I’ll put forward the
A word on the Pina Colada SPF30 Spray, which comes out of the can in a continuous, invisible mist; it’s the ultimate in convenient sunscreen application. I mean, you barely need to use your hands to apply it, unless you feel the need to pat it in after spraying. But I’m always cautious with SPF mists because I wonder whether we ever apply enough of them to achieve the stated protection level. I virtually always use mists as a top-up strategy, keeping them handy for times when I might unexpectedly be out in the sun for longer than anticipated – an impromptu pub lunch in the beer garden, an unexpected sundowner after a day at the beach, or what have you. (Ha! Like that happens.) With a mist, there’s no faffing about moving vest straps or socks or jewellery out of the way of a messy sun cream, and you can spray yourself liberally in a fraction of the time it takes to put on a lotion, but if you’re using a mist then
There’s an unscented version of the COOLA Eco-Lux SPF30 Spray, if you don’t fancy Pina Colada (I do find this scent a little less subtle than the face cucumber) and you can find both of them for £36 at Space NK
COOLA Organic Suncare Classic Sunscreen SPF 30 is £30 for 50ml at Cult Beauty
Whilst on the subject of sun protection; I am sorry to see that Avon don’t stock the
I inadvertently opened up what can only be described as a “beauty time capsule” the other day and was almost knocked sideways by the smell that came out of it. I was looking for some bikini hair removal cream (as you do, once a year if you’re me – it’s wedding anniversary time!) and stumbled upon a large plastic box at the back of the cupboard.
If you’re wondering how you can stumble upon anything in a cupboard (what cupboard is big enough to walk around in?) then let me tell you: I have the longest, scariest airing cupboard in the whole of England. I think it must have been part of the bathroom at one point, but someone put a wall across and had it made into a narrow, windowless room to hide the unsightly water tank. It’s almost impossibly thin, like a room that’s had the walls pushed in from either side and it has a tall ceiling, which makes it even weirder. I’m claustrophobic anyway, but venturing into this long tunnel of stacked-up linen sends my panic receptors into overdrive.
Anyway, I was walking the five hundred metres to the end of the cupboard, looking for my small toiletries bag that’s filled with things I don’t ever want anyone else to see, when I hit my shin on the edge of a big plastic box. And I suddenly remembered that I had packed all of my essentials and beauty must-haves into it before we moved house. That’s “moved house” the first time, to Bath, not the proper time, to the wilds of Somerset, so I’m talking about almost a year ago, here. A YEAR!
How I’ve lived without these essentials I’ll never know.
So I opened the lid of the box to be faced with this beauty time capsule; all of the things that had been in my en suite and next to the bathroom sink in our old house. Little glass bottles of face oil, carefully wrapped in muslin cloths, Fornasetti candles cushioned with dry flannels and padded with packs of cotton wool. It was actually rather nostalgic unwrapping it all and remembering how small Baby Ted was when we moved house, but I couldn’t really dwell on any of my thoughts due to the fact that I was being completely fumigated by a pot of Brazilian Bum Bum cream.
Have you heard about this Bum Bum body cream? It has quite the cult following and was one of the sell-out hyped-up beauty hits of last year. From Brazil – therefore approximately fifty times more desirable than things from anywhere else – it contains guarana, a potent source of caffeine, and is supposed to stimulate circulation and smooth the skin.
Does it?
God knows. I can’t honestly get past the smell. Only Thierry Mugler’s
I say I
And on the one hand I can’t get enough of it – it’s like the sexiest girl on Copacabana has rubbed herself against one of the lifeguards – but on the other hand, my (admittedly not very sophisticated) sense of smell is somewhat offended. It’s as though someone has sprayed Brut on a mermaid.
Perhaps, though, I should look at the overall picture here, which is the fact that I bloody
With regards to the bum-firming element; I’ll repeat that I have no idea. The cream is pleasingly rich, somehow also non-greasy, but I couldn’t quantify any actual results, especially from such sporadic usage. However, common sense does tell me that if you want to firm up your bum bum then you have to cut out the yum yums. There’s no cream that’ll do it for you – anyone who thinks that something in a pot, applied topically, is going to do any more than make the skin look and feel better is deluding themselves. And that comes from someone who wanted to believe for a
(The Clarins one is an excellent body cream, by the way, though I do think for firming the skin and making it feel altogether tighter and smoother Murad’s
Anyhow, I reckon that by vigorously rubbing in the Bum Bum cream all over you burn up about fifteen to twenty calories, which is just less than a tenth of the calories in a Mint Magnum. Twice a day, vigorous rub-a-dub and by the end of the week you (I) will have cancelled out your (my) Saturday night treat. Choc ice, guilt free! God, life is too short to be that boring.
You can find the brilliantly-named Brazilian Bum Bum cream
Let me know if you’d like a little “tour” of the beauty time capsule – perhaps I could video it?
The recent prolonged spate of hot weather has given me a good chance to do some proper sunscreen testing. I’ve tested matte ones, mineral ones, budget ones and ones that require a second mortgage; moisturising sunscreens, apply-once sunscreens and mists that are perfect for a top-up.
And how can I possibly tell one from another, you might ask? How can I possibly put that many sunscreens on and remember what the first one was like? Well, people, there’s a method to my sunscreen-testing madness, and it is this:
I cover half of my face with a “control” sunscreen. Which sounds highly scientific but really isn’t. Half of my face wears this control SPF, one that I’m very familiar with, and then the other half tests the new stuff.
This might sound utterly barmy, but it helps me to rule out weird, isolated conditions that might affect my opinion – for example, my face being particularly dry one day, or uncharacteristically greasy. It could be that a new serum is creating havoc with anything I apply on top of it, or that I’ve accidentally left a cleanser on (has happened) and my skin feels ridiculously tight and tacky. If I
And the sunscreen that I’m so familiar with that I could probably pick it out from a hundred others with my eyes closed is the Anthelios XL from La Roche-Posay. This is a velvet-finish, non-chalky sunscreen with broad spectrum SPF50 protection (UV
(Some have reported cases of “pilling” or “balling up” with Anthelios, but I’ve never experienced this and have used it hundreds of times. I do wonder whether it depends on what you apply beneath it, but then I’ve layered it over facial oils, water-based serums and heavy moisturisers without any problem. Comments below if you have any anecdotal material to share, please!)
Anyway, I’ve mentioned Anthelios more times than I talk about Mint Choc Magnums so regular readers will be no stranger to this recommendation; I suppose I just wanted to give you my sunscreen testing methodology before I began the reviews proper.
And it does speak volumes that I use this very compact, unfragranced sunscreen again and again, almost as my default product – if you have combination/oily skin then it’s a dream. My skin does tend to get a little oily in the summer months, which is why I tend to plump for this lightweight sunscreen over a much more moisturising option, especially when I’m testing, but if you do have skin on the drier side then there are some brilliant SPF suggestions coming up. (CeraVe SPF25 is notable for its hydrating-yet-lightweight formula and it’s great for itchy, sensitive skin – find it at Boots.com
You can find Anthelios XL at Escentual.com
which tickles me no end, because you can hardly get more pocket-sized and handy than the original. The no-frills, flat bottle is just perfect for holiday or makeup-bag packaging and there’s no ridiculous packaging excess either on the bottle or lid.
Anyway, Ode to Anthelios over: you can read previous sunscreen reviews by clicking
The title of this video should really be
Another of my toiletries bags has been jammed full of brushes that need cleaning, cream eyeshadows that need testing (I like to give them a few days to see if they crease in different conditions!) and a load of liquid lipsticks that all seem to be so long-lasting and pigmented I’m almost scared to use them.
Then there’s the slightly smaller bag, the bag I took away with me last week, the one that has been at least a little bit curated – that contains just one foundation (
But it’s the last bag that I want to talk about here; the one that gets chucked into my suitcase and taken back out again at the end of a trip, the one I’d grab if I was running to catch a flight and didn’t have time to pack. The one with the essentials
You can find a list of all of the products below the video pane – any questions, drop me a comment below. I feel quite divided about the lipstick –
Isle of Paradise Tan Drops
CeraVe Facial Lotion SPF25
YSL foundation All-In-One Glow Touche Eclat Foundation
(this is SO glowy but I actually still prefer their fusion ink cushion, FYI!)
Murad Cushion Blotting Perfector
Too Faced Milk Chocolate Soleil Bronzer
Marc Jacobs Bronzing Brush
Bare Minerals Gen Nude Powder Blush
Charlotte Tilbury Eyes to Mesmerise Cream Shadow
Huda Beauty Smokey Obsessions Palette
Marc Jacobs Rococoa Highliner Eyeliner
KIKO Buildable Volume Mascara
Benefit Gimme Brow
Charlotte Tilbury Lipstick
The other week I stayed overnight at a friend’s house and made the mistake, the following morning, of applying the world’s richest, stickiest night cream to my face and neck. I’m not going to say who makes it, because I used it at the wrong time of day and had I used it as intended – at night – the situation wouldn’t have been half as bad.
Actually it still would have been unbearable. I don’t know how anyone wears this night cream comfortably, unless they sleep rigidly on their backs with their faces pointing directly upwards and well clear of any surrounding fabrics (pillow, sheets) and with their hair completely scraped back.
To call this cream “rich” is to be grossly inaccurate; it’s both incredibly sticky and improbably greasy all at the same time and “rich” doesn’t quite do it justice. If you ever wanted to make your own fly paper then this cream is what you’d turn to for your coating. Although maybe it wouldn’t be the best concoction; the flies would stick but then they’d be sort of gliding about all over the place on the grease. Like a fly ice rink. Stuck fast, yet unable to stop their little feet from skating to and fro. God, that’s a grim thought, isn’t it? Imagine being glued to one of those cross-trainers, forced to pump your limbs backwards and forwards a million times until you finally die?
Anyway, I put this night cream on and instantly regretted it. My hair stuck to my face like a beard, so I tied it back. I set off for the bus stop and about eighteen different insect species flew straight onto my flypaper skin, never to escape. On the bus, various passengers became glued to my visage. And as my journey to Paddington progressed, I grew hotter and hotter and the cream began to melt. Like a joint of meat leaking its fat, my face heated up the night cream and it pooled around my nose and under my chin – I had no hanky and so made do with collecting the excess oil and redistributing it to my drier areas, pressing it on the backs of my hands and surreptitiously moisturising my ankles.
To cut a long story short, because the story doesn’t even end with washing the blasted stuff off – it lingered through two lots of cleansing balm and an acid peel – this is
But heatwaves aren’t without their drawbacks, namely not being able to sleep at night (don’t have that problem because my house is basically a giant fridge – the are walls three feet thick and the stone floors are positively icy), having to remember to water the plants and – biggest drawback – not having the energy to do very much at all.
Simple tasks such as fetching a glass of water or putting on shoes become too much effort; even going to the loo gets postponed until you’re so desperate you trip over your own feet on the way to the bathroom. Work efficiency plummets, driving becomes dangerous as you scorch your arse on the seats and try to minimise contact with the steering wheel, dressing consists of finding the loosest thing you own and adding flip flops.
So forgive me if my beauty routine, mid-heatwave, is borderline slovenly. It has to come in a spray or a spritz or I’m not interested – I don’t want to have to rub, massage or otherwise manipulate my skin when I’m roasting hot, so creams are out. (Unless applied morning or night – I’m talking about the daytime hours, here: peak sun.)
The products below are the ones I took to
Colab Dry Shampoo (obviously, because I’m a founder of the brand and I use it religiously); I took Unicorn, but really it should have been Paradise (£3.49
And it just so happens to go quite nicely with my holiday body spray of choice, Tom Ford’s Soleil Blanc (£45
For a sunscreen top-up, you can’t get very much more convenient than the Adaptasun Silky Body Mist from Institut Esthederm (£39
(Review coming up on the Coola Pina Colada spray,
And another sunscreen spray – or more of a spritz: the Vichy Solar Protective Water. I reviewed the tan-enhancing version of this a while ago (
You can read all of my sunscreen reviews
Well it’s been a while, hasn’t it? I promised a whole slew of foundation reviews on a very regular basis and there hasn’t been one since Clinique’s
But the base I’ve been using more than any other, at least for the last month or so, has been the L’Oreal Paris Infallible Shaping Stick Foundation. It’s excellent. I thought that I was totally sold on cushion foundations, that I would use them forever until death we do part and that they would have to be prised from my cold, lifeless grip. But then I realised the true brilliance and convenience of stick foundations and wondered where they had been all my life.
In fact stick foundations have been around for ages, but I’ve often found them to be too greasy. Quick to apply, easy to blend, but oily on the t-zone after just a few hours. Not so with L’Oreal’s Infallible Stick. The Stick. It’s creamy on application, slides and blends like an absolute dream but then sets into a velvety, non-greasy finish.
(Sidenote: I was testing the Barry M stick before the L’Oreal – I still need to do some before and after pics and then I’ll post a review – and that one is bordering on matte, it’s so non-greasy. Worth looking into if you like the idea of a stick but have oily skin, though I do find the finish a little on the flat side.)
So the finish is good, then, on the Infallible Stick – so is the longevity. I mean it’s not like Double Wear or one of the thicker, fuller foundations, not by any stretch of the imagination, but it’s still on after a longish day so no complaints here. If you were specifically looking for a foundation that sticks like glue and covers a multitude of sins then this one isn’t for you – coverage is on the sheerer side of medium, unless you build it up (see notes below) – but if you want absolute convenience and a blendable, flexible sort of formula that looks non-cakey but stays in place then read on.
Because it’s the convenience factor that wins, for me: take the lid off the stick, draw it on (I do cat whiskers out from my nose, one dod on the end of my nose, one on my chin, one on my forehead and then blend with a
Enough of my nattering: here’s the before and after comparison.
I find it almost unbearable that I’m covered in face cream on the before shot, because it makes me look like such a tool, but it would feel disingenuous to crop out the white streaks. Honestly, what a plonker. Anyway, hopefully that doesn’t distract you too much and you can note the difference before and after application – redness around the nose knocked back, circles subtly reduced, a general smoothness to the overall tone. Here are the close-ups:
You can see that the coverage here is relatively sheer, but there’s an evenness to the finish that’s impressive after such a light application. Although I think it’s easier to see it on the zoomed-out photos, as the little red blemish marks on my cheek are quite distracting. Maybe not as distracting as the blobs of face cream (for God’s sake!), but still.
If you did a full face, built it up properly, you could get a very perfected result, but that goes against my reasons for using this stick. I use it because it’s quick. It blends easily. If I want to faff about for ages getting the ultimate Instagram Face then I would probably use my
As it stands, if I’m just doing a normal day, and I’m not on camera or appearing at an event or doing something where people will take photos of me without realising (and I’m
You can find the Infallible Shaping Stick Foundation at
Please note: I am part of the L’Oreal Beauty Squad, but content associated with that role is always very clearly marked “AD”. Any other inclusion is purely editorial and unsponsored.
It seems like only yesterday, but it’s actually a whole year since I wrote my post on the Anne Sémonin made-to-measure skincare routine I had been prescribed. You can read about that
I still – despite having a million other things to test – use the Anne Sémonin
And so I was delighted when Anne Sémonin asked me to write about summer skin prep – they have loads of beautiful products for face and body that really do help to get your skin glowing and smooth, and there were a few new launches that I couldn’t wait to try. Here, then, is what I’ve been up to on the summer skin preparation front – AKA
Shins covered in scales, knees rough as brillo pads, elbows capped with skin as hard as tree bark: I’ve been doing a full, daily buffing and toning routine using three key products. The first, the
Skin smoothed, I then go in with a double-whammy tone-and-nourish plan of attack: the
And I must say that I find the body oil incredibly potent – it’s almost like an all-over version of the
With the oil, I tend to concentrate on drier areas – lower legs, arms, lower back – but on tum, bum, thighs and chest I tend to use the firming serum first and then press the oil on over the top. Just as I would on my face, I suppose – it’s like a facial but on a larger scale.
Face Prep
With body prep, I seem to have adopted a full self-prescribed Anne Sémonin routine, but with face prep things have been a little different. I like to find products that can easily slip into any skincare line-up and so I mixed and matched the following things with my usual cleansers, serums and moisturisers.
I have to say that the key consideration for any summer skin routine has to be helping to protect it against the sun. Safety is the priority and soft, toned, glowing skin is a bonus. So a daily SPF, then (I’ve been using Anne Sémonin’s
The
But for a less gradual glow (and I am a fan of very gradual things – I fear instant, un-wash-off-able tans and anything permanent!) there’s this nifty spritz-on-bronze called – very simply –
Now this bi-phase complexion enhancer is absolutely
Or straight onto freshly-applied moisturiser and press in – it gives a gorgeous bronze sheen. Subtle but chic. You’re supposed to apply with a cotton wool pad (shake the bottle thoroughly before use) and swipe it on pre-moisturiser, but why waste it on cotton wool? I much prefer the direct approach!
There’s no residue with
I’ve also been spritzing a little
Ooh – I’ve gone slightly off with my order of service, here, because this should have come first, but I’ve also been using the Anne Sémonin
It’s a clay mask, but not as you know it – more foamy and light than your typical chisel-it-off kaolin affair – and it leaves my face feeling soft and deep-cleansed without any harsh scrubbing or stripping. Red seaweed exfoliates away dead skin cells on the surface of the skin and the kaolin absorbs excess oil and you can actually tweak the effects of this mask depending on how long you leave it on for – a couple of minutes will leave skin brighter and smoother, especially with a bit of a massage before you rinse off, but for a more purifying treatment the mask can be left on for up to ten minutes.
I’m very impatient when it comes to masks and I like the fact that I can take this one off early if I need to – a good massage in to get the little beads of algae sloughing away and then I’ve turned a face mask fail into an exfoliation triumph.
So there: face and body prep done. Now I need to go and do my other type of prep which
You can find all Anne Sémonin products online at their website
Anne Semonin are offering readers 25% off all Anne Sémonin products for five days! Please use code
This post contains advertorial for Anne Sémonin.
Goodness me. Can we just take a moment to appreciate the effort that’s gone into designing these Guerlain Rouge G lipstick cases? Rouge G has always been a favourite of mine, with the slide-out lip colour and pop-up mirror. It weighs about the same as a four-oven AGA, which means that you can’t take it with you if you fly EasyJet (it only leaves enough carry-on weight allowance for one pair of trainer socks and a silk headscarf, an outfit that would get you banned from just about every bar, beach and restaurant in the world) but for daily handbag adornment it’s just fabulous.
I have a few older versions of the Guerlain Rouge G, but it’s had a complete makeover and the changes to the packaging are actually rather brilliant. I didn’t think that a heavy, mirror-laden case containing a beautiful, smoothing lipstick could be improved upon but there you go – life is full of surprises. The new Rouge G has not one but
But the best change to the Rouge G de Guerlain is that the case and the lipstick are now separate entities, which means that you can refill your heavyweight, mirrored, (possibly) bulletproof case once your lipstick has run out.
Take note, luxury brands: if you are making an item with casing that weighs the same as small planet, whether it’s a compact or a lipstick or a body cream, make it refillable. Make it something we can use until we’re seventy and then pass down to someone else – make it feel precious, like treasure, and make it so that it lasts. I mean, make
Anyway, excellent upgrade Guerlain. I salute you. Not only have you made your iconic lipstick refillable, you have made me
Because now there’s a tasty little option for enthusiastic beauty gifters: pick out your recipient’s favourite lipstick shade and then spend a glorious few minutes wondering whether it would look best presented in a classy
And it’s not as heart-stoppingly pricey as I initially feared, either: the cases, which come individually boxed, are £14.50 (£11.25 at Escentual.com
Although it’s more than a lipstick, isn’t it? It’s makeup treasure. As I said, I love the idea that makeup items could become heirlooms. Pass them down, keep on using them, enjoy them as a wonderful piece of design, an accessory. Wouldn’t that be nice in this disposable world? Maybe I’m being overly sentimental, but at the very least
You can find the fabulous Rouge G cases at Escentual.com
I’m going to do a bit more of a written accompaniment than usual to this month’s “most used” video; I filmed the video at my Mum’s whilst enduring a minor hangover (two glasses of prosecco, rock and roll) and there were some important things I forgot to talk about.
Like the fact that
I also forgot to mention that Superdrug’s
I used that makeup remover almost daily, last month, which was how it made it into my top five most-used: possibly the
And if I had to tot up the evenings I used Medik-8’s brilliant
Finally, I’ve just managed to empty my
Darphin have two brand new additions to their Lumiere Essentielle skincare range and they are absolutely gorgeous. Luxe-feeling, sweet-smelling and perfect for the summer months. There’s a micellar cleanser, light in texture but rich in beautiful essential oils, and a duo of masks that purify and then illuminate the skin in just ten minutes.
I’m already a big fan of the Lumiere Essentielle range; it’s a very clever one, I think, because it champions the gorgeous oil blends that Darphin is so famous for but presents them in lighter, fresher textures. For anyone who has the fear of using oils or balms, thinking that they’ll be heavy or perhaps clogging on their skin, this range provides some (very decadent and fragrant!) reassurance.
Take the
Then there’s an
All of the products have the sort of uplifting feel to them that makes your beauty routine a joy to carry out – they feel energising, brightening and deeply hydrating. It helps, I suppose, that the chosen Essential Oil Elixir to compliment the Lumiere Essentielle range is Tangerine; it’s one of my all-time favourites with its zingy, citrussy notes.
I feel sprightly and summery just writing about this range!
So more of an introduction, then, to the brand new products. The Micellar Cleanser first, as I suppose it should be if we were going by order of appearance. This is a fresh gel that transforms to a silky oil when you start to massage it in on dry skin. (Make sure that skin
The
It’s a very spa-like concept, using one mask after another and I do like that both products are presented together. The first de-clogs and helps to refine skin texture and then the second boosts moisture and radiance; so many facials I’ve had follow this sort of trajectory. But the kaolin-based Instant Purifying Mask is such a lovely surprise in that it doesn’t require a chisel to remove it; my skin didn’t feel at all stripped after rinsing it off. I’ve been so caught up in the purifying clay idea that I’ve only just read up about the other benefits of this one: algae extract to help with radiance and botanical root extract to nourish the skin. It certainly does feel more comforting than most clay masks I’ve used…
And the feeling of the very cool, fresh gel mask afterwards is fabulous; the
I’ve been layering up the serum, elixir and oil gel-cream after removing the masks, but I should warn you that it creates a
You can find all of the Darphin Lumiere Essentielle range
This post contains paid-for advertorial with Darphin.
I picked up this not-insubstantial bottle of face-cleansing oil for two pounds. Two pounds! Granted, it was on offer (this was last year, I’ve never seen it as cheap since) but even at the full retail price of £6.99, it’s still quite the bargain.
I’m not sure what to say about
Not that I’m throwing any kind of shade on more expensive cleansing oils; there are some absolutely beautiful ones with gorgeous blends of essential oils and added bells and whistles that make the task of taking your makeup off an utter joy. But if you’re looking after the pennies and want something straightforward without any frills, I can tell you that the Simple oil does the job just fine.
It doesn’t sting my eyes, which is a massive cleanser bonus point in my book; I want to be able to massage it in all over and break down my mascara and liner so that it smears down my cheeks and I look like Alice Cooper. Easily pleased, me.
The Hydrating Cleansing Oil is also lightweight – easy to apply, easy to rinse clean. No oily afterparty but – and this is equally important – none of the stripped, tight feeling that some cleansers can leave you with.
You can find it at Superdrug
For a budget-friendly alternative (though not quite as budget-friendly as this one!) take a look at the Camomile Cleansing Oil from
Ingredients: Vitis Vinifera Seed Oil, Isopropyl Palmitate, Sorbeth-30 Tetraoleate, Phenoxyethanol, BHT, Helianthus Annuus Seed Oil, Isopropyl Myristate, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate
Oh hallelujah! (I managed to spell
Oh hallelujah! I love it when someone improves on one of my favourite beauty products. (By someone, I don’t just mean a random person off the street, obviously – imagine if Brian from Hove took Vita Liberata’s Body Blur, spent a year tinkering with it in his garden shed and then launched a new and improved (impossible, but bear with me) version, called Barry’s Body Blur? It would be ridiculous. I am, when I say “someone”, referring to the brand that makes the product improving on that very same product.)
Have their ever been so many digressions from the subject in hand in so little time? I feel as though I should just give up on this post and write about the mating habits of white-throated guenons. At least there would be a point. But let’s soldier on, shall we?
I was supposed to be praising the new
The
But it’s not that great for travelling with. In fact, that’s the understatement of the century: if you tried to check this in on a plane, you’d only have enough luggage allowance left for two pairs of pants, some strappy stilettos and a feather boa. Which, thinking about it, might not be the worst that could happen, depending on your life-stage, but for me it’s disastrous. I need at least eight pairs of trousers to accommodate my always-fluctuating girth and three shoe options for each hour of the day, to ensure that I need never hobble more than ten metres in shoes that aren’t flat.
So obviously I’m overjoyed – to cut the world’s longest story short – that l’Occitane have introduced another product to their Almond range that solves my packaging problem. It’s a body cream but
Delightful Body Balm
Same immensely pleasing smell, slightly more oomph on the moisturising front and infinitely more portable. The Milk Concentrate is about as portable as an ancient tortoise so it’s not difficult to improve upon that, but I’m glad that there’s a richer, stiffer version.
Talking about stiffer, just look at the way the balm has been piped into the pot – it’s almost pornographic, if you’re a beauty enthusiast with a penchant for untouched products. Pristine lipstick bullets and jars of face cream that haven’t yet had fingers dunked into them. Ooh err. Give me a perfect surface swirl over Ryan Gosling any day of the week.
You can find the new Almond Delightful Body Balm from l’Occitane online
Most of you know that my love affair with acid exfoliants – in particular glycolic acid – is fairly long-standing. I like the ease with which an AHA exfoliant (for that is what it is, if you want the fancy name) slips into your skincare routine and I especially like the fast, visible results. The glycolic acid breaks down and removes the build up of dead skin cells that accumulates over time, leaving skin brighter and smoother and doing all of this in a completely non-abrasive way. Bye-bye weird scrubs with ground-up seeds and bits of gravel in them, hello swipe-once exfoliants that take mere seconds to apply and are massively more effective…
Anyway, to cut a long story short: acid exfoliants, big thumbs up from me. And so when the team at L’Oreal asked me to take part in their 30 day Peel Pad Challenge I was more than happy to take up the gauntlet. Their Glycolic Peel Pads launched fairly recently in the UK, much to my excitement – I had crossing my fingers that they would add these to the UK Revitalift line-up. There are few products that can really make a visible difference in a short amount of time and acid exfoliants are, I think, one of them.
I only had two worries: one was that I wouldn’t be able to remember to use the pads every single day for thirty days. Acid peels or exfoliating products aren’t something I usually use daily – more like twice or three times a week – and so I wondered how many evenings I’d forget to swipe one on. My other worry was sort of related to this: would using an acid exfoliant every day be too much for my skin?
As it turned out, remembering to use the peel pads was easy; I just left the pot next to my cleanser on the shelf and sat my moisturiser on top of the lid so that I saw the pads before it was too late. And the “overdoing it” worry? Well, L’Oreal had asked me to take part in the challenge for that very reason – the glycolic complex that saturates the pre-soaked pads has been formulated for daily use, so you don’t have to worry about it causing adverse effects. The L’Oreal Revitalift Laser Renew Anti Ageing Glycolic Peel Pads (name and a half, that!) felt gentle on my skin but definitely didn’t feel lacking in the brightening department. There was the familiar tingling sensation when I wiped the pad over my face (after cleansing, before serum/moisturiser, easy peasy) but never any redness or tightness or feeling of irritation.
Excellent, Smithers. (Oh my God, sidenote: do you remember how popular
And so, the results of my 30 Day Peel Pad Challenge. My biggest observation was that my skin appeared to be more even-toned and clear throughout the month. Even in my notoriously dicey hormonal week there were no breakouts – I had one spot the size of a bubo, midway through my cycle, but I suspect it was caused by eating an entire oversized Cadbury’s easter egg in one sitting. (I didn’t want it to go off.) So, no breakouts, no bumpiness, and a gorgeous, even-toned clarity that made me look rather fresh and youthful, if I do say so myself.
I thought there might be redness or a bit of irritation around the nose, where I get a bit sensitive, but nothing. I followed the pads, by the way, with a retinol cream every other night, and it’s well worth noting that I didn’t get any sensitivity or reaction at all. I know that many people think you can’t use them together, but there were no problems whatsoever with this little line-up. You do have to remember to use an SPF in the daytime however – I used Revitalift Laser Renew SPF20, reviewed
Right: fancy winning a year’s supply of the Glycolic Peel Pads? L’Oreal are running a competition – NOW CLOSED – and the T&Cs are
I’m really in the mood for a bit of high-summer fragrance, at the moment. I think it’s because we keep getting these little pockets of surprise hot weather; one day it’s drizzly and grim and then the next it’s absolutely baking and you have to pop inside to put sunscreen on. Glorious. The hot bits, I mean, not the unpredictability of it all.
And I’ve taken to taking sun-naps on my front step when it’s warm. Little ten or twenty minute sessions, with my eyes closed and my back against the door, feeling the heat seep out from the wood and into my bones and listening to the bees and insects as they dart about in the wisteria.
I actually think that it was the wisteria that set off this whole summer fragrance revival spree in the first place; the smell of the blossom as I sit there in my sun-trap reminds me of how heady and exotic some of my seasonal perfume favourites are.
I’ll start with Tom Ford’s
The eagle-eyed among you will have noticed that it’s actually the new Tom Ford
l’Occitane’s
Aerin
Crikey – it seems that my sexy scents tend to come with a not-so-sexy price-tag. I must find some more affordable bits and pieces before summer properly arrives, but in the meanwhile, here’s a perfume with an even higher price-tag! Never say I don’t look after you…
Virgin Island Water
Finally, we have
It smells of sea, in the best possible way, and makes you feel as though you’ve just walked for hours along the edge of an ocean. It’s salty and zesty and brilliant and is a million miles away from your typical cologne – many similar notes, but ten times more complex. Bring it back, please, l’Occitane – it takes me to my happy place.
UPDATE: Re the high price tags issue, I have thought of an absolute bargain of a summer scent, if I can be permitted to blow my own brand’s trumpet? Colab’s Paradise dry shampoo is utterly divine; exotic, coconut-y and the fragrance lasts until you next wash your hair. It’s rather similar to Estee Lauder’s
The smell of Elnett hairspray is the smell of my twenties. The smell of my entire modelling career, really, wherever in the world it has taken me. Because I can’t think of many photoshoots I’ve been at where there hasn’t been a cloud of Elnett escaping through the door of the hair and makeup room; it’s one of the fashion shoot sensory staples, along with the sound of the clothes steamer and the frightening feeling of cold metal on your eyelids as the lash curler clamps down.
Mr AMR (who has been a photographer for far longer than I’ve been a model) didn’t know that we were shooting these pictures for an Elnett feature, but recognised the smell straight away. It’s just so nostalgic, I suppose, if you’ve worked in the fashion industry – it reminds me of those crazy, heady days in London or in Milanese or Parisian studios, rushing through the final shot with a motorbike waiting outside, ready to speed me to the airport to catch a flight to New York or Berlin or wherever it was I needed to go next.
But enough of the reminiscing; it’s not the nostalgic smell of Elnett I’m supposed to be talking about, or even the fact that it must be one of the most iconic beauty products in existence. It’s the versatility of this non-crunchy, lasting-hold spray that makes it as useful for taming flyaways as it is for creating dramatic
I’ve put together three looks – and by “looks”, I mean very easy hairstyles that I wear on rotation – for three different occasions.
You can probably tell that the first is my most casual – this is what I go for when I seriously can’t be bothered to do any hair styling whatsoever. The ballerina bun with hair scraped back tightly and any loose sections pinned up with hairgrips. Ironically, this style is the easiest to do but requires the most Elnett – because I have regrowth from my postpartum hair-loss, there’s a whole mane of short baby hairs around my face. It looks ridiculous, like I’m a dandelion, and I have to virtually lacquer the baby hairs to my head.
With a very chic, scraped-back look it’s always the flyaways that ruin the overall effect, so even if you don’t have baby hairs or regrowth you’ll need a bit of hairspray. You can either mist the Elnett lightly over your head and then pat down the offending hairs or spray your fingers and smooth down that way. The resulting graphic kind of sleekness is well worth the few seconds’ effort.
(Bag: Chanel (let’s not speak of it again, there’s a post on it
Ta-dah! From sleek and shiny to cute and wavy, I like to think that this is what I’d wear to an afternoon tea at Kensington Palace if I ever went to afternoon tea at Kensington Palace. There’s something a bit Alice in Wonderland about this whole get-up, but bear with; I’m trying not to wear jeans so much at the moment which means a bit of a departure from the norm in the wardrobe department.
At any rate we’re concentrating on the hair, here (
The joy of Elnett is that it brushes out very easily, so you can have strong hold for as long as you want it but then change your style quickly without being left with loads of crunchy, sticky residue.
(Dolls House Cabinet: Andrew Martin
And then if you want to turn up the volume and drama a bit, it’s as easy (almost) as tipping your head upside down and spraying the Elnett into your roots. Warning: this is not for the faint-hearted – you will get maximum lift and volume!
Here I’m in my evening attire (swanky drinks at a hipster bar) and I’ve gone a little bit rock and roll with the old barnet. By adding the volume to the roots, I’ve given the whole head of hair a messier look but I’ve also used Elnett on my fingertips to give a bit of definition to some of the top strands so that I don’t just look like
I’ve also parted my hair quite far down on the side of my head so that the top section sweeps across in a sort of faux fringe. It feels a bit Debbie Harry and the mussy texture stops it from looking too heavy. What do you think? Do you prefer crazy volume and a sexy bedhead vibe or the more prim and proper girl-next-door curls? I think my favourite (and this is controversial, because it’s not really showing off my hair at all!) is the sleek ballerina look. Mainly because I’m lazy and it requires no thought, but also because I like the way it makes my face look.
Favourite style in the comments below, please – you can find Elnett
(Summer Playsuit: Hush
Last week I wrote about
I won’t repeat myself; I’m merely here again to tell you about the mascara I was wearing in the photographs, which was the amazing
What the KIKO
And I don’t particularly have to want to turn the wand, either, to access different bristles for different purposes – I want one brush head that does everything. Lifts at the roots, deposits a nice amount of mascara along the lengths and separates the lashes as you pull it through. Job done.
So yes, the KIKO brush. You can’t really see it that well in the photos, because it’s a subtle sort of misshapenness, but it kind of tapers in and then out again. Like it has a waist. With a very curvy “top half” and a slimmer bottom. I didn’t notice before I started testing, but it became apparent when I almost punctured my own eyeball three times in the space of twenty seconds. (It’s not that I aim the wand straight at myself, it’s a kind of knee-jerk reaction; when my lashes sense a change in the wand shape they get feisty and I blink really hard and then the wand gets thrown inwards and all hell breaks loose. Watering eyes, mascara all over my lids, my cheeks, my forehead, possibly the wall. I can’t be the only person this happens to.)
But I got used to the waisted wand quite quickly (it’s barely a thing, I’m just nit-picking because the mascara is so bloody good) and was really quite taken aback at how brilliantly the Standout Volume Mascara built up volume. One coat gave a promising, neat sort of naturalness and extra length, a second coat really kicked in the volume. Here’s a before and after, which you’ll have seen in my eye-lift post the other day:
The standout things for me, with this “Standout Volume” mascara were a) the fact that I got extra length
So very impressive and especially for a mascara that costs less than ten pounds. Mega-volume, good separation and – I’d say – the closest thing to “false lash effect” that I’ve tried in years. The original
OK, enough of a rave – I don’t want this KIKO mascara to get all big-headed. I’ve just read, on the subject of heads, that its brush shape is tapered like that so concave area coats the lashes and the other part combs them through. Whatever, it’s working, so… bravo. No dropping, flaking or smudging and relatively easy to remove. (I just use a bi-phase makeup remover – the one from Simple
You can find the KIKO Standout Volume Buildable Mascara
OK, you have to bear with me here, because the revelation that follows is so unbelievably obvious I’m almost embarrassed to post about it. What we have here isn’t some new-fangled eye cream ingredient or a fancy, muscle-toning massage move. It’s not an optical illusion-creating makeup trick or an expert-endorsed skincare regime and it’s not anything that requires knives, needles, rollers with needles, patches with needles or lasers that feel like needles. Or knives.
It’s mascara.
Stay with me people – I told you this non-surgical eye lift idea was going to be obvious. But have you ever properly examined hundreds of close-up photos of yourself with the sole aim of working out why you look better in one particular picture than all of the others? Or spent hours focusing on one tiny part of your face, trying to determine why it seems so much more youthful when you’re wearing a certain makeup look or product?
The answer to that question is “probably not”, because I’m guessing you’re not mad or pathologically vain or blessed with unlimited amounts of time to look at photos of yourself, but one of the most time-consuming parts of my job happens to be just this: examining close-up pictures of my own face. I do it to analyse foundations (comparing coverage and dewiness and general quality of the finish), I do it when I’m trying to discern minute changes in my skin (pigmentation, redness, darkness under the eyes, congestion beneath the surface), I even do it when I’m trying to decide whether or not I like a certain lipstick colour against my skin tone.
I zoom right in on my high-res pictures, so that my pores are as huge as craters and nasal hairs sprout out from the screen like wiry black saplings (always a joy) and then I zoom back out again and look at the overall effect of whatever it is I’m examining – whether it’s a full makeup look or a complexion enhancer or just the fact that I’ve managed to successfully comb my eyebrows. And for the past week, my attentions have been focused on the eye area and the dramatic difference that various makeup products can make to the droopiness of lids and darkness of circles and general knackered appearance.
Anyway I’ve gone off piste here, because you probably clicked to find out what the best non-surgical eye lift trick was and I said “mascara” and then blabbered on about my computer, so if you’re still reading then yes, it’s as simple as that. Mascara is, I think, the best and quickest non-surgical eye lift you can possibly give yourself. False corner lashes are probably on a par, especially if your own lashes are puny or non-existent and don’t bolster up with a coating or two of tar-like lash paint, but mascara is the fastest and most faff-free method.
Really, I should just stop talking and show you the evidence, because behold:
What a difference! OK, granted on the second picture I also have lip stuff on and a bit of glow and bronzer, but zoom on in and isolate the eyes and you’ll see what I mean about instant lift:
It’s quite astounding, don’t you think? I mean, you’ve probably already realised the wondrousness of mascara and never fail to apply it, etc etc, but for those who (like me) often skip it on a lazy day,
Perhaps it’s because my lashes, when visible (you can’t even see them
And I’m questioning why – why oh why – I don’t spend an extra few minutes every day getting my mascara just right. Because it does, admittedly, take a bit of care and attention to get the full “eye lift” effect – you need the lashes to curve nicely upwards and not stick out straight, you need to have smooth, separated lashes and not clumpy, crumbly ones and you need to elongate the lash, not load it with so much tar that it looks short and stumpy.
And it’s as much about finding the right mascara as it is applying it well – you want lots of product at the root to lift the lash, so the brush or comb needs to distribute it in a way that works for you, you want beautiful separation, so the mascara wand – again – needs to be the right type for your lashes. But get all of this right and the eye-lift effect is yours – unless, as stated previously, you have mascara-immune lashes and nothing ever works for you, in which case you can earn a similar effect (or better!) by putting yourself through the torturous process of gluing false lashes on, which is, I have to say, one of my most-hated beauty procedures.
All of the photos on this page, by the way, were taken about a week ago and I haven’t digitally altered anything – I didn’t even curl my lashes, actually, which was an oversight. But I didn’t do the photos with the intention of writing about mascara or eyes – they were originally to show off a new lip product I’ve been testing – and so I wasn’t paying full attention to the lashline. My revelation came later when I was editing and realised that my eyes looked about ten years younger when I had properly applied mascara on.
So apologies if this post has been a bit of a non-entity for you – a disappointing anti-climax. There’s no secret eye cream miracle here, just good old mascara (and this one costs a tenner – it’s
So more on mascaras coming up – I have two extremely good ones that are currently going through my vigorous testing procedures – but they are such a personal thing, aren’t they? One person’s “holy grail” mascara is another’s most-hated. (My sister loves Benefit’s
Answers on a postcard along with your best eye-lifting mascara application tips. Go go go!
Sunscreen reviews: it’s been a while. Mainly because (until recently) I hadn’t been anywhere hot for almost four years. And to properly test out sun protection, to really get to grips with the texture and the effectiveness and the pros and the cons of a particular product, you need a good long stint of testing time somewhere hot enough to actually want to sit out in your swimwear.
Face sunscreens are easy enough to trial – even on the cloudy day in the UK you can wang them on and find out whether or not they feel chalky or greasy or whether they sit nicely under makeup or make you burst out into a thousand pustulous spots. But body sunscreens are a testing no-go unless you’re somewhere warm – because who in their right mind is going to spend their time basting themselves in a white, potentially sticky SPF lotion if they’re not going to be lying on a lounger in Greece/Cyprus/St Kitts listening to kids screaming/piped muzak and periodically dozing off with their face stuck to the front cover of an airport novel?
Nope, I find that I need at least a week of reliable sun to give body sunscreens a thorough appraisal, which is precisely what I managed to get at the wonderful
At a minimum it was twenty-one degrees, which isn’t even that hot (we used to go to Greece in peak season when it was thirty-five to forty!) but our private patio, which was sheltered from any breeze and made of stone, was broiling. Whoever built it must have basically copied the design for a pizza oven, because you only needed a couple of hours next to the pool (between one and three, which was when the babies went to sleep!) and you were as baked as a
I took half a dozen sunscreens with me to test and all of them were great, but the new
Now look; I’ve been a bit dubious in the past about sunscreen mists and waters and spritzes. Fine as a top-up or for a quick blast when you’re maybe-or-maybe-not going to be in the great outdoors at some point and want some sort of protection against incidental exposure. But as a standalone, full protection option? I don’t know. I just felt that creams and lotions seemed more robust. (Although P20 is liquidy and does the job like no other. So long as you don’t mind smelling like a petrol station. Another post, perhaps.)
The Vichy Protective Solar Water SPF30 proved to be every bit as robust as a lotion, although I did find myself wanting to reapply it more frequently because of my mist-and-spritz trust issues. Or perhaps because it was so ridiculously easy
And there’s another side to this sunscreen, too; enriched with beta-carotene, it’s supposed to promote an “enhanced tan”. Which I thought, at first, meant that there was a bit of fake tanning stuff in the formula. It looked like the sort of product that might have some sort of glow or self-tan added, just as a little colour boost, and after the first two days I was so bronzed that I was convinced that it was giving me a helping hand – a bit of a sneaky holiday cheat.
But no. If it’s anything doing the helping it’s the antioxidants, promoting a more even and golden colour. Whether there’s enough of that in the bottle to do such a thing is anybody’s guess, but I most definitely got a faster and more even tan on the side I used it on (my infamous half-and-half body-basting test).
And I know that “tanning” is virtually a dirty word, now, but for me it happens naturally if I go out in the sun. It’s an unavoidable process if I’m outdoors, even with sunscreen on. And anyway, let’s be absolutely honest: I didn’t traipse all the way to Greece to sit indoors with my head under a blanket. If I was to take the hardcore approach to sun safety, I would recommend that nobody had any sun exposure at all, ever, but that would make me a hypocrite. There is nothing – and I mean nothing – on this planet that I find as restorative as a week in the sunshine. The vitamin D boost makes me feel almost Godlike, in terms of energy and mood, and the beautiful light raises my spirits no end. I lie there like a giant pebble, soaking up the warmth until I’m toasty to the core. Bliss. I always wear sun protection and wear a large hat, limit my time in the sun, but there you have it: I like to sunbathe. Just a little bit, these days, and I’m like a paranoid maniac when it comes to the kids, who are basted top to toe in thick white SPF and are only allowed out when the sun starts to go down – ha! – but the sun on my body is one of my favourite things ever. I should live somewhere warmer, really.
Anyway, sun politics and the world’s longest disclaimer aside, Vichy’s Tan Enhancing Solar Water is a glorious sunscreen formula; a cinch to apply and that wonderful silky finish. Broad spectrum UVA and UVB protection, SPF30, no oily residue on clothes and a pleasant fragrance that’s not at all overwhelming. It feels far more expensive than it actually is – £19, though Escentual have it cheaper
You can find the Vichy Ideal Soleil Tan Enhancing Protective Solar Water SPF30 (if you haven’t died of exhaustion from reading the product name) at Escentual.com
Oooh – separate post on this coming up, but the swimming costume I’m wearing is a Miraclesuit. Have you heard of these? They have this intense tummy-control part so it’s sort of like spanx for swimming in. To be fair, I couldn’t handle the squeezing sensation so kept the size 12 rather than the 10, but it still worked marvels in the oversized torso region. I don’t know where it squashed the excess body to, but I was massively smoothed-out. I hadn’t eaten for about three days thanks to a stomach bug, but still – really good buy. I bought mine from Figleaves
As you will know, if you’ve been following
Since then, Colab has grown into something that I am truly proud of; we’re now stocked all over the world (US, we’re coming for you – watch this space), we’ve won beauty awards and our dry shampoo is regularly featured in magazine best-buy roundups and hair editorials.
But the latest development feels pretty momentous – for all of the hard work everyone puts in and the milestones we’ve reached, I didn’t ever think that we’d be standing in a studio with the world’s biggest girl band, watching them hold our products in their hands and hearing them talk about how much they love them…
And who better to talk about dry shampoo than a multiple platinum-selling girl band who have a gruelling schedule and no time to keep washing and re-styling their hair? Yes, that multi platinum-selling girl band is no other than Little Mix! For them, dry shampoo is a necessity and Colab’s no-residue formula means that they don’t have any white chalkiness in their hair when they are in front of the cameras or performing on stage.
I felt so proud, listening to them talk about what they loved about our dry shampoo, and I kept having to pinch myself that it was actually Little Mix doing the talking! We had a very hectic day in the studio getting photos shot and videos filmed but it was one of the most exhilarating I’ve ever had; I think it was because I was there in a completely different capacity to my usual modelling/presenting one. Although I
Here’s a video of me grilling the Little Mix girls about beauty, girl band life and the many brilliant benefits of Colab dry shampoo – I vlogged too, and that will be up in a couple of days’ time. You can find your nearest Colab stockist
Here’s a very effective and affordable face treat for you, if you’re after something light, hydrating and sensibly formulated. Suitable for sensitive, itchy or very dry skin (as well as skin with no particular complaints), CeraVe’s Moisturising Lotion comes in a whopping great big pump-action bottle (236ml) which, I’ll admit, does make it look more like a body lotion than a face moisturiser, but I can tell you that this is as brilliant for thirsty faces as it is for scaly shins. (Actually, there’s a much richer cream version that works better on scaly shins, but more of that later.)
CeraVe is a hugely popular American skincare brand, widely recommended by dermatologists and frequently topping the bestselling beauty charts. Their formulations contain a blend of lipids and ceramides to repair and strengthen the skin’s barrier, which I imagine is what makes the range of creams and lotions so popular with people who have very dry or compromised skin – in the US CeraVe has more products approved by the National Eczema Association than any other brand.
But enough reading from the “About” section on their website (ha!) and onwards to my testing results; I had been using this on Angelica’s eczema around her elbow and knee creases. It wasn’t actually the CeraVe cream that was prescribed (Boots didn’t have the right one and then I had to go back in a week and then I didn’t and then I lost the bit of paper), but I had the lotion in my stash already and it made a nice – less greasy – alternative to the Epaderm ointment, which felt like smearing on lard. Her proper, active treatment cream (Elidel, in case you’re wondering) is nice and lightweight but it’s also more of a maintenance cream, so I use it when she gets flare-ups. The rest of the time it’s all about keeping the skin moisturised, so I use a variety of things (and I’m always open to suggestions!) but the lardy Epaderm is a pain to put on and Angelica hates it. (“Not the greasy cream Mummy!”)
Anyway, to cut a long story short, I took the CeraVe Moisturising Lotion on holiday with us for her skin but then also ended up using it for my face because I’d only bought a tiny tube of face cream with me, for some insane reason, and needed something to follow my retinol treatment with. I thought at first that the Moisturising Lotion wouldn’t cut it, in terms of being rich enough, but despite its light, fresh-feeling texture, it actually really packs a punch. If you have incredibly dry, rough skin and want a heavy cream with a comforting sort of residue then this is not for you (the cream from the same range
A fragrance-free, non-fussy formulation, it sits brilliantly beneath makeup, feels immensely soothing after you’ve been in the sun and is a good neutral sort of choice if you want something simple to follow your acid toning pads or retinol cream or whatever active thing you’ve applied before bedtime.
Yes, it feels sort of weird using a face cream that looks and feels like a body lotion, but if this was repackaged (and many times the price) then it would be not dissimilar in experience to using something like Toleriane Fluid from La Roche-Posay (
So, a gargantuan amount of lightweight face cream (sounds more appealing than face
In the meanwhile, you can find CeraVe Moisturising Lotion at Boots.com
Ingredients list for the lotion: Aqua/Water, Glycerin, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetearyl Alcohol, Cetyl Alcohol, Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Polysorbate 20, Ceteareth-20, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Sodium Lauroyl Lactylate, Ethylhexyglycerin, Potassium Phosphate, Disodium Edtae, Dipostassium Phosphate, Ceramide NP, Ceramide AP, Phytosphingosine, Cholesterol, Xanthan Gum, Carbomer, Sodium Hylauronate, Tocopherol, Ceramide EOP.
Could this be the answer to (possibly) the most frequently occurring hair dilemma known to man? How many times have you heard people (including me) say things like, ‘I really want a fringe but I don’t know whether it will suit me!’ ‘I want something interesting doing with my hair but I’m scared that a fringe will be hard to style!’ ‘I need to cover my forehead lines but I look like an eight year old if I have a fringe cut in!’?
The biggest dilemma with a fringe is whether you’ll end up regretting it or not. But I think I have the answer: the no-commitment fringe. It’s basically just a new name for something that’s always been an option, but bear with and humour me: this is the ultimate fringe-that-isn’t-really-there. It’s a few wisps of hair, an amount of such insignificance that should you wish – and it’s easier if you have a bleached, wiry texture like me, because it stays where you put it – you can simply flick it into the rest of your hair and make it totally disappear.
No complicated styling techniques necessary and you won’t have to trim the blasted thing every three days – if it gets in your eyes you can easily push it to the side, but if you want it around you merely need to dry it forwards with the hairdryer, pulling it out in a stretching sort of movement with your fingertips.
The pièce de resistance, though, with this no-commitment fringe, is this: you can get away with
Queen of this look is Sammi Jefcoate, who has a blog
The downside? There still is one, because any fringe or piece of hair that is cut differently to the rest is going to have its drawbacks, namely the fact that it will inevitably do ridiculous things if you let it dry naturally. Like stand straight upwards, or curve into some crazy shape that makes you look as though you have a comma stuck to the side of your head. Yes, it takes mere seconds to pull it forwards and blast it with the dryer, but I have to then get the dryer from the cupboard (it has to be put away because toddlers love wires, plugs, anything that makes a noise) and then I have to plug it in and then I have to put it away again. It’s effort – minimal, but still an effort.
So instead I do the lazy version of blow-drying, which is just sitting there in the air until it gets dry itself, which – there’s no way around this truth – never makes for hair as good as hair that’s been blow-dried. Or styled in some way. Unless it’s long, naturally wavy and looks like Gisele’s.
Also, the fringe, however commitment-free, still sits on your face. Which is mildly irritating, as though a gnat or a small house fly is continually trying to tiptoe across your forehead without you noticing. Does one ever get used to that feeling, I wonder, and learn to just blank it out? Like people who live under the flight path and manage to blank out the engine noise of jumbo jets coming in to land? Can a fringe tickle ever become background noise?
Deep questions, people; I’d like your thoughts. I’ve tried to include some photos from different angles so that if you
Thanks, as always, to Kat at
There’s an ongoing argument about eye creams in the beauty world; some believe them to be utterly pointless and instead of making the separate investment simply use their existing facial serum and moisturiser right up to and around the eye area. Others (me included) like to use a separate cream and wholeheartedly advocate it.
I have two reasons for using a separate eye cream and the first is that I’m the sort of person who has to be told to do something in quite a regimented way in order for me to actually do it. So, for example, if someone asked me to – I dunno – clean my car (HA! Chance would be a fine thing!) then I would no doubt take a bucket of soapy water and splosh it all over with my sponge, regularly throwing out the dirty water and replacing it with clean, rinsing the whole thing at the end to make sure that the soap was all off. I’d also splosh the water over the wheels, over the front grill bit and over the windscreen and back window, using my sponge to get them clean.
Now this might sound pretty thorough to you, if you’re like me and indifferent when it comes to car-cleaning, but to the seasoned valet it would be an abomination. Because (apparently) there are separate cleansers for different parts of the car – black stuff to make your tyres all black and shiny (who has the time?!), glass cleaner, polish for the dashboard and other bits and bobs if you have leather seats, or carpets that need a refresh, or chrome trim on your gearstick knob (lol) and door handles. There are all of these different products because there are all of these different materials, which all need to be treated in a different way.
And so, in what must possibly be the world’s worst ever skincare analogy, we get back to the eye area on the face, which is thinner and drier that the skin on the rest of the face. I absolutely
So yes: I do like different products for different areas, mainly the lips (
And to go back to my crap car analogy, the other reason that I use an eye cream is that if I have dedicated products to do a dedicated area then I actually use them and apply them properly. If I was given a bucket of water to clean my car, but then also next to that there was a can of the black tyre stuff (seriously, who has the time?) and some window cleaning spray and a few different cloths with labels on that told me what exactly they were for, then I’m the sort of person who would follow the instructions and do an excellent job.
Same with my beauty routines – give me a pot of face cream and I’ll slap it on all over. Give me a face cream and a separate eye cream and – for reasons already outlined, however crazy they are – I’ll spend the extra time pat-patting the eye cream in and giving myself a nice little pep-up massage around the orbital bone.
So I just wanted to get that little monologue out of the way so that I can refer back to it whenever I’m asked whether I think a dedicated eye cream or treatment is worth the money. Now there is a caveat and that is, obviously, that it depends on which product it is. Some beauty ranges seem to just plonk an eye cream in for the sake of it and the ingredients are virtually identical to those in the matching face cream (the “matching” part should ring warning bells) but with a higher price-per-ml. I want a product that has been specifically formulated for the eye area, not just a re-potted face cream.
Of course loads of face creams and serums
It comes down to two things, for me, when it comes to finding a good eye cream: the texture must be good – nourishing in feel, but not slidey or greasy – and the formulation must target the sorts of things I’m worried about in the eye area. Fine lines, mostly, because dark circles can be camouflaged away. (And are notoriously difficult if not impossible to tackle with a cream anyway.)
I’m on a bit of an eye cream testing spree at present, so expect some reviews to pop up soon – you can browse my previously reviewed eye creams
Affordable-yet-powerful, Hyaluron Filler eye cream from Eucerin is intensely moisturising but not greasy and also has an SPF15 – £22 from Boots
I love Pai skincare’s Echium eye cream for when my undereyes feel sensitive, if I’ve been on a photoshoot for example. I apply it thickly as a mask and leave it on overnight. It’s £30
I keep coming back to the Elixir from Elemental Herbology again and again; I get on really well with the texture and it keeps my skin moisturised all day. It’s £44
A very affordable one for sensitive skin around the eyes; Sensibio by Bioderma – currently £9.86 (specific!) at Escentual
I saw absolutely brilliant results on my fine lines with Anne Semonin’s Eye Miracle – it’s very pricey indeed, but if you’re in the market for a bit of an investment piece, it’s £110
See also the Zelens Triple Action Eye Cream (
Whilst I continue my epic deliberation over whether I like or dislike Bobbi Brown’s
And I will start with the
The original Even Better foundation has a creamy, medium coverage that looks quite luminous in natural light – but a velvety, soft luminous rather than anything that could be called glowy; the new Even Better Glow has a sheer-to-medium coverage that could absolutely be called glowy. It’s a very clever little foundation, actually, because it looks so real that it tricks you into thinking that it’s one of those barely-there, juicy-skin complexion enhancers. It tricks you into thinking that it’s merely adding some polish and shine to your skin, when in fact it’s doing a lot more than a bit of basic skin tone correcting.
The coverage is misleading; sheer-ish but with pigments that are luminizing and so reflect light away from imperfections rather than having to camouflage them, meaning that the resulting finish is sheeny and delicate rather than heavy and opaque. Skin looks real rather than airbrushed – this won’t cover lots of pigmentation but it will look believable, healthy-looking and fresh.
Here I am, then, before the Clinique Even Better Glow – usual bits of redness around the nose, minor blemishes, dark-ish circles (though I seem to have caught myself on a reasonably good day!), one eyelid that seems in danger of actually folding over on itself :
And closer in, before and after – look to the chin if you want an idea of coverage level, there’s an (admittedly small!) spot there:
And then one for those who are really pedantic about how a foundation looks on the skin at extremely close range – you can see that this is smooth, doesn’t cling to any dryness and doesn’t have any oily residue:
It’s just beautiful and dewy-looking, without the oil. Actually, one of my favourite things about the Even Better Glow is that it
Which makes this quite universally appealing – those with dry skin can layer it up over the top of their serums and creams and so on and will appreciate the “hydrated skin” look, those with combination or oily skin will love the oil-free formula that has rather impressive longevity, really, considering the lightweight formula and juicy-Lucy sheen. Although I’m still not sure it’s the best choice for
I’ve just found some notes I made for this Even Better Glow foundation – I must have written them when I first tested it. Initial impressions, if you like. I wrote “
A cheat for hydrated skin. Is that a thing? Should it even be
What else? Convenient, lightweight packaging that travels well – just a simple squeezy tube with a sensible nozzle – and no scent to the product, if that’s important to you. The formula boasts longer-term benefits, including Vitamin C to help with pigmentation and brightness and sunscreen to help protect from further damage, but in all honestly I would be looking to my skincare to provide those things.
I’ve used shade CN20 here (top swatch in the photo above), but I also have WN04 (bottom swatch) and that doesn’t look too ridiculous, so I have no idea what my true match would be. Both are fine, CN20 makes me look a little bit warmer and healthier, so that’s the one I’ve been using. I suppose the sheerness of the formula means that you can be a little more relaxed with the shade (there are 30 altogether, which is great news), but if you’re wondering what you’d be and can’t get to a counter, I’ve just seen that Clinique are doing a free 10 day sample on their website
You can find Clinique Even Better Glow Foundation at Clinique,
UPDATE: at the time of writing, some shades are
Browse All Foundation Reviews
Ah, another delve into the secret world of my echoey bathroom for the
Production issues aside, I do hope that you like these “most used” vids – it’s just supposed to be a relatively informal, low-key way of showing you the five things I’ve used most frequently throughout the month. They might not necessarily be my favourite things (which does make you wonder why I’d use them so often, but let’s quickly move on) however they are the products that I’ve used again and again. For whatever reason. In the case of the Bobbi Brown foundation, the reason was that I simply couldn’t work out what an earth I thought of it – was it dewy? Was it matte? Why did it feel as though it never set? Answers on a postcard…
Anyway, here we go on another beauty rollercoaster ride – good things, affordable things, things I haven’t quite made my mind up about… There’s a list of the Five Most Used beneath the video pane if you’d like it for quick reference. Enjoy.
Frankincense Intense Lift Cream*:
La Roche-Posay Hyalu B5 Serum*:
Bobbi Brown Long-Wear Weightless Foundation*:
Magnitone Cleansing Cloth*:
My Feelunique beauty boxes video (contains ):
L’Oreal Revitalift Peel Pads**:
**please note that I am part of the L’Oreal Beauty Squad. Any work I do in relation to that role will be clearly marked “AD”, otherwise the inclusion of a product – as in this video – is purely editorial, unsponsored and unpaid.
I know, I know – two giveaways in the space of a week!
I wrote about the
So, the giveaway: Josh Wood is very kindly giving
A
To enter, just leave a comment below, making sure that you put your email address into the comment form where prompted. The online colour consultation is at Josh Wood
For full terms and conditions please click
UPDATE: and the winners of the full prescription are: Ali (ali_ward49), Imogen (imogen.roth), Kim Oggier and Shelley Taylor (shelleytaylor95). The big winner – ding-ding-jackpot! – is Gracie (grace5678), who will be trotting down to Josh Wood’s Atelier to have a wonderful hair overhaul! Well done everyone and thanks for entering!
If you didn’t win and would like to order your prescription (or anything from the range, for that matter) then I have a special code for you to use to get 20% off:
It’s valid for two weeks (so ends 3rd May 11.59pm) and can be used on any purchase over £20. This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. You can shop the new Josh Wood range
Cult Australian skincare brand Alpha-H have extended their amazing
And so my love for the whole Liquid Gold range was born. New products have been added over the years, all of them with the same powerful effects, and now there’s a marvellous eye cream too. The
I’m going to do a full review on this eye cream, because I haven’t done an eye cream post in an age and I do love anything that can help to relax lines and generally stop my face from looking like Skeletor’s. But in short, Alpha-H have packed pretty much everything they possibly can into this eye treatment – peptides for helping to diminish lines, repair the skin, firm it and smooth it, antioxidants to help protect the skin, stuff for puffiness, stuff for pigmentation… The list is huge. A whole other post.
Be satisfied, for now, with the fact that it is potent and brilliant stuff and also with the fact that I am at liberty to give away SIX tubes of the eye cream (worth £52 each) along with SIX bottles of the new look original Liquid Gold (worth £33.50 each). A total skin transformation set for six lucky UK readers. Lucky six is the new lucky seven. You heard it hear first.
To be in with the chance of winning, simply leave a comment below saying something nice or witty or profound. If you can’t think of anything, just type something like “gold!” or “me!” or “oi!” – there’s no prize for the comment, winners are chosen independently and completely at random, so all of this waffle is entirely for my own amusement.
Leave your comments before noon next Friday 13th April and six winners will be emailed by the PR for Alpha-H the following week. For full T&Cs, please click
Right, I’m off to try out something
The Beauty Easter Egg. Will it be the next Beauty Advent Calendar? Because those are now serious business, with limited edition advent gifts and gift-with-purchases flying off the shelves the minute they go on sale.
L’Occitane’s beauty egg (
All bundled up inside a cute metal egg and yours for £15. Or two for £25, if you fancy the cherry blossom egg too. You can find them online
Writing my last skincare post, the
I had merely been looking for a face cream, because I had accidentally cleansed my face with a heavy duty gardeners’ hand-wash and it was dry as a bone (seriously need to get my eyes tested; I thought it was some sort of funky organic cleanser); but as soon as I started massaging the Perricone MD over my skin, a gorgeous bronzey glow began to spread over my face and I looked suddenly quite healthy. Despite not having had more than a few hours’ sleep for three nights on the trot and living on fish and chips, cake, Coca Cola and cheddar cheese, my face had the look of someone who perhaps juiced, or jogged, or owned their own yoga mat and didn’t use it to insulate the bottom of the dog bed. It was a really pleasant surprise.
Now look; I’m no stranger to these moisturiser/tint hybrids. Estée Lauder’s
And, I think, the Perricone MD Face Finishing Moisturizer Tint does seem to have a hint more of a tint than Ginzing – I can’t compare Lauder’s version because my Mum nicked it. (There’s a common theme going on here, isn’t there?) It also has a mineral SPF (titanium dioxide) which physically blocks the sun rays – so both UVA and UVB, the ones that age you and that burn you, to put it simply – and because of the tint, the mineral sun block doesn’t seem to leave any white cast on the skin.
What it
But this is more than a finishing step; the moisturiser itself is packed full of antioxidants and (Perricone’s signature skincare flourish) fish oil-derived omegas, making it a great choice for a potent, protective day cream whether you need the tint or not. I suppose this cream ticks many boxes and wears many hats; it’s an antioxidant moisturiser, it has broad spectrum spf, it has a
OK it’s not cheap – £59 for a 30ml pot – but I see it as a hi-tech face cream with added benefits, rather than a tinted moisturiser. And, by the way, I liked it so much I came home and went to order it online (I stopped short of nicking it entirely from Mum’s cabinet!) but then realised that I had a pot of it in my “waiting to be tested” skincare stash. I can’t even tell you how chuffed I was. (It also made me feel quite shameful about just how behind I am on my product-testing duties and lack of control over my inventory. I need someone to clone my face. Or my whole self.)
As I was Googling the best place to buy the Face Finishing Tint, I saw that this product has overwhelmingly good reviews online, which is always reassuring. I mean, if I love something, I’ll always tell you whether it’s universally liked or I’m the only fan of it on the planet, but there’s something nice about having your own findings backed up by hundreds of other users.
Anyway, onwards to the next testing session – maybe I should do a regular feature – “things I found in my Mum’s (private) beauty drawers, without asking permission to look in them”. Highlights would include
You can find Perricone MD Face Finishing Moisturiser Tint at Amazon
I don’t know whether you saw me mention on my Instagram page (you can follow me
Mum enjoyed being fussed over (and also, I think, loved her transformation into a suit-wearing, coiffed-haired power-lady) and I really enjoyed being able to take my Mum to work with me. After seventeen years of being on studio sets and sitting in makeup chairs and doing my thing in front of the camera this was the first time a member of my close family had ever really seen what I do.
(Although my little sister did come to a shoot with me in the early days, she arrived to find the twenty-two year-old me in a grubby East-End studio just at the point where I was being sprayed with cold water by a fashion student to make my hair look slicked-back. I was freezing and grumpy and it wasn’t a good representation of what I did on a daily basis. Actually, scrap that, it was quite an accurate representation, but things got more glamorous over the years and are most definitely different now. The L’Oreal film set was the kind of thing you’d
Anyway, as part of the campaign with my Mum, we had to talk about beauty tips and secrets that we had passed on to each other as well as recommend some specific Revitalift products, and so as part of my preparation I had a good delve into my face cream box and decided to try something new. Or new-ish, because I’m already a convert to so many of the products in the Revitalift range, including the incredible
And there are so many other excellent choices from the Revitalift range, including serums and eye creams and moisturisers with retinol, but it was the
So to cut to the chase, I’ve been testing out the
And so I think that the Laser Renew Advanced SPF20 will pass her picky skincare test with flying colours. It leaves a perfectly prepped base over which to apply makeup, with no greasiness, but skin still feels fully quenched. A brilliant springtime moisturiser actually – great for incidental sun exposure before it gets to the proper warm months. You can find it at Superdrug
Master of the (hair colouring) Universe, Josh Wood, has just launched a brilliant hair colour range for home use. Actually, it’s more than this – the products span from root touch-up pens to colour-clarifying shampoos, from permanent dyes to special tints that can be added to your haircare to counteract discolouration. It’s all very smart because there’s something for everyone, whether they dye their hair at home or have intricate highlights or balayage done at the salon. And, in fact, Josh doesn’t want to tempt people
I’ve had experience with Josh’s haircare products before – there was
So, for example, I have my highlights done in the salon, I don’t have any greys but I
Anyway, I’ve been trying the shampoo and conditioner for blonde hair and it’s great. I often struggle with finding good haircare because my hair is fine but very bleached – rich, heavy conditioners that help with my dry ends are too heavy and make my hair look limp; clarifying shampoos that help with my lank roots are too drying on my bleached bits. It’s a problem. Not so with the
And I don’t tend to suffer dramatically from brassy tones in my blonde hair, but I do think that this
You can fill in your own consultation at Josh Wood
The entire product range is online
I was rummaging about in my office today, trying to prep for a video on a new foundation that I wanted to review, when I came across a smallish box of products, very neatly put together and stashed safely in the corner of a larger box. Obviously my curiosity was aroused, and when I looked inside the smaller box I realised that it contained a selection of beauty things that all had an ingredient in common: retinol.
Before I moved house (the first move, to Bath, not the second, to the wilds of Somerset – keep up) I tried to sort my products into little categories that would make sense when I finally came to unpack them. Things that would remind me about posts I wanted to write, or certain ingredients I wanted to test. I have to admit that most little categories have made absolutely no sense to me whatsoever – I should have slipped little notes inside with the products – but this one instantly jogged my memory.
Because I was big on retinol, last year, despite not really going about my product-testing in anything like a “full throttle” kind of way. I did a lot of reading about retinols, a lot of video-watching about them and a lot of excited imagining about what the results would be like when I used them, but I didn’t ever get around to properly using them. I was breastfeeding and couldn’t be bothered with having to add the whole retinol/breastfeeding worry to my – already quite lengthy – list of worries.
So I dibbled and dabbled but the results were so good, even from minimal use, that I promised myself I’d step things up a level this year. And now I’ve found my box of retinol goodies and I can
Retinol, in case I’m just speaking absolute gibberish to you, is a derivative of vitamin A that helps to increase cell turnover and collagen production which in turn gives smoother, clearer, more even-toned skin. It’s a power ingredient that yields incredible results and sorts a huge variety of skin issues from fine lines to sun damage, acne scars to dullness.
The drawback? Well actually, these days, I don’t really see that there is one. At least not with any of the products I’ve tried so far. With very strong, prescription creams such as Retin-A there can be quite significant side effects such as redness and peeling, irritation, dryness, and I think that’s what has fuelled a whole set of myths around retinols and how “risky” and “tricky” they are. My view of them, until a couple of years ago, was that I would avoid them at all costs – they sounded too complicated, I’d be worried that I’d over-exfoliate (WRONG! Retinol isn’t even an exfoliant) and that it would be dangerous to put my face in the sun. It didn’t sink in, despite having attended loads of science-led press launches for retinol products that explained that there were different strengths and different formulas and that the tolerance to various products would be different.
But anyway, to cut a long story short, I’ve had brilliant success with the products I’ve tried so far. The three predominant ones, I would say, are
But until then, take a look at the video to see what I’m going to be testing out next. I’ll keep you updated with all of my findings and do more videos on products with retinol if that floats your boat? I feel as though I’m slightly late to the retinol party, in one way, but then on the other hand I’m sort of glad I waited. I wouldn’t have had anything to gauge my results by before, but now that I get no sleep, am constantly worried and live on a diet of Magnums and fishfinger sandwiches, my skin has plenty to complain about.
Anne Semonin Miracle Eye Cream*:
This Works No Wrinkle Night Repair*:
Alpha H Beauty Sleep Power Peel*:
Peter Thomas Roth Retinol Fusion*:
Clarks Botanicals Retinol Rescue Eye Serum*:
L’Oreal Revitalift Anti-Wrinkle Eye Cream**:
DCL Profoundly Effective A Cream*:
Skinceuticals Retinol:
FAB Retinol Serum*:
The Ordinary Granactive Retinoid Emulsion*:
*please note that I am part of the L’Oreal Beauty Squad. Any work I do in relation to that role will be clearly marked “AD”, otherwise the inclusion of a product – as in this video – is purely editorial, unsponsored and unpaid.
I wasn’t actually intending to keep these amazing beauty boxes under wraps for quite so long – there were supposed to be lots of cheeky little hints, advance-warning teasers, annoying “I have a secret announcement coming up but I can’t tell you what it is!” videos. But life got in the way and I only managed minimal amounts of nudging and so here we are, on the launch day with a hint, teaser, annoying announcement and “reveal” all in one. (I expect some of you, if you’re anything like me, will be mildly relieved to be getting it all in one hit.)
But I digress, as usual: let’s get straight to the point. Do not buy any presents, especially beauty presents, until you have read this post. In fact, if I may be so bold, do not buy any beauty whatsoever until you have read this post. (In all fairness, the likelihood of you suddenly clicking away to buy an emergency cleanser whilst you’re madly engaged in my excellent writing is low, but just in case you have some sort of compulsive beauty-buying habit: stop. Put down the mouse.)
I have launched
Oh, I forgot to mention the baby thing! The whole idea for the boxes actually started almost a year ago, when Baby Ted was just a newborn. In my addled, harried state, I got to thinking that it would be a thing of great convenience if there was a beauty box that pulled together the kind of hard-working, visible-results products that new mums need. Skin soothers, face brighteners and perhaps something for fixing crazy, flyaway hair.
(Sadly my Colab Dry Shampoo, which is a staple for pretty much anyone with – er – hair, couldn’t be included as it can’t be shipped worldwide. But you can get it
And so the Rescue box was born, closely followed by the Indulgence version, which is basically a fabulous, relaxing treatment session in a box. Everything you need to unwind and reboost.
It has taken almost a year to put these beauty collections together and make sure that they represented what I initially wanted them to be – I do hope that you love them as much as I do. I’m going to do a full breakdown of what’s inside each box below, but if you’re keen to grab one (or two) before the rush then you can find them at Feelunique
This is the SOS beauty kit of dreams – fast-acting, hard-working products that don’t require any real thinking and are completely faff free.
I’ll start with the Balance Me
Then there’s a full size tub of the excellent
More good stuff for tired, dull, compromised skin: a full size tube of L’Oreal’s
Then for the lips, what is possibly one of the most effective lip balms in the world: Lanolips
There’s a little bonus “skincare” item in the Rescue box, and I have to say that I was sceptical about it before I tried it out. It’s the Magnitone
And then one rather spectacular product for taming wild, uncontrollable hair. (Or just hair that is normal, but you’re useless at styling it. I’m with you.) The
So, you can see that this is a brilliant gift for anyone who lacks the time to make sensible beauty decisions, or needs comprehensive, no-nonsense products that work quickly and easily. I’m so pleased with this box – it’s a proper little emergency number!
This decadent collection of luxury beauty will have you cancelling all social engagements (ha! what social engagements?) and barricading yourself into the bathroom.
Start by winding your hair into the
Then light your incredible NEOM
More aromatherapy from the brilliant Aromatherapy Associates: I’ve featured these
And then to skincare and two luxurious treats. The first is the
The second treat is the
So there: the ultimate indulgence package, worth over a hundred pounds, yours for £45. You can find it at Feelunique
Here it is, as promised, my new “most-used” category; a monthly round-up of the five beauty products that I’ve used again and again. Helpful, I hope, for anyone wanting to know what I turn to day in, day out, rather than flash-in-the-pan lipstick love affairs and impulsive face mask experiments.
It’s so difficult to narrow down my most-used products to the top five, but I’ve started being incredibly analytical about my skincare routines and (mainly due to time constraints) a lot more selective about the products I test. So, in general, testing fewer things for longer. Not that I was ever that prolific in terms of whizzing through great stacks of skincare – my face doesn’t like it if I change routine and product type too often, so I tend to have a set of staple products and then swap in some interesting bits and pieces every few weeks.
So, the top five for February. A few of them (namely the Talika and the Darphin balm) would probably have headed up January’s list too, had I managed to compile one in time, but the Cerave cleanser is a new entry and the Elemental Herbology eye cream is one that I’m desperately trying to use up so that I can start something different! Not that there’s anything wrong with it at all – you can read my rave review
Anyway: all is revealed in the video, so press play and try not to focus too much on my shoddy camera work and echoing bathroom. I’ll make sure I have a tripod next time, and I’m trying to source a nice big rug for the floor so that the sound is softer in there. It’s like an aircraft hanger, except tiled in travertine.
One for when your face lacks any sort of radiance and resembles an arid, dusty moonscape (“there’s no life on this planet, Captain!”): Bobbi Brown’s Extra Illuminating Moisture Balm. This hydrating, subtly pearlescent cream gives a nice, even glow that makes foundation look juicier and bare skin realistically dewy. It’s non-greasy and – surprisingly – not really that heavy, despite its balmy/extra name, so a great option for most skin types and a quick, foolproof way of adding some illumination without having to blend in mega-watt highlighters or strobing products. The balm (which has more of a “stiff cream” texture than an oily sort of balm) is kind of a diluted version of something like Strobe Cream (MAC) or NARS’ Illuminator – imagine mixing a good few drops of Benefit’s
I’ve been using the original version of the Extra Illuminating Moisture Balm (black packaging) for quite some time now, but it has come to my attention that this complexion-perker has relaunched with new packaging (white, but still a handy pump-action bottle) and two new shades. What was the original is now “Bare Glow” – I’d say that it’s the sheerest of the lot, with a slight champagne tint – and the line-up also includes “Pink Glow” (pictured above) and “Golden Glow”. Both of those are probably pretty self-explanatory, though I’d say that they are both a smidgen more pigmented than the “Bare Glow” – the pink tint is possibly a little cool for me, because I like to warm my skin up a bit, the golden is the perfect summer skin base.
Who is this for? Anyone who wants a multi-tasker that will moisturise, prep skin for makeup and add a touch of cosmetic radiance at the same time. It’s like a final skincare step and first makeup step in one, though my skin seems to be getting drier by the day and so – for me – this isn’t quite enough as a moisturiser on its own. In the summer, perhaps, but as it stands, I’m having to layer up a hydrating spritz with a serum and then a moisturiser and then this – do not expect dry skin miracles from it! It’s great, though, if you love the idea of a noticeable radiance and sheen but are scared about using highlighters because you’ve seen so many images of girls online who look as though they’ve held a snail race across their cheekbones. Or sprayed chrome car paint onto their skin as a finisher. The Bobbi Brown Extra Illuminating Moisture Balm will
If I were to be pedantic about it, I’d say that perhaps oily/combi skins should apply it sparingly on the forehead, nose and chin if they’re leaving their skin foundation-free, but that’s only because it might be a little
But experiment and see what suits you best. For those who have been pining for some of Victoria Beckham’s
(Before Christmas Bobbi Brown were selling a HUGE 200ml glass jar of this Illuminating Balm as a limited edition item and it was really quite amazing, especially in terms of value for money. I’m sorry I didn’t flag it up but I thought it was a permanent edition, hopefully they’ll bring it back again. It’s so heavy it makes a bloody brilliant temporary doorstop, or a weight for if you need to stop your tent from blowing away in a gale, or an anchor, if you tie some rope around the lid, or.. You get the picture. It was big.)
You can find the Bobbi Brown Extra Illuminating Moisture Balm at Lookfantastic
If you did want a
I think a lot about beauty. Which would seem pretty obvious, seeing as though I spend a huge proportion of my life writing, talking and reading about it, but it goes beyond the sort of “formal thinking” that sees me researching skincare ingredients or scrutinising the longevity of a face base. I think about beauty when I see a striking woman as I walk down the street, or hug my Mum and smell a new perfume. I think about beauty in the supermarket, when I pass a magazine stand, when I flick through a cookbook, when I sort out the laundry. It’s something of an obsession.
And I’ve noticed, recently, that although I am becoming more and more passionate about beauty as the years go by, I seem to be developing a certain amount of disdain for many of the makeup and skincare trends that are prevalent today. Is that an age thing? Or do lots of women feel the same way as me? I’m a thirty-seven year old woman with a disposable income, very little free time and a penchant for nice things that give me a lift and a morale boost when life is stressful and relentlessly chaotic. I don’t need to know “three FREE ways to remove blackheads with household objects!” or “how to apply foundation with the sole of your shoe” and I definitely, absolutely
Which brings me neatly to the new
Ultimately, it taps into who we are and what we want. We’ve got careers and passions, we are working on personal projects such as writing novels or house-renovating or building garden sheds; we make lists of things we want to achieve and keep journals where we record our progress. Some of us have families or are struggling to have families, most have been through important life changes or powerful, life-changing experiences. All sorts of things are going on, and there’s no reason why that shouldn’t be represented in the world of beauty. It’s Beauty with Depth, as the campaign describes it
Beauty with Depth
An interesting bit of background material, because I do love some stats; the You x Max Factor campaign has been launched in response to a huge global survey that Max Factor carried out, interviewing women aged 30-55 about beauty, confidence and the sorts of products and advertising that they would like to see. The results were fascinating; only 17% of the women in the study felt that beauty advertising was aspirational – only a tiny 10% felt that beauty advertising represented relatable women!
And this idea of women in advertising being “relatable” is incredibly significant, because 88% of the women believed that beauty is a combination of appearance, personality and charisma. It’s not just about looks – it’s about character, and 80% of the women interviewed said that beauty advertising didn’t represent women’s character, which they feel is a key aspect of their beauty.
And so Max Factor, in response to the survey, are completely changing the way they develop and advertise their products – from recognising that women are often incredibly busy (we need quick-fix makeup and plenty of it!) to using women in their advertising who are confident, have life experience, who feel that beauty is not just a flat image of a characterless face.
What do you find inspiring or aspirational in beauty? (Ruth’s Mini Survey time.) Does beauty advertising speak to you in a way that you like? Or do you find it flat, or condescending, or falling short of the mark? Do you want to be sold perfection, or does an appealing personality and little dose of humour do it for you every time? Answers on a postcard. You can find out more about the Max Factor You x Max Factor campaign on their Facebook page
A great surprise beauty find in
(There was also a Chanel newspaper in the press pack, which I found wildly impressive, for some reason. We’ve touched on this before, but there’s something about Chanel’s branding that gets me really hot under the collar. In my garage I have a Chanel exercise ball, in my beauty cupboard I have some Chanel cotton wool pads, in my desk drawer, a Chanel pencil. If anyone ever tried to remove them, gently or forcibly, from my possession, I think that there would be blood shed).
Where was I? Colours. They look amazing on paper, but if I try to wear vibrant things upon my face I end up looking like Bobo the Clown. And so it was a nope for the lovely green and blue eyeshadows, especially when worn in conjunction with some of the brighter lip offerings, and even the dark-teal eyeliner made me feel a bit too circus-y once I had a summery red on my lips. The nail polishes were pleasingly opaque and reasonably long-lasting – great summer shades (although be wary of the yellow one which doesn’t look too good against a pale, pinkish skin-tone) and a lovely glossy finish.
But it was the Poudre à Lèvres that turned out to be my pick of the bunch; a soft, almost weightless lip balm to moisturise and prep the lips, coupled up inside its little compact with a bold, hot-red powder to be pressed on over the top.
I love both the concept and real-life results of this lip powder, which is surprising because a) I hate mess, and the quickest and best way to apply this lip duo is with a fingertip, which unavoidably gets stained with red powder and b) I am usually all about the lip-liner, to save my disappearing lip-line, and this is an effect diametrically opposed to the diffused, blurred finish of the Poudre à Lèvres.
The finish is just so soft and beautiful. Perhaps the press release, with photographs of a hot and dusty Naples, made me unusually sentimental because I kept imagining that I was a painter pressing pigment into a canvas, or that the vivid red powder was some sort of rudimentary cosmetic and that I was a Roman maiden, painstakingly making up her face. (Blatantly I need to work more on keeping focus during work hours and not allowing my imagination to run away with me!)
The balm, which is so light and non-greasy as to be almost matte, provides the perfect base to fix the powder into place whilst allow it some movement for blending and patting out. It’s also possible to build up colour easily, creating a velvet-finish lip stain, should you want a bit more than the wash of colour that I personally prefer. It’s true that you can get a similar look by pat-patting on a matte or semi-matte lipstick, but I do think that the powder gives a less uniform finish. It’s just dusty and romantic and beautiful and I find the process quite charming.
I have
It has been rather a slow start to the year, beauty-wise; I talked at length (ish) about
And usually, in times of stress or minor crisis, I turn to beauty as my salve; tinkering with glass bottles soothes my overactive mind, swiping on lipsticks helps me to relax and tune out of the more problematic aspects of modern life. But to my great surprise, I couldn’t even bear to open a new lipstick, let alone put it on – new skincare launches lay unopened in the drawer, exciting new-fangled hair things gathered dust upon the bathroom shelf. Not only did I lack the
But then, a shining light at the end of the tunnel, because I started to get some actual real sleep and in the mornings I was able to pay proper attention to my face and now, a few weeks later, I’ve started to delve into my beauty stash and pull out some new things to play with. My love for beauty (and this is very appropriate, it being Valentine’s Day) returns.
So brace yourselves for a run of in-depth foundation reviews and lighter-hearted lipstick features; I’m currently in a passionate, week-long embrace with my Makeup Launches Bag (huge, leopard print, weighs around six kilos) and my beauty jotter pad is almost full. If you’re wondering which delights I have upon my face in the photographs here, then the list is below. Full write-ups to follow, but I must say that it’s so far so
Lips: Tom Ford Boys & Girls in Scarlett 25. £29
Base: Dior Forever Undercover in shade 20. £34
Eyes: Clarins Supra Volume Mascara in Brown. £22
Right. I promised we’d get back to beauty, after my worrying spell of brain freeze, and so please let me introduce you to the little pot of balm that re-ignited my passion for product testing. Darphin’s
On that particular week, my face was pretty done in – weather-beaten, slightly spotty from a cheese-board marathon and more than a little irritated from the frantic exfoliant testing I had been doing in the vain attempt to generate some notes for a feature on peels. (It’s coming.) A balm that dangled the dream scenario of radiant, comforted skin could not be resisted. And so I unscrewed the little lid from the cute glass jar and delved straight in.
Now listen. It’s no secret that I’m a heavy user of Darphin’s Aromatic Cleansing Balm; you can read the full review
Step forward Aromatic Renewing Balm, with its thick, dense texture and glorious blend of essential oils. You may be familiar with the elixirs from Darphin – gorgeous, dinky glass bottles of facial oil, each with specific benefits to target various skin concerns and complaints; the balm is a richer skin treat with a longer-lasting moisturising effect. The beeswax in the formula creates more of a barrier on the skin, which is exactly what I was looking for – something that would sit there and feel as though it was doing something useful.
And yes, I woke up with skin that looked a million times better – tautness gone from my forehead, weird patchy spots gone from around my chin and jawline, everything looking just that bit plumper and fresher all over. So much so that I used the Renewing Balm the following night, the one after that
Look, it’s a real treat this balm – you only get 15ml of it in the little pot and I’m almost through, thanks to my obsessive usage – but if you’re searching for something a bit special and love the aromatic side of beauty, the whole sensorial experience of massaging in a truly delectable product, stick this on your list.
You can find Darphin’s Aromatic Renewing Balm at Escentual.com
I only managed to go and film a new video, didn’t I? After two false starts (one of them was realising I’d done the whole thing without actually pressing the record button) I managed to create a short(ish)list of my seventeen most-used beauty products from last year.
As I say in the video, there’s an important distinction between “most-used” products and “favourite” products. These aren’t necessarily my absolute
I spent quite a while looking through my notes and working out which things I’d used the most – there were dozens of face creams, loads of bath oils and shower gels and washes and no less than six different foundations that I’d used on rotation, but I eventually managed to get my list down to seventeen items. (It was originally going to be ten, but then I kept seeing
Anyway, let’s get on, shall we? If you’re in the office, skiving, and can’t watch a video because the sound will come on and give you away then there’s a list of products with links (the spoilers section) further on down the page.
I’m back on the beauty bus, just about. Although I tried to film a video today and got fourteen minutes in before I realised I wasn’t recording anything… Anyway, lots of new things to test and a massive backlog of reviews that I need to write up, but before I get cracking on that I want to talk about my Beauty Brain Freeze.
Last year was a bit of a rocky one, if truth be known; I think that I lost it a bit after having Ted and tried to go back to work too soon. I thought, in my sleep-deprived fug, that I was ready for action and so was pretty much working full pelt by the time Ted was around four weeks old. Duh.
Then I decided that it would be a good idea to move house and, when the house we were buying fell through, I thought that it would be a good idea to
Then we moved to Bath, spent a stressful few months securing “dream house” and finally, just before Christmas, moved again.
During all of this kerfuffle, I developed what I can only describe as Beauty Brain Freeze. As someone who is hopelessly passionate about beauty, it was rather a surprise to find that by the end of last year I could barely be bothered to think about skincare or makeup or the latest body oil or newest facial technique. You might think that totally
But no. I kept on drawing a blank whenever I looked at anything remotely related to beauty, perhaps because that meant it was related to work and I was – quite frankly – burnt out. I know that now (especially after talking to the amazing Michelle Roques O’Neil from
And so I’m enjoying testing stuff again, I’m enjoying opening little packets and analysing the contents, I’m having a great time playing about with new makeup collections and being introduced to the latest skincare launches. The spark is back. I just need to fan the flames and we’ll be cooking on gas, baby!
This has turned into a bit of a ramble, which wasn’t the intention – and I don’t want to be the person who’s constantly making excuses, or being apologetic about there not being a post or a new video or long-promised feature on retinols. (It’s coming.) When I see other people apologising online for being “absent” due to illness or family stuff or – God forbid! – Christmas, I always think it’s just so unnecessary. I enjoy their work, so I’ll read it or watch it whenever it appears – it doesn’t impact on my life if it fails to materialise. I just like it when it eventually pops up. If I’m so relaxed about their output, then why do I think that you would be any different about mine?
Anyway, on the whole
Repeating Reviews
On the one hand it was good news, because it meant I liked something doubly or trebly, and genuinely was excited to write about it. Again. On the other hand, it was an epic waste of time and an indication that the old brain was not working at optimum levels!
Taking Pointless Pictures
I’ve basically just made you read the contents of my brain, so sorry about that. I should probably just start a journal again so that you don’t have to listen to me bang on. But now and then I feel as though it’s quite healthy for people to see “behind the scenes” – it serves as a bit of a reminder that it’s just me, here. Tapping away on my keyboard like a slightly unhinged, unkempt, battered version of Carrie Bradshaw. If Carrie Bradshaw wore Sainsbury’s tracksuit bottoms and had postpartum hair loss and had two crackling baby monitors perched on her bedside table.
Wouldn’t have it any other way.
Oooh it’s quite pricey, but what an absolute treat this is: the
There’s just something very glitzy and satisfying about its effects. It’s officially a contouring duo, but the bronzer is slightly too warm for a contour powder and looks better used in a more diffused way. At any rate, the overall result is far more beautiful and flattering than a stripe-it-on-and-fake-weird-cheekbones contouring product; applied with fluffy brushes and a light touch, it gives the most gently glamorous all-over glow.
Don’t get me wrong, I still apply the powders in all the standard contouring places – bronzer (or “sculpt” powder) vaguely beneath the cheekbones and backwards towards my ears, to the sides of the temples, beneath the jawline, highlight on the parts that the disco lights would naturally hit – but I don’t do it strictly. Or precisely. (God forbid.) I fluff it on and then sort of blend it together (
With a light dusting of Bronze & Glow, I’m suddenly a bit of a (I like to think) sultry siren who’s just returned from a couple of weeks in Mustique. I look healthy, beachy,
It’s just very impressive. The bronze is warm enough to perk up the skin and add some life to a wintery, dull complexion but it’s also excellent at creating some degree of shadow. Though – as I mentioned – not the full, optical illusion sort of contour, which will be music to a lot of people’s ears. The highlighter is a champagne shade that has golden undertones, so it works perfectly with the bronzer and looks warm and convincing rather than frosty and obvious.
Anyway, Filmstar Bronze and Glow is definitely one for the
It’s the sort of product that you’ll always want to use if you’re getting ready for a night out – a staple “special” – and it’s almost inconceivable that you’d go on holiday and leave it at home. I mean it’s virtually
Charlotte Tilbury Filmstar Bronze & Glow comes in two shade variants –
One for the Christmas list, perhaps – and it definitely looks suitably festive, with the golden packaging and Hollywood styling. If you’re into creating makeup with highly polished skin and a hi-shine finish then this one is a must – though see also the
**product in the photo is a new one, for obvious reasons. Looks a lot better than my current one, which I stood on and is also covered in jam.
The
OK, so not quite that drastic, but you can definitely feel the renewing effects of this rinse-off mask. If you’re not familiar with acid peels then don’t be (too) scared: the acids in question, usually AHAs or
And the
More acid exfoliant reviews…
How do I know that? I tried, of course! Now listen; I don’t have extremely sensitive skin, but neither do I have the sort of skin that can withstand a lengthy session with a sand-blaster and miniature blow-torch, which seems to be the torturous level that some of the very expensive clinic procedures are at. (I overheard a conversation in which one person was saying how an array of fans had to be pointed towards her face during a treatment she regularly undertook as otherwise the burning sensation was too unbearable. Seriously. The mind boggles.)
I’d say that my skin sensitivity level is about average. It’s neither tough old handbag leather nor delicate origami paper. It can withstand variations in temperature and a moderate to severe wind-speed, but it doesn’t like being scrubbed with
So believe me, most of you, when I say that you do NOT want to leave this little mask on for more than five minutes. My limit with it is three. At four I begin to experience an uncomfortable burning, at five I have the distinct urge to put my head into a bowl of iced water and at seven I’m just about running for the phone to call the fire brigade. My optimum leave-on timings, for the First Aid Beauty Intensive Peel are: one minute for beginners and those prone to a little sensitivity, and two minutes for those who like a glow but don’t want any tightness or redness. Three minutes gives me a noticeably brighter face in the morning, a more profound result than a one or two minute session, but I have to follow the mask removal with a face cream that’s soothing and calming. (
But I feel as though I’ve spent far too much time discussing cautionary tales and not enough time talking about the benefits of this particular mask; I very much like that the clay part feels deep-cleansing and the acid peel part feels renewing. Together it’s rather like the ultimate skin makeover – when I said that the Intensive Peel joined my shortlist of “fast-working, effective face masks” I was referring to the kind of treatments that give you visible, touchable results within minutes. Zelens
This is a good, reasonably affordable little peel if you want something to really blow the skincare cobwebs away but I would very much err on the side of caution if you do have sensitive or very dry skin. The acid is too powerful and tingly for sensitive (I tried it on a bit of a hormonal, weather-beaten day and it really stung around the nose and on my chin after a couple of minutes) and the clay might be a tiny bit drying for already very dry skin. Though you don’t really leave the mask on for long enough for it to “dry out”, so it’s not a huge issue…
I’d say that the main perk of the Intensive Peel is the speediness – if you don’t take long, languid baths and hate sitting about waiting for a mask to work then this is your dream come true. (If you
If you want an even easier – and gentler – peel than this mask then do try one of the wipe-on-and-leave AHA liquids. First Aid Beauty do an amazing peel pad that’s very easily tolerated because it’s reasonably mild – just wipe it on after cleansing and follow with serum and moisturiser. You can find those
The First Aid Beauty Facial Radiance Intensive Peel is £30 from Marks and Spencer
Forgive the radio silence: I’ve been moving. I feel as though I’ve said that a lot over the last few years, but I’m hoping that this will be the last time. Actually, I can tell you that it will
I want to do some blog posts on our relocation and house-hunt in the new year, so keep a look out for those. I won’t be doing a house tour because it always feels a bit creepy to be giving the world a guide to your home’s layout and contents (“hello there! Do come in – television and laptop is on your left, bag collection just to the top of the stairs!”) but you’ll see a lot of it in the backgrounds of videos and photos. So I’ll leave it up to your imagination to piece parts of it together – I couldn’t honestly be happier, it’s the house I would always have drawn if someone had asked me where I would most like to live.
Anyway, I’ve gone off piste here – I only checked in, on my dodgy tethered-to-the-iPhone internet connection, to post up my November Favourites. There are a couple of absolutely brilliant fashion buys here as well as the usual beauty – the Label Mix sweater at
Watch, enjoy, share – all of the featured products are listed below the video pane for quick reference.
Label Mix Wool & Cashmere Sweater*:
Are we still in Autumn? It feels decidedly wintery, but I’m hoping that I can still
Here’s what I’ve been using over and over again, all the way through Autumn. The things that have been stowed away – variously – in my handbag, on my bathroom shelf and in the passenger door of Mr AMR’s car. (I haven’t been doing much driving, but that is soon to change when we move to the MIDDLE OF NOWHERESVILLE.)
You can find a quick reference list of the products I’ve use below the video pane – otherwise, please press play!
Bobbi Brown Illuminating Moisture Balm
Guerlain Lingerie de Peau Cushion Foundation
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Powder in 30
Charlotte Tilbury Filmstar Bronze and Glow
Bourjois Blur the Lines Concealer
Charlotte Tilbury Vintage Vamp Palette
Marc Jacobs Highliner in Rococoa
Luxe Pencil Brush, Zoeva
Clarins Supra Mascara
Benefit Gimme Brow
L’Oreal Balmain Confession and Urban Safari Lipsticks
Warehouse Leopard Shirt
Another great moisturiser from La Roche-Posay (I already really rate the
The Toleriane range targets sensitive skin that’s quite intolerant and reactive and so the products – there are various cleansers as well as moisturisers – tend to be rather minimalist and are free from fragrance, alcohol, colourants and preservatives as well as lanolin, if that’s something that you look out for. The packaging (at least for the Toleriane Ultra creams) is hermetically sealed, so the cream inside won’t go off or become contaminated even though there are no preservatives.
Well worth a look through the whole range if you have easily irritated skin – the mono-dose makeup removers are absolutely brilliant if your eyes can’t tolerate normal formulas. They are also great for travelling as you can just take a few in your makeup bag rather than having to heft a bigger bottle about with you.
Anyway, I digress: it’s the
Because it won’t break the bank, this cream, despite being incredibly effective at soothing and comforting and adding much-needed moisture. It’s £17.50, which for a night cream that promises to actually
On that “reducing skin sensitivity” thing; Toleriane Ultra contains neurosensine, an ingredient that apparently helps to inhibit the inflammatory process that’s responsible for the skin’s sensitivity. In a bit of marketing blurb that I had ages ago, it was going on about the “cycle of inflammation”, which I
Now I can’t tell you whether that’s actually what it said, word for word, because I was too busy laughing at my own joke, which was all about the Cycle of Inflammation being Satan’s favourite mode of transport. Because if Satan rode a bike, would it not (surely!) be called the Cycle of Inflammation? The saddle would be made of a piece of coal, glowing hot, lethal to touch. Great flames would shoot out from between the spokes of the wheels as he pedalled along, the handlebars would be covered in hedgehog prickles, the bell, each time he dinged it (“mind out, Satan coming through!”) would squirt him with hot lava.
Oh Satan, Satan, on your Cycle of Inflammation. Biking along in your Moss Bros. pinstripe suit, going to your rented office where you – get this –
Back to the face cream, which would probably soothe all and any of Satan’s bike-related inflammations – I’ve tried it after a number of different peel-related mishaps, the latest of which involved leaving on an AHA mask for ten minutes longer than it should have been. I removed it and thought that my face had been put through a laminating machine, it was so tight and shiny! On with a layer of Toleriane Ultra Overnight Care (or the
Toleriane Ultra Nuit has been formulated for the most reactive, allergic of skins and so on my face, which isn’t overly sensitive but has its moments (mostly self-inflicted, see above) it’s beyond gentle. You can see the full ingredients list on the
You can find La Roche-Posay Toleriane Ultra Overnight Care (or Ultra Nuit) at lookfantastic
UPDATE: Toleriane Nuit is currently on sale at lookfantastic, £11.55
On a sidenote, if you’re looking for something very light and fluid but extremely hydrating and suitable for the most sensitive skin, then the
I have finally moved Baby Ted into his own room, which means that I been able reclaim my old bedtime routine. When there’s a baby in the bedroom, it’s inadvisable to turn a light on after they’ve fallen asleep, so activities such as reading a book – or searching for your glasses so that you can even
Along with the novelty of being able to once again use my bed as a place of leisure, retiring into it early to read or just stare vacantly at the ceiling in a semi-comotose state of exhaustion, comes the delightful realisation that I can return to my pre-bedtime beauty testing. I used to always have jars of night creams and masks stacked up on top of my book pile, waiting to be slathered on just before my head hit the pillow, and now the tower is once more building up. Teetering dangerously to one side, much to the alarm of Mr AMR, who can’t for the life of him understand why I
Top of the testing pile, for the past few weeks: L’Oreal’s new
The
For those looking for a non-invasive way to give instant plumpness and freshness to their skin, hyaluronic acid is a bit of a wonder ingredient. I’ve written about hyaluronic serums before and I must do a recap soon, as I’ve a load of new ones to add into the mix, but in short it’s a molecule that can hold up to a thousand times its own weight in water. It’s naturally occurring in the skin, but it’s always great to be able to give things a helping hand! I like to think that each one of the hyaluronic acid molecules are like nappies (not very glamorous, but bear with); they hold onto the water that comes along and then puff up and get huge and heavy. So the skin appears plumper and more lifted and – because lines are smoothed out – more relaxed.
Look, I know that face creams and potions and lotions are never going to be a replacement for cosmetic procedures, but as it stands (I may change my mind, let’s see) I’m not all that keen on needles and knives. So whatever I can pile on to make a visible difference, I’m game for. And hyaluronic acid is one of the ingredients that I see proper results with – especially layered up with other products.
But back to the
Secondly, if you’re applying it before makeup then you need to remove the residue, otherwise you’ll get pilling. My preferred way is to leave the mask on for fifteen minutes and then use a damp cotton wool pad to take off any residue, before going in with moisturiser and SPF and so on. Those with oilier skin that’s also dehydrated will no doubt appreciate the feeling that skin has been quenched but not left greasy; those on the drier side might like to layer on up after the mask has done its plumping!
You can find the
I appear to have developed a penchant for the sort of beauty packaging that looks as though it’s come straight from the set of an
Anyway it’s all very
This preoccupation with all things quirky started with the arrival of Roger & Gallet’s new
It really is quite impressive, dwarfing all other perfume bottles in my collection, and I love the stopper in the top and the label that looks a bit like a wax seal. There are a few different Extraits in this collection, each created by a different perfumer, but
The preoccupation with everything “Alice” continued with the brilliantly-named
(Perhaps I could put my hairbands in it, seeing as though I lose about twenty thousand of the things each week. Where do they all go? And pens! I’ve never knowingly finished a pen and put it in the bin, yet I buy a pack of them every few months. Where are they all, I ask you? Where?)
My Wonderland theme reaches something of a peak when it comes to Paul & Joe beauty. Paul & Joe have always had the most delectable packaging in their
(I didn’t have the eye makeup remover to hand, but I did have their new golden glittery primer. Dare I say I prefer the eye makeup remover, if you were looking to make a dive into this particular brand? I found this primer a bit too alcohol-laden and tightening (ditto that Chanel No5 Glitter Gel that looks so fabulous in the bottle) but their normal primer is a dream.)
You can find Paul & Joe Beauté online in the Amazon Luxury Beauty section
Finally, in my first little
More beauty eye candy. You can see that I’ve travelled to the sugar-coated end of Wonderland now, with some Pepto Bismol pinks, but it’s no less covetable. Take the
Silken Favours
And then some teeny tins with sweet, scented soaps. I’ve been eyeing up MOR soaps for years – they are always so nicely packaged, like little boxes of fine chocolate or expensive tea. This soapette-in-a-tin is £6, which I think makes it one of the best beauty stocking fillers that you could possibly buy.
MOR’s attention to detail is impeccable, the soap is paper-wrapped and it all just feels like the very height of luxury. You can find the MOR soapettes at Feelunique
A special mention in my Wonderland must go to Jo Malone’s
The scent inside is warm and woody and actually very sexy indeed – it’s been a while since I’ve worn something that’s had me repeatedly sniffing my own clothes throughout the day, but this one is quite addictive. It has a sharp, fruity kick against a woody darkness that isn’t a million miles away from the brand’s bestselling
And then one for the true candle aficionado; Fornasetti’s
If you’re a little bit tired and smoked-out by the deep, dark, oud-y scents that are all the rage at the moment then be comforted that Giardino Segreto is as fresh and green and lively as fragrances get. Bergamot, thyme, vetiver, maquis – it’s like a stroll through a secret Italian garden at dawn. You can find Fornasetti at Amara
I almost signed off without showing you the
They’ve really paid attention to the presentation, with each surprise wrapped in pretty tissue paper and neatly boxed in contrasting colours.
I think that it stands out as a rather good buy in what has become an absolute
I spent the majority of my allotted filming time for this
(Miss Scarlett, if you’re asking. There’s something about blonde hair of a certain length, styled in a certain way, that – when worn with a high-necked top – will
Anyway, after much ado, I finally settled on “scraped back”, which allowed me to fully concentrate on the matter at hand (talking about favourite beauty products) rather than being constantly distracted by my appearance on the camera’s flip-out screen. Because if it’s not a Cluedo character staring out at me, then all I can see is a medieval pageboy called, I dunno, Phillip.
Or a horn-player from Henry VIII’s court. Called Barrington. Or a sensitive, prolific Elizabethan poet called Randall.
There are a few rather protracted waffling sessions in this video, including one on retinols and one on shower gels that don’t irritate your private parts. I had to cut some of the more ridiculous waffles because the video was far too long but there’s plenty left in to keep you mildly entertained for a few minutes. And on a more serious note, I have found some excellent beauty bits this month – skincare with proper, visible results, an affordable nail polish with incredible longevity and an all-in-one makeup palette that (for once) doesn’t leave me cold.
You can find a shortlist of the favourites beneath the video pane, but for now – press play!
I’ve filmed a lovely video with
John Lewis had put together a really gorgeous selection of luxurious beauty products with pretty much every skincare step covered, as well as a little SOS fix for those emergency “misbehaving skin” days. Here’s what was in the line-up:
Eve Lom’s cleanser has had a bit of a facelift with this new, mineral-oil-free version. The original is a constant bestseller but the Gel Balm, with its convenient pump and silky texture just knocks that one out of the park. It does a great job of dissolving makeup, is easy to remove with a flannel and doesn’t leave your skin feeling dry after rinsing.
Essences are becoming more and more popular here in the UK; used pre-serum and post-toner (if that’s something you have in your routine) they are a lightweight way of adding in a bit of extra hydration, if your skin is feeling a bit weather-beaten.
It feels very indulgent using an essence – probably because we’re so used to the cleanser-toner-moisturiser or cleanser-serum-moisturiser routine – and even more so with this one from Lancôme thanks to its rose petal extracts and heavy glass bottle.
My Mum has been an almost compulsive user of Clarins Double Serum ever since it launched (she’s on bottle number 7243) and so it was only a matter of time before her enthusiasm for it rubbed off on me. It’s a pretty comprehensive formula that tackles dehydration, fine lines and helps to make everything look just that bit more even and toned.
The old formula had a mineral oil base, this one doesn’t, and there’s also a nifty new selector on the lid that means you can pump out a full dose or a quick half dose to mix serum into face cream, should you be short of time. (I slather on so much that I’ve never even considered halving the dose, but my Mum will be pleased!)
A lighter, more refreshing cream for morning application and a richer, more nourishing texture to use overnight. Handy, and the two parts
Fresh is a glorious beauty brand that was previously rather hard to get hold of, unless you ordered directly from their online store. Great to see it in John Lewis and great (for me!) to have the chance to test out the Vitamin Nectar range, which promises to brighten and revitalise and “minimise signs of tired skin”. It’s as though they read my mind.
Fresh have managed to make a skincare range smell so nice that it’s almost a physical impossibility not to scoop it out of the jar and straight into your mouth. (I did actually have a little try of the mask, see below, but yeah – don’t eat it!)
The
Talking of TLC, here’s the little bonus ball I was talking about at the start of this post. The Ultra Recovery Booster from Sarah Chapman, a calming serum that can be added into your face cream or applied directly to your skin. Either way, it provides a hit of essential fatty acids and anti-inflammatories that help to soothe and repair your skin. If your skin is suffering with the classic Autumn Blight (central heating indoors, cold winds outdoors!) then this is like a little bottle of calm.
And finally: the mask that looked good enough to eat, so I did actually try and eat it. Not advisable, ever, so try and restrain yourselves. This is basically why I exist, to do stupid things so that you don’t have to. Unicorn boots, lip-plumpers, hair cuts, acid peels that virtually de-skin you..
At any rate, you don’t need to eat this mask to enjoy it. It’s like pasting yourself in a heavenly citrussy jam. Which I suppose would be called marmalade, strictly speaking, but the word “jam” is so much more evocative of how this mask spreads and feels. Oh, the doldrums when you finally have to rinse it off. But at least it leaves your skin noticeably perkier – the fruit acids exfoliate away dead skin cells, bringing on a fresher-looking face that’s bright and glowy. A good hangover mask, this one. I’d say store it in the fridge, but you just know it’ll end up on toast.
Right: mini reviews over. You can watch my video with John Lewis
I’m very excited to announce that my Colab Dry Shampoo is now available at
I find that it’s particular good on my fine hair, which starts to look limp and lank about thirty seconds after I’ve washed it, but my friend Sarah is sitting next to me as I write this (shouting “TELL THEM HOW BLOODY BRILLIANT IT IS!”) and she uses it daily on her thick, dark hair. “I love the invisible finish,” she says (we’ve had wine, and I seem to have slipped into reporter mode for some reason), “most dry shampoos leave me looking like an old lady with a load of white dust on the top of my head.” She also loves the root-reviving powers of Colab – “I lift sections of my hair and spray the dry shampoo underneath, rather than having to backcomb.”
Cheers Sarah, I’ll pay you later. Hahaha.
In even more brilliant news, Colab have introduced three new scents and they are exclusive to Boots. The first is called
The next is a collaboration with Hype clothing – it’s called
Finally,
You can pick up a can of Colab for £3.49 at
It feels like the battle of the goody bags again – lots of the beauty retailers seem to be doing high-value gift-with-purchases in the run up to Christmas and everyone seems to want to out-do everybody else. I can’t remember when the last big run of GWP madness was, but I was sure that the whole thing had reached its peak – when Harvey Nichols delivered an
But the gift-with-purchase machine churns on and I can’t imagine it’ll stop very soon. Because who doesn’t like a freebie? Even when I was in my late teens I couldn’t resist the Clinique
The new breed of GWPs are slightly different in that many of them require quite a phenomenal minimum spend – £250 for the latest Space NK and Harvey Nichols versions – but they often include a list of free things that even at a quick glance add up to way more than the qualifying amount.
Take, for example, Space NK’s
In one, a gorgeous Susanne Kaufmann shower gel and luxury Rodin oil – wrapped in the necessary foil party crown!
In another, a mini facial – Eve Lom mask, 111Skin Day Cream and REN 1 Minute Facial. Others contain a mini Diptyque Figuier candle (I’d be shaking them about to make sure I got that one, ha!) or a Sunday Riley
I think it’s a marvellous idea – imagine going to a party and having one of these beauty crackers at your place setting? The party of dreams! Though I’m not sure I could be that generous – you’d probably find me in a pile of cardboard cracker debris, drinking wine and wearing a dozen party hats and testing face masks on the back of my hand.
There’s also a £50 gift card included, which is an instant reward in itself. I mean, if you were doing all of your Christmas shopping
You can find the Perfect Party Piece gift at Space NK
Space NK*
The Harvey Nichols gift reckons to be worth over £700 in value – you can get a full list of the products included on their website
There’s a full size eye cream worth £150 alone, and there are so many things packed into the bag, so I can see how it all adds up, though I’m afraid I don’t have the time or the energy at the moment to work out and write down the equivalent values of each product! (I think I did this once, it took hours but was actually quite satisfying. Those were the days.)
Again, there’s a bit of a sign-up mission going on again here – the gift is exclusive to My HN app users, but it’s free to join the rewards scheme and pretty easy to do. To qualify for the gift you have to spend £250 over at least three products in the
Harvey Nichols GWP*
After my brief financial misdemeanour the other week (see unicorn boots, here) it brings me great joy to show you two very cheap and cheerful things that might just brighten up your wintery day.
First, the “j’adore” t-shirt from Boohoo at
And to go with the t-shirt, a lipstick in the brightest, punchiest red. This is the Rouge Velvet Lipstick in shade 07 (
Possibly not the best lipstick texture if you suffer from dry or chapped lips, but if yours are generally in good working order (like a used Volkswagon Golf!) then you’ll most likely appreciate the longevity that comes with this budget-friendly lipstick. I haven’t tried any other shades, I’m afraid, because I was instantly drawn to the orange-red tone of this one, but there seems to be a lovely selection..
I have been desperately trying to divert attention away from my undereye circles by smudging on loads of eyeliner. An old trick utilised quite frequently in my more hedonistic (read youthful) modelling days, when I used to think nothing of staying out at a party until 3am, grabbing a few hours’ sleep in my hotel room before hazily piling into a taxi to the airport and boarding a plane to my next job. (Ever the consummate professional!) A bit of smudgy liner used to somehow hide a multitude of alcohol-related sins, though I suppose I had youth on my side and so the ill-effects of doing shots of tequila in a Disney-themed gay bar weren’t as apparent as they would be now. I’d imagine.
Anyway, my present self is most certainly
But despite being the actual polar opposite of a party animal, I still manage to look as though I burn the candle at both ends, and that is because I have tiny children. So I’m back to the eyeliner look, to cut a long story short, and trying to pull off the sort of careless, undone makeup that only looks good in magazines.
Until now.
Thank you Victoria Beckham for your new
One of the accepted best ways to do a smokey eye is to use a kohl pencil, scribbling generously and very close to the lash-line, and then follow with an eyeshadow powder in a similar colour to soften everything out. But this can be both faffy and time-consuming, and eyeshadow powders often don’t have the staying power of a waxier, waterproof eyeliner pencil, meaning that you get an unattractive fall-out just where you don’t want it…
So again, thank you Victoria Beckham for the Smudgy Matte Eyeliner, which is basically a liner and eyeshadow in one. Except that it’s like a super-powered eyeshadow that doesn’t shift, that needs little in the way of blending because the applicator lays it on in just the right amounts, an eyeshadow that has a universally-flattering matte grey colour that looks great on all eye colours…
Excuse the startled expression here – I was attempting to keep my eyes open for long enough to demonstrate a bit of eyeliner application. You can see, probably, that there’s only one thing that this eyeliner
Because then you get that wide-eyed look, rather than the half-done look. It’s odd how actually adding liner to the waterline opens out the eyes rather than closes them in, but that’s what seems to happen nonetheless.
But I am virtually blind without my glasses, and I haven’t seen my glasses in about two months (they were perched on the back of the sofa the last time I saw them, which is never a good place for glasses to be) and so I could be imagining the whole thing.
At any rate, the Smudgy Matte Eyeliner is a gorgeous addition to the Estée Lauder x Victoria Beckham collection and is actually my top pick from the new (ish) launch. I wasn’t massively keen on the eyeshadow quad, though the packaging is absolutely spot-on, as usual, and the lip things were not different enough to excite me…
You can find the Smudgy Matte Eyeliner at Selfridges
There seems to be a bit of a thing for longwear foundation launches at the moment, and I have a handful of those that I’m testing on rotation, but I wanted to kick off this run of reviews with Dior’s new
But it would be remiss of me to go any further with this review without first making a direct comparison to another light-as-a-feather, blurring base. I wrote about La Roche-Posay’s
So when the press material for Dior’s
Did the Diorskin Forever Mousse Foundation live up to its claims? Well I have to say that it ticks a hell of a lot of boxes. For someone with combination or oily skin, who wants good coverage and a long-lasting formula but doesn’t want to look powdery or “caked”, it’s beautiful. On application, this matte foundation is the lightest, most feathery sort of mousse – it just glides on effortlessly and blends quickly and seamlessly.
I’ve tested it for a couple of months, now, and used it (as I always do, when I’m reviewing foundations) in every conceivable way. Over rich moisturisers, light moisturisers, over primers and serums, applied with a brush, with a sponge, with fingertips, built up in layers, smoothed on in one quick go… I’d say that it’s pretty much foolproof. I’ve never had any tide marks, any slipping, any settling in fine lines or clinging to dry patches. For an oil-controlling formula (no need to powder!) it feels surprisingly comfortable on normal skin, though I’d hesitate to use it on very dry…
In terms of coverage, it’s definitely far more pigmented than Effaclar’s BB Blur, though I don’t think that it has quite the same kick of radiance. Take a look at the before and after photos:
You can see that dark circles and little areas of redness are covered quite well, although not completely, and that the final finish is very matte, but not powdery or dry looking. I’ll zoom further in:
Hopefully you can tell that the pores are very effectively blurred and the shine has been totally taken off. The overall look is far from “real skin”, but it definitely doesn’t look unnatural or stagey. It’s a soft, ethereal sort of finish – the kind of blurring veil you might get from a very good powder, like the Hourglass Ambient Light, except the texture isn’t at all powdery.
If you fancied the Effaclar BB Blur when I wrote about it last year but didn’t fall into the very restrictive shade range, the Dior Forever Perfect Mousse could be the thing you’ve been waiting for. If you need oil-control but don’t want to powder, if you want a bit of coverage but hate the feel of makeup, if you like an easy, quick-to-apply base, then I’d say give it a go.
For a creamier consistency but a more powdery finish, take a look at my Hourglass Immaculate review
You can find the Diorskin Forever Perfect Mousse online at Escentual
I’ve been back on the foundation testing train (first scheduled stop, Dior’s new
Earlier this year Rodial launched a set of very, very pigmented foundations called
I actually don’t love the Airbrush foundations themselves; I find them a little
The brush, however, is totally up my street. The bristles are so densely packed that there’s barely any flex or movement at all to the head, the domed shape with a tapered tip means that it’s possible to accurately apply concealer as well as cover larger areas of the face. It’s so firm that it’s a dream to use with cushion foundations – I just push it into the product and then sort of stipple it on – but the brush is also incredibly soft, and if you use the sides of the dome rather than the very tip, it’s easy to get a smooth, seamless finish.
The dense packing-together of the bristles means that you can achieve the same sort of airbrushed perfection that you would get from a flatter-headed buffing brush, but the tapering at the tip of this one gives far more options in terms of application. It reminds me a lot of Louise Young’s excellent LY34 brush (£24
Strictly speaking, the Rodial Airbrush brush (brush) is a bit too chunky to do close work around the eyes or very detailed spot concealing, but it’s brilliant for just about every other aspect of applying a perfect base. Foundation with an undetectable finish, concealer that sits seamlessly over the top to camouflage circles or redness; even setting powder can be dabbed on with the very tip of the brush. In one (admittedly rather expensive) go, it lays on foundation, blends, buffs, stipples, conceals and sets, which is why I’ve been using it almost constantly for the past few months.
You can find Rodial’s Airbrush Foundation Brush online
There has been a huge kerfuffle around the UK launch of
But it has now landed on the UK shores – no custom charges, no long waits on orders (though I hear there’s something of a hold-up at the moment due to massive demand) and no general sense of unease as to whether your parcel will ever actually arrive.
I couldn’t wait to see what all the fuss was about and was lucky enough to get a few minutes with the founder of the brand, the lovely Emily Weiss, who talked me through the range and left me with a bag of samples to try out. In the video below, I put all of the makeup on my face at once and tell you what I like (or dislike) about it. Pretty basic stuff, but hopefully useful if you’ve seen all of the Glossier fuss and want to make an order.
Interestingly (for me, at least) the product that Emily liked the most is definitely not my own favourite pick. I think Emily cited the multi-purpose
At the risk of spoiling the video, I’ll add that the
Right: pull up a pew, the show is about to begin. If you want to browse the Glossier site at the same time then you can open that in a new window
Glossier Priming Moisturiser Rich*:
I am delighted to announce my new role as an ambassador for online beauty retailer
But firstly, and to celebrate my new role, I have put together an edit of my luxury favourites for the
You can find my list of favourite beauty buys (and a video talking you through why I love each one)
I had to include the wonderful Hylamide Glow,
And then I’ve included the
On the treats front, I’ve gone for some powerful aromatherapy to really make the most of my relaxation time. (Ha! Relaxation time, what?) So we have some
I feel as though I’m spoiling my Unique Boutique appearance by telling you what’s on my luxury favourites list, so make sure you
Unique Boutique
I filmed this month’s beauty favourites on my new iPhone 8 and I’m actually quite pleased with the quality. One would hope that it would be good, considering the handset costs around the same as a small second-hand car, but it actually exceeded my expectations. Apart from the sound, which is very clear but a little on the quiet side – I had to ramp it right up when I was editing.
Mind you, I suppose I was filming from across the room – if the microphone was any more sensitive then you wouldn’t be able to use the iPhone as an actual phone because you’d be deafening the person on the other end! “HELLO? I’M FILMING MY SEPTEMBER FAVOURITES!”
A new – one-off – background for this video, because I was at Chewton Glen in one of the very swanky treehouse suites. I can highly recommend, especially for the outdoor hot tub, the breakfast hamper and the sound of swishing branches lulling you to sleep. Again, we’re looking at the price of a small, second-hand car, so it would have to be an incredibly special treat, unless you’re so rich that you bathe in a tub of solid gold and use banknotes as loo paper, but the setting is absolutely gorgeous – there’s something very calming about being up in the trees.
(I feel an advert coming on, re the second-hand car thing. Voiceover: “Thinking of buying a small second-hand car? In the market for a used motor? Stop! Why not spend a night in one of the Chewton Glen treehouse suites instead? Or, for a longer-lasting treat, have you seen the new iPhone 8 Plus? It won’t get you from A to B but it sure as hell takes a good picture!” Hohoho.)
Anyway, here we are with this month’s favourites – a nice mix for you, with a budget-friendly face cleansing oil and a wrap blouse that’s both immensely flattering and effortlessly glam. You can find more info and links below the video screen. Oh, and please do excuse Baby Ted and his drumming/gurgling/generally distracting behaviour: I had to have him on my lap because he’s being all (cute and) clingy at the moment. I know there’s no need to apologise, for most of you, but some people get quite cross when I’m not 100% serious and focused, so, y’know…
Hush Atlas Wrap Blouse*:
**please note that I am part of the L’Oreal Beauty Squad. Any work I do in relation to that role will be clearly marked “AD”, otherwise the inclusion of a product – as in this video – is purely editorial, unsponsored and unpaid.
Pretty self-explanatory, this video – how I style my shorter length hair. I either let it air-dry, twisting the strands every now and again to give it a bit of a tousled texture (you can do the same thing if you use a hair-dryer, too) or I wave it using a curling wand. (See post
I need to get my act together and do a post on my favourite “undone” hair products, but energy levels are at an all-time low. My current hair routine involves: getting up, trying not to die of exhaustion, acknowledging that I have hair and it is stuck to my head, going to bed.
Ha.
You can find a list of some good, no-maintenance hair products underneath the video if you click on through to Youtube. I shall endeavour to expand on it once I’ve tested out the new
There are few things more annoying, in terms of makeup application, than overdoing your bronzer. Correcting it can lead to a whole world of other frustrations, mainly because bronzer tends to be one of the very last things you apply and so taking it off means disrupting the foundation beneath it.
I quite often have bronzer mishaps, because I’m always trying new products and I tend to proceed without any caution whatsoever – open the lid and plunge right in! I’ve lost count of the number of times that I’ve looked in the mirror, hours after bronzer-experimentation, to find that I have two very dark brown pools of colour on my cheeks or commando-style stripes of contour that I’ve drawn on but forgotten to blend in. It’s a good job I don’t get out much.
Anyway, a good brush to add to your brush collection, should you have such a thing: the
Even if no real makeup sins have been committed, it’s quite handy do a final once-over with the “B03” (that’s its code name, if you’re searching online) to give your makeup a flawless finish. The Soft Complexion Brush has been primarily designed for applying and blending powder foundation, so I suppose it follows that it would be nifty at perfecting blusher and bronzer, softening edges and making sure that all of the elements look natural and fresh.
In the case of over-application, I find that the brush seems to lift excess colour without disturbing the foundation beneath it. Worth its weight in gold, if you tend to be heavy-handed or frequently apply your makeup in the dark! It has very soft bristles, meant to mimic real animal hair, but they are in fact synthetic. So a beautiful, silky-soft and non-scratchy feel, but completely cruelty-free.
You can find the Real Techniques PowderBleu range at Boots
I’ve tried a lot
I seem have two functional modes: completely hyper, highly strung, sort of like Roadrunner on speed… and then total collapse. It’s probably not the best or healthiest way to live, but it seems to be the way I’m built. I have to forcibly relax myself in the evening by hiding my laptop and forgetting where I’ve put it (I have no short-term memory left, so it’s quite easy to lose it on purpose) and the only place I truly, truly switch off is in the bath.
Now look; this stuff is pricey. But you have to think of it as almost medicinal, rather than purely luxurious. This isn’t just a crap quality carrier oil with some drops of artificial perfume added in, this is a highly concentrated blend of very carefully-chosen essential oils. Vetivert, Camomile and Sandalwood to calm, relax and comfort – the most beautiful low-key, sleep-inducing smell. Aromatherapy Associates are, quite frankly, near-genius at blending oils – everything they make does exactly what it says on the bottle, whether it’s relaxing, reviving, de-stressing or mind-clearing.
So dispense with the fancy bubbles that smell of cake-shops. If you really want a proper, effective, value-for-your-money treat, then this is it: just a capful, which is a teeny amount, and you transform your bath into a personal spa. And I know that many brands say stuff like “bring the spa home!”, “create an exotic spa in your very own bathroom!” but this oil actually does do something quite special. I used it after I had found my toddler “doing the crossword” on my new, white 1200 thread count bed linen, and my jaw miraculously unclenched itself, my brow un-furrowed, my fingernails gradually worked their way out from the palms of my hands…
Deep Relax is the one, I think, if you work too hard, play too hard, have kids too hard or are generally just alive in the 21st Century. Because it’s almost impossible to switch off, isn’t it? No matter how many times I’m told to “keep the electronics out of the bedroom”, I can’t seem to abide by the rules. If Mr AMR wasn’t an android, it would be easier, but I can’t very well leave him outside the bedroom door. Unless I put him into standby mode.
And as for “Light Relax”, the gentler version of this oil that Aromatherapy Associates make, why bother? I mean, it’s nice it exists, options are nearly always a good thing, but when have you ever thought to yourself,
Ha. I’ll shut up now.
Aromatherapy Associates Deep Relax Bath & Shower Oil is £45 at SpaceNK
If it’s pure, hit-with-a-frying-pan sleep-coma you want, then take a look at the pillow spray from
Imagine how fast my heart was beating when I received this press pack from Chanel – I honestly thought that I had been sent a special travel diary, complete with cute little double-c sticky page markers and lovely postcard inserts. After my eye-rolling over
Grown-up. Understated.
I mean, I’m not going on any travels any time soon (other than our massive family relocation, which is a
As it turned out, the Travel Diary was merely a very attractive press release – filled with beautiful photos, but nowhere for me to scribble down my thoughts about the bleak Minnesota landscape or what have you. My soul was somewhat soothed, however, by the small cloth bag underneath the press pack, which contained a selection of products from the new Autumn-Winter Chanel makeup collection.
The collection is called (you might have guessed)
I thought that the best way to review the collection would be on video, so that you could see the various products being used, but I’ll briefly pick up on a few of my stand-out favourites here, too. (You can skip straight to the video if you scroll down the page.)
I sparked up an instant love affair with the Rouge Allure lipstick in
Fabulous with a dirty, smokey eye. Or
First Light has a velvet finish (matte, but not a moisture-sapping matte) and I think it’s just stunning. I can imagine it’ll be the sell-out piece from the whole collection, because it’s one of those colours that makes you feel as though you’ve really given your makeup bag a bit of a shake up. Just one slick of this bright lipstick can update an entire look – it’s a showstopper and I’d wear it all year round.
Not all of the lip offerings did it for me – I’ve never been particularly enamoured with the weightless liquid lipstick
Actually I take that back – the
So perhaps one to test out before you invest, should you be besotted with the shade – you can actually get a good feel for how the Ink applies by testing on the back of your hand. It’s very fluid and – I think – difficult to apply in an even layer.
Moving on to eyes, and my favourite product would be the
And then there’s the
I’m showing you the “medium” version here, which is perhaps slightly too dark for me – there’s a lighter and a darker palette – but it was more the warmth of the colour section that confused me. It seemed
Chanel Travel Diary AW17 Collection (Fall-Winter 2017) is at Selfridges now*:
I was wearing Dior Forever Foundation:
Jumper is from Hush*:
About my haircut:
Applying the Rose Stem Cell Bio-Repair Gel Mask from Peter Thomas Roth is like having my face smothered in glorious, gelatinous Turkish Delight. There are few things I can think of, at this particular moment, that would be as high up on the sexiness scale as face-planting a giant, floppy slab of Turkish Delight. Somewhat niche when it comes to fetishes, I grant you, but hey – some people get off on being inside an inflatable rubber suit, others make love to hoovers. I just crave sugar and have an almost indecent passion for beauty products – it’s pretty low-maintenance if you think about it.
But
I have to say that it took me a while to come around to testing the Rose Stem Cell mask – I’m a big user of the
Well, the Rose Stem Cell mask isn’t like Aloe Vera gel at all. I actually get something of a tingle from it and after removing with a warm flannel – my skin feels revived, more toned and lifted. Softer, smoother, generally just a bit more energised and youthful. I wouldn’t say that the effects are quite as profound as those from the
The blurb online says that the Rose Stem Cell Bio-Repair mask is a
“cooling gel to help invigorate and improve the look of skin vitality. Helps to improve the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, dehydration, dullness and sagging as it strengthens and tones the look of skin. Skin is left looking silky soft, radiant, beautiful and youthful.”
I’d say that it ticks a lot of these boxes even on the first use – my skin
As for the cooling gel texture, this is one of my favourite things about the mask – there’s no wishy-washy liquid jelly here; it’s a robust gel that sticks fast to the face even if your skin is slightly damp. A boon if you’re in a hot, steamy bath or you’ve just cleansed your face (which you probably will have done) as it means that you don’t need to dry your skin first, and you don’t get runny, melted gel slowly running into your eyes and mouth.
And then there’s the smell, which is utterly divine. So long as you love roses. There’s a shedload of rose going on here; desert rose, pale rose, white rose, damas rose, rose water, rose hip seed, rose extracts, rosa cantina. I mean, bloody hell, you couldn’t pack any more rose stuff in. But each type seems to have its uses, and the promised benefits cover everything from sagging to dullness, fine lines to dehydration.
I find it impressive that the mask manages to leave my skin feeling tighter and more toned – as though it has been sort of shrink-wrapped to my face a bit – yet still nicely hydrated. It just always feels like a good all-rounder. A beautiful treat to apply on any day, for almost whatever reason. A “go-to” mask, if you want a mildly irritating media-speak phrase to pin on it.
I apply for ten minutes or so, during bathtime. I’d say “whilst shaving my legs/applying a hair mask” or some such fabrication, but the truth is that I usually sit bolt upright composing posts like this one in my head. I can’t even lie back in the bath, because it’s too big and I slide under, which isn’t ideal if I’m not washing my hair. (Luxury problems! It makes it sound as though I’m in one of those footballers’ spa-tubs, with waterjets and so on. I’m not. It’s a standard bath, it just has very steep sides and I can’t get good purchase on the other end with my feet which means that I’m constantly bracing myself for the sudden plunge. As I said, luxury problems.)
Anyway, the Peter Thomas Roth Rose Stem Cell Bio-Repair Gel Mask: great for all skin types (though I’d always check if you’re very sensitive) and particularly wonderful if your face feels hot and bothered, hormonally imbalanced and ready to scream. It’s £50 for a big pot and you can find it at Cult Beauty
I’m still keeping myself amused with the bobbly-shafted
All joking aside, I have used this tool more than any other hair wand. If you want to see the original review, it’s here – I do have a little correction to make on that post, actually, because I thought that Mark Hill had discontinued their Wicked Waver (another bobbly wand) but they’ve just changed it to a separate handle and wand combo. You can find more info on their website
Do watch the video below for more favourites and a bit of smutty chuckling as I try to remember the word for the long, hot part of a curling tong (“prong?” “shaft?”). The word I was searching my small, dirty mind for was “barrel”.
Outbound links are usually affiliate links (*), which means that I receive a very small percentage of any sale made. This does not affect my content in any way and does not cost you anything, but you are most welcome to Google the products on a new page if you prefer.
I’m partial to a bit of brown mascara for daytime makeup looks; often jet-black can look a little bold and stark, especially if I’m trying to keep things low-key. There’s nothing wrong with bold, of course, and if you want your lashes to properly stand out then black is unbeatable, but if you’re fair in skin or hair-tone or you’re going for
(Again, I’m all for “striking” but when did eyelashes become such monstrous affairs? I saw some the other day that covered – at a quick reckoning – about 40% of the person’s face! Sorry to bang on like an old fogey, but some look almost grotesque these days – like those giant millipedes that you see on wildlife documentaries. I love what false lashes can do – instant glamour and, on my semi-droopy lids, a brilliant eye-opening effect – but
Anyway, brown mascara. Quite a lot of them out there are weak and wishy-washy and completely pointless – if I’m going to take the time to apply mascara then it needs to do
Excuse weird crop on the photo – it’s so hard to take pictures of your own lashes! – but you can see how wonderfully volumising the Supra mascara is. It’s a nice waxy formula that gives instant oomph and it’s very easy to build up the layers – no clumping or blobbing. I even go back in for a final coat once I’ve done all of my makeup and clean-up and it gives a good little boost without flaking off what’s already underneath. Beautiful definition, but – as I said – a softer effect, because the brown shade just takes the edge off and makes it all a bit less punchy.

I’m on tube number three of the Clarins Supra Volume Mascara, which is something of a record – I try so many mascaras that I rarely come back to the same one time and time again. This seems to have become my makeup bag staple. You can find it at FeelUnique
You must watch this
Come to think of it, I did have almost half a can of
The final look isn’t actually that summery – I got distracted and started to do a smokey eye – but it’s a true representation of the makeup that I’ve been wearing for the past few months. As I said in the
Click play to watch me apply all of the products – you can shop the post beneath the video screen, if anything floats your beauty boat!

The new
The idea behind application is that you simply swipe on and then pat to blend out any harsh lines. Personally, I think that patting to blend makes the whole thing slightly pointless – if I’m applying three shades then I want some sort of evidence that I’ve done so. (“LOOK AT ME! I’M CRAZY AND EXPERIMENTAL, ME!”) It’s a bold look, so why not be bold? At any rate, Smashbox make absolutely beautiful lipsticks, and as the texture of the Triple Tone is buttery and gorgeous, the three shades blur into one another slightly anyway. So I would say no need to pat. But pat away if that’s what you want to do.
I’ve been distracted by the patting thing, but that’s not the real issue at hand. It’s the actual application of the colour that we need to talk about. Because applying to the top lip is easy peasy and the effect is
You have to switch the lipstick around to get at the bottom lip, which means that, to all intents and purposes, the slant of the bullet is the wrong way around. The shape, once you turn it upside down (which you need to do if you’re going to get the dark part on your lipline and the lighter shade in the middle) is just not conducive to a good lipstick application. I tried this numerous times, and practice did not make perfect.
I ended up going through a hell of a lot of cotton buds and makeup remover, and even after a proper clean-up mission on my trial for these photographs, I ended up with a bit of a mess. I like to call the finished result my “ombré lip with blurred-out lower edge”, because that’s exactly what it is. It’s just impossible to get a neat, defined lip-line on the lower lip with the bullet upside down. At least, impossible for me. People with half an ounce of skill would probably do OK…
When you think about the shape of the lipstick, it does seem unlikely that you would ever get both upper and lower lips neatly finished. Because you have to apply with a flattened lipstick surface, otherwise you wouldn’t get all three tones in one swoop of the bullet.
It’s so frustrating, because my top lip is ombré perfection: Smashbox have, with their quirky idea, convinced me to buy into that whole over-lined, dramatic 3D effect. The concept is marvellous and a whole load of fun, but the execution is just slightly off. Maybe it’s just me, with my cack-handed lipstick skills and inability to do anything remotely intricate, but I suspect that a few people would find their ombré-ing a little on the smudged side.
I had an idea (brace yourselves): the Triple Tone could be a lipstick of two halves – one bullet for the upper lip and then a bullet in the other end of the casing with an opposite slant for the lower lip! (Smashbox: please send royalties to my home address, haha.)
Seriously, though: I love the final effect. Some shades give more of a dramatic finish than others – surprisingly I find the
You can find the Triple Tone lipsticks at Smashbox
One of my first (and best) discoveries as a beauty blogger wasn’t a single pot of magical cream, or a little tube of face-changing foundation. I wasn’t hooked in by just one eye gel, or bowled-over by a lone cleanser – I was far greedier than that. I fell in love, dear readers, with an entire beauty
And this was no ordinary beauty shop; it had brands that I had never seen before – products that I didn’t even know existed. Mascaras that only came off in water that was
I am, of course, talking about
It’s skincare month at Cult Beauty, and to celebrate they are offering readers of A Model Recommends an exclusive discount code. There are more details at the bottom of the post, but first, here are five of my Cult Beauty skincare favourites. And in true Cult Beauty style, I have mixed it up with some old, familiar favourites and a couple of newer, more niche discoveries…
Caudalie Vinoperfect Serum | £45:
Caudalie’s Vinoperfect Radiance Serum
Thank You Farmer Shimmer Sun Essence SPF30 | £27
A new discovery, this ultra-lightweight sunscreen from Korean brand Thank You Farmer has a skin-brightening shimmer and a nourishing feel, but no greasy residue. I often balk at the word “shimmer” where skincare’s concerned, but in this case the effect is one of healthy, plump skin and not a disco ball glimmer. A lot of broad spectrum sunscreens tend to focus on a matte finish, so I like that the
My ultimate facial spritz, the
Another new discovery, though the original Liquid Gold is one of my oldest and firmest skincare favourites; Alpha-H have taken their classic exfoliating liquid and added rose extract as well as a whole load of ingredients for keeping the skin hydrated and soothed. If you’re after brighter skin, this wipe-on-and-leave solution gives overnight results with minimal fuss. The rose version is my preferred option for those who haven’t tried exfoliating acids before, and it’s a lovely one for more sensitive skins, but I still adore the no-nonsense original too. Take your pick – they’re both available
One of my most-used skincare staples, the
So there: five skincare favourites from
Happy shopping, let me know what you snap up!
CULT BEAUTY
(Excluded brands are at the request of the individual brands and NOT Cult Beauty and are as follows: Aesop, Aurelia Probiotic Skincare, Charlotte Tilbury, The Cult Beauty Box by Caroline Hirons, Escentric Molecules, Foreo, Institut Estherderm, Kypris, Living Proof, NYX Professional Makeup, OUAI Haircare, Stila Cosmetics, Smith & Cult, Sunday Riley, The Beautiful Mind Series, May Lindstrom, Vintner’s Daughter, ZOEVA.)
Many thanks to Cult Beauty for sponsoring this post.
I reviewed
Anyway, the
I remember one modelling job, many years ago, when the makeup artist used over ten products to get a finish that she hoped looked like real skin. There were primers, foundations sheered out with facial oils, concealers applied with a tiny brush – and the process took nearly an hour. I feel as though the Burberry BB cream would have completely saved her the time and effort. It has the right amount of everything for that “my skin but quite a bit better” look; a sheen that doesn’t appear greasy, a colour that adds a tiny bit of warmth and a coverage that throws a lightweight veil over the bits that you’re not-quite-bothered by. (If you have things that you really want to block out – dark circles, pigmentation, redness – then this won’t cut it.)
Let’s have a look at the before and after pics:
The
There’s no doubting that the Fresh Glow evens out tone, but you can quite clearly see that any little marks are merely skimmed over rather than blotted out.
In terms of finish the Fresh Glow BB is, as I’ve mentioned, on the dewy side. Oily skin won’t like it, I don’t think – there’s not enough coverage for sliding or patchiness to be much of an issue, but you can really feel the BB on the surface of your skin. I’m touching my face now, about seven hours after application, and it feels as though I’ve recently applied moisturiser. Dry skin will
Of course, foundations and BB creams and tinted moisturisers do tend to behave differently depending on how you’ve prepped your skin – a thick, buttery face cream with lots of oily residue will often result in your base having the same sort of finish – but I have tried the Burberry Fresh Glow on top of a dozen or so different serums and moisturisers and it always has some degree of dewiness.
I use shade “medium” in the Fresh Glow BB and that suits my summer complexion perfectly. Though it’s pretty forgiving, actually, because it’s so sheer. I’ve been wearing it directly over a face serum on very hot days (my Paula’s Choice Antioxidant one has been getting a fair bit of use) or, for an almost indecently dewy finish, I’ve applied over the top of
This little tube of dewiness is definitely one for skin that’s on the drier side and doesn’t require much in the way of coverage, but I meet so many people who hate wearing foundation and just want something that perks up the face. Looks a bit more “done” but requires no effort. This ticks that box very nicely and provides broad spectrum sunscreen too, though you’d probably have to apply more than you needed, makeup-wise, to get the stated SPF 20.
You can find Burberry Fresh Glow BB Cream at
Lee Stafford’s quite rude-looking
And to put things in perspective here, I usually need not only a mirror but a chair to sit on (my arms get tired), some sort of surface to rest the heated appliance on (for when I’m faffing about trying to section off pieces of hair to curl) and a bucket of water for when I set fire to my own head.
Usually, I grunt and swear whilst I try to work out which hand the heatproof glove needs to go on, then I grunt and swear again as each and every strand of hair that I try to curl slides straight off the end of the curling tong or wand. Which is why – and you’ll know this if you’ve followed my idiotic rantings for any length of time – I prefer wands with balls. Bobbly wands. Whatever you want to call them: they’re not straight.
(I was previously an enormous fan of the
Why are all curling appliances not made with a bobbly shaft? Faced with the choice of twirling your hair around something straight and smooth, that has no end, or something knobbly that stops you from slipping off all the time, which makes more sense? (I promise you I’m not purposefully filling this post with silly innuendo. I’m actually trying really hard to keep things clean – it’s almost painful when you’re as immature as I am and you’re writing about something that looks like it might have had a former life in a sex shop.)
Why make life difficult for yourself, when you’re already risking third degree burns to the tops of your ears and slowly melting your manicure to the inside of a sweaty glove? Why
(Professional stylists and/or anyone with half an ounce of hair-styling talent will be shaking their heads at this point. This is hair-styling sacrilege right here!)
Anyway: the
There’s a cool tip (honestly, I am sitting on my hands here) so that you don’t burn your fingers when you press the very ends of your hair to the wand, and there’s a little flip-down stand so that you can balance the waver on the bedside table without bubbling your IKEA laminate. All of this, and curls to die for, for under thirty quid. You don’t get a love glove but you’ve probably got one lying about somewhere anyway, if you’ve been through as many tools as I have. (Stop it.)
Actually, Lee Stafford makes another bobbly rod, this one called the
I’ve filmed myself using the Wonderball Waver, so I’ll pop that up soon, but it really is as simple as grasping sections of hair and winding them around the length of the wand. I keep the sections of hair in place for around fifteen to twenty seconds and then release. It’s important, I think, not to touch the hair as it cools. Don’t make the mistake of sort of
Here’s my hair before the wanding process:
I’ve obviously ruffled it around a bit and there’s some dry shampoo in the roots, but they’re nice curls, don’t you think? Top marks for this waving wand – if I can use it, almost anyone can.
The Lee Stafford Wonderball Waving Wand is £27.99 at Amazon
As I’ve already mentioned, possibly more times than necessary, I’ve had a bit of a hair makeover. I’m loathe to
I didn’t really intend to go shorter and blonder, but I think that Kat (hair stylist) and Melanie (hair colourist) at Josh Wood Atelier sensed that I needed something new. Nothing
Hair overhauls can go one of many ways – you need only read my post on my
Here I am before my hair makeover:
Just taking a couple of inches from the length and making things choppier really freshened everything up, and the lighter tones around my face somehow made me look less tired. A feat bordering on miraculous…
I think that it’s actually quite rare to come away with new hair and be
Whether you fancy a style refresh or something completely new, this is the hair prize of dreams. And for ten runners up, I have a Redken
This amazing giveaway is open to all UK readers aged 18 and over – please read the full terms and conditions
I do love it when I rediscover something utterly amazing; the eye cream that feels instantly nourishing (
It’s an unfortunate fact of my beauty-testing life that lots of great products end up being pushed aside so that I can trial something new. I always try to keep my favourite things in the front of my mind, because I think it’s good to be able to make well-considered comparisons and – at any rate – if they’re that fabulous then I will want to use them again! But quite often I’ll stow my precious bits and pieces away – usually in a labelled drawer – and not come across them again until I’m rummaging for something similar or compiling a “best of” sort of post.
Anyway, I don’t know how this lipstick ever managed to escape from my makeup bag because it’s absolutely brilliant: Clinique’s
Beige Pop is actually quite light on me, almost a sixties, Twiggy sort of shade. But the sheeny finish and the pinkish hue keep it entirely wearable and flattering – it’s not “my lips but better” subtle, but it’s definitely an easy way to wear a lighter lipstick.
I’ve just realised that I did a whole review on the
The packaging you can see on this page is the new, limited edition version in collaboration with designer Jonathan Adler. Very retro! Usually it’s a – very pleasing – square case with colour-coded lid.
Sometimes, I just love the perfected look of a full coverage base; the velvety finish that’s so glamorous and
But there’s a fine line, I think, between flawless and fake; it’s quite easy to over-apply a heavy foundation and suddenly look as though you’re wearing a comedy mask. If the skin isn’t prepped properly then the foundation might look cakey or patchy, if the base isn’t applied well then it will look obvious and thick where it should blend seamlessly and undetectably. Full coverage foundation formulas tend to be quite heavy on the powders and pigments and so they can cling to dry patches or be difficult to blend – add to that the fact that most of them are longwear and fast-setting and you have a product that presents plenty of opportunities for disaster!
So a few tips, then, for applying a full coverage base. I managed to get hold of mega-makeup artist Caroline Barnes to give us some expert foundation advice (Caroline works on some of the world’s most glamorous faces) and you can watch our conversation in the video below. I added in a few things that I always do when I’m applying my own foundation (not on a job when someone else is doing it for me!) so it’s a bit of a mish-mash video of foundation tips and tricks.
I’ve been testing out quite a lot of full coverage foundations recently in an attempt to find my top buys, so I will be back with a roundup – and hopefully some winners! – soon. In the following video I’m wearing my failsafe full coverage foundation, which is Dior Forever. There’s an in-depth review of that one
I think I’ve reached “Peak Fatigue” this week. I could not be more tired. I know we’re not supposed to moan about being tired –
I’m actually now a certified expert on “ways to try and stay awake” (Rightmove app, full fat Coke, Kindle screen on full glare) and “ways to quickly fall asleep” (bath, mini Magnum, Kindle screen on
Anyway, I do try to find more
I think that almost
Here’s Dr Kaushal’s guide to massaging the Marma points in the hands to increase energy. It’s quite lovely to take a few minutes out to do this, hand cream or no, if you spend long periods of time typing on the computer or (even worse, I find) replying to emails on your iPhone.
I’m having a bit of a face wash frenzy at the moment; after finally finishing my First Aid Beauty
I don’t always want to do a full-on cleanse first thing – I rarely have the time – and so face washes tend to be my morning staple. And – I’m not going to lie – this sort of cleansing more often than not happens in the shower. I wash my hair, stick on my conditioner and then wash my face whilst I’m waiting for my locks to be transformed into something vaguely manageable that won’t snap the hairbrush in half when I try to brush it.
(Note: I don’t ever put my face under the shower jets, I splash with water I’ve collected in the palms of my hands. Which makes it sound as though I stand there in some sort of religious pose, hands upturned, accepting gifts from heaven. But you know what I mean. I catch-n-splash.)
I’d say that the following face washes are more suited to normal/oily skin than dry – I prefer a cream or balm cleanser on drier skin – and I probably wouldn’t use them for makeup removal, as I like to really take my time and massage my cleanser in when I’m doing my end-of-day routine.
But each to their own – whatever floats your beauty boat. I know loads of people who
Paula’s Choice Pore Normalising Cleanser
DCL C Scape Enzymatic Gel Cleanser
La Roche-Posay Toleriane Softening Foaming Gel
See a theme, here? These are all quick to use, easy to rinse and don’t dry out your skin. I have another few dozen cleansers lined up around my bathroom (Mr AMR loves me) and so I’ll keep the reviews coming, as and when I get the chance to type up my findings. For now, you can browse more cleanser features
Apparently, 30% of women in the UK believe that their skincare stops working – or stops working as
L’Oreal Paris have carried out a big study into the cumulative effects of their anti-aging face cream,
And rather than the effects of the Revitalift Laser Renew cream tapering off after time, the study showed that the formula’s action on wrinkles actually got better, showing an 18% decrease after 6 months versus the beginning of the study. (In case you’re interested in “the science bit”, over 6000 in-depth skin measurements were taken over the 6 month period. They were then scored using the
As well as the outstanding clinician results, the panel were asked to self-evaluate their skin and more than 70% of the women noticed an improvement on their wrinkles every month for each time point, with a month-on-month reduction.
Great news for those who have previously worried that they need
I mean, I love experimenting with new skincare, but it’s my job; when I speak to the majority of my friends, they just want something that works, that they can rely on, that doesn’t cost the earth. I have to put a virtual gag on myself, because I find it difficult to comprehend how someone couldn’t be as excited about beauty as I am, but there we go! Some people like fishing. Or darts. Each to their own.
I’ve previously had little mini-raves about the night cream that sits alongside the
Revitalift Laser Renew Day is more creamy, absorbs more quickly and has absolutely no residue, which makes it more suitable for daytime wear. It features one of L’Oreal’s star anti-aging ingredients, Pro-Xylane, which has been shown to help stimulate collagen production and promote skin regeneration. At the concentration of 3% (which it is in Laser Renew), it has been shown to dramatically aid the way in which the skin retains moisture, helping to smooth wrinkles and give a fuller appearance. The cream sits well beneath makeup or sunscreen without feeling heavy – though if you’re after a lightweight moisturiser with SPF then the one from the same Laser Renew range is brilliant. I actually thought that it was a serum when I first used it (I wrote a post
I digress: you can find the L’Oreal Paris Revitalift Laser Renew Day cream at Amazon
I’ve had a good chance to really test the limits of my new haircut, now, and things have been going pretty well. Which has led me to ask the question: could this be my perfect style?
Well: yes and no. Perhaps I’m just in the honeymoon phase with my new, shorter hair, but it does seem to be far easier to style. Although therein lies the rub: I hate hair styling. Even plugging
So anyway, yes: I love my new haircut when I have “styled” it (method upcoming, I just need to take some photos of the various intricate – highly skilled! – stages, which include tonging, tonging, more tonging and then windmilling my arms to get the blood back into them) but I do slightly miss being able to tie it back when I don’t style it, which is approximately 98% of the time.
Although I must say that having it shorter is sort of
I’m going to compile an exhaustive list of the pros and cons of shorter hair, so if you have any of your own then please add to the comments section below – anecdotal material always welcome, I do spend quite a long time scrolling through and chuckling to myself when you leave your stories! (I’m rubbish at answering, but that’s because I now spend my spare time trying to put waves into my hair and look polished-yet-dishevelled.)
Here are some of my pros and cons so far:
No doubt I’ll be bored of shorter hair by the autumn and the “growing out” phase will begin (does anyone else have this eternal self-inflicted hair-cut-then-grow-it-out cycle? what is this life?) and so I’m grasping the bull by its horns and doing as much “short hair experimentation” as I can. Wish me luck…
Many thanks, again, to Kat at Josh Wood Atelier for getting me out of a hair rut – you can read more about the cut itself in last week’s
I think that OM Skincare’s
Interestingly (for some) (perhaps), I’ve been waiting for a product like this to come along; I’ve always lamented the fact that mini-sized cleansers and moisturisers are never in very convenient packaging. You get a little tube, or a pot with a screw-top lid, and it’s all very perfectly-formed and cute, but it’s the sort of stuff that jangles about the bottom of your makeup bag and falls into the sink at the hotel when you try to perform your skincare routine after seventy-eight glasses of Prosecco.
The Mindful Traveller brings a sense of decadence to the proceedings with its chic packaging; I’d be happy to give this a place in my handbag, if it shouted out for an upgrade. (“Let me out! The mascara is smearing blobs on me and the toothbrush keeps shaking water from its head!”) It so happens that both of the skincare products inside were on my list of upcoming skincare reviews; the Pure Glow Cleanser for its lovely, fresh feel (a great summer alternative to a balm, if you like something lighter) and the Daily Radiance Moisturiser for its non-greasy powers of hydration.
Actually, the review was to be on the No Lines Nourishing Cream rather than the Daily Radiance
Anyway, cleanser in one end of the Mindful Traveller and moisturiser in the other – the cleanser can be used as a proper, massage-in-flannel-off treat but it’s also light enough to just remove with cotton wool pads if you’re on the go and need a quicker fix. The moisturiser can be worn day or night and sits beautifully underneath makeup as well as over the top of pretty much any serum I’ve tried.
I have
(Mine would be anywhere hot. Anywhere. Hot. Somewhere with a creche, just to drop the babies off for a couple of hours a day; obviously I’d be the crazy paranoid mother who would pitch up on a sunlounger
One entry per person – for full T&Cs please see
Well this is an interesting one. I can’t decide whether Chanel’s
It’s a game of two halves, this foundation. The relative lack of coverage means that it’s one for people with skin that they are happy to leave virtually bare, but at the same time it offers something that I haven’t really found in any other foundation. That intense, deep-down glow that’s not anything to do with light reflection but more to do with physical
The Healthy Glow Gel Touch foundation feels fresh and light to apply – I do find that I have to repeatedly check that I am
Here are the before and after pics for Chanel’s Les Beiges Gel Touch foundation:
You can see that dark circles and little blemishes have been dialled down a notch; the skin just looks altogether more even in tone and, well, healthier. I feel as though the coverage in the photographs looks a lot more comprehensive than it does “in real life”, but I said that with the
What you definitely can’t see here, so clearly, is the hi-shine effect. So let me zoom in for more before and after photos:
It’s actually hard to tell, because my skin looks as though it has a bit of a sheen on it pre-foundation, but I hope that you can spot the increase in that more perfected, juicy look. It’s incredibly low-key, but the whole of Chanel’s
Surprisingly, the longevity with Les Beiges Gel Touch Cushion is rather good – it survived admirably well in the heat the other week and needed minimal touching-up, not that touch-ups would be a problem anyway – cushion foundations are so portable and convenient. (It’s actually more of a “mesh” foundation, really, than a cushion – you press down on the stretched fabric inside the compact and out comes the product – but the idea is generally the same.) At any rate, the sheer finish means that you don’t get any patchiness or what have you, as the day goes on – and you can top it up layer on layer without it looking claggy.
In terms of completing your “skin routine”, I’d say that you’ll need a separate concealer if you have anything other than mild dark circles beneath your eyes, and I’d recommend a touch of powder for the centre of the forehead and on the chin if you don’t want to look all-over-shiny.
Talking of shiny, this is possibly not one for the oilier-skinned amongst us – nobody wants to add shine to an already uncontrollably shiny face – but if you have normal to dry skin and want a very sheer and glowy look then this is a quick and easy fix. If you need more coverage, then I’m still of the opinion that
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Gel Touch Cushion is £43 at John Lewis
You get just 11g of product in the cushion, which is pretty sparse in comparison to the 30ml you get in the bottled foundations – to buy the equivalent amount in cushion form you’d be looking at nearly £130! Something to ponder, if you’re thinking of dipping a toe into the world of cushiony makeup – you tend to get far less for your money. I wonder how long it will be before you can buy empty cushions and fill them with your own foundation?
Do you get yourself into a bit of a mess when it comes to bronzer application? I think that it can be really tricky to get right – especially as there are so many different methods shown in video tutorials and beauty pages. The application pattern
My preferred way to bronze is to take a large powder brush in the shape of a big “3” on each side of my head. If I turned my face to the side to show you what I mean (nose pointing left!) then the top of the 3 would cross the temple, the middle part of the 3 would cross the cheek, and finally the bottom part of the 3 would land beneath the jawline. This “3” shape is actually quite similar to the way in which you’d apply a contour, but it’s nowhere near
But to find an even more natural and foolproof method of bronzer application, I turned to my fount of cosmetics knowledge, makeup artist
Watch the video below to find out how Caroline creates a very believable tan by bronzing everywhere on the face apart from the areas that would be hidden by sunglasses. You wouldn’t think that this would work, but it creates a beautiful highlight around the centre of the face where the brush doesn’t deposit so much bronzer – it’s a great way of adding interest without resorting to harsher contouring tactics.
Caroline uses matte bronzer in the video (details below the screen) but I must say that I’ve tried this technique with a whole load of different powders now and shimmery ones work just as well. Matte looks more believable and subtle, but if you love that beach goddess look and want to sparkle in the sunshine then by all means go for a bronzer with more of a shimmer. Last week I raved about the Kevyn Aucoin one, but I think that this could possibly be a little OTT for all-over face bronzing; my next-in-line for a spot of glizty bronzing would be the Guerlain Ultra-Shine.
Not least because the packaging is so absolutely gorgeous; look at that tin! It’s not the most convenient way to present a bronzer – the lid with mirror is plucked off completely, meaning that it’s not automatically propped up, which in turn means that you need to grow a third hand to hold it with – but the retro styling more than compensates.
The Terracotta Ultra-Shine formula contains very finely milled mother-of-pearl, giving the skin a beautiful soft sheen. It’s chic and expensive looking – there’s no garish glitter at this particular bronzer party. You can find the Guerlain Terracotta Ultra-Shine Bronzing Powder at Escentual
I have new hair. Please excuse the fact that I’ve taken these photos with my shower in the background – I was filming a video in the bathroom and the light was nice!
But anyway, here’s my new style – shorter, blonder, fresher, younger. I love it. Many thanks to the team at the wonderful
For the colour, Melanie used a “classic herringbone foil application”. Apparently a lot of hair colourists don’t do this anymore, favouring balayage, but Melanie feels that “blondes need foil”. (I certainly think it’s given the colour a really sharp and fresh look.) She says that she then “balayaged all the ends through the entire front to give a full-on blonde effect without the heavy root regrowth.”
For the cut, Kat “razored the hair into an A-line one length long bob. Then using scissors I sliced into the shapes to break up the weight and give that lovely broken-up beachy feel. I finished by twisting the hair as I dried to give a nice natural finish with a bit of minimal tonging at the very end.”
If you like the style and want to copy it, then that’s your blueprint. Of course, you could go to Melanie and Kat themselves…and one of you might just have that opportunity in the near future. That’s all I’m saying for now – watch this space!
This was just the hair-perk-up I needed because I’ve been losing quite a bit of it recently – it happened after I had Angelica too. I didn’t want to keep tying it back, because I have two little bald patches at my temples, but I was getting hot and irritable with it down. I didn’t go to my appointment thinking I’d go much shorter, so it was on a bit of a whim!
Doing things to my hair “on a whim” is still something of a novelty. It has taken me quite a few years to become accustomed to the fact that I am now in sole charge of what happens to my hair, because for most of my full time modelling years (let’s say from 2002-2012), my hair colour and cut was almost always dictated by the jobs that I did.
When it came to paid hair jobs, quite often they would want to clart around with my barnet – make their mark. My agency, Models 1, were always excellent at laying down the law with clients about my hair – any changes that people wanted to make had to be agreed before the job, and were often written into the contract. If it was a small hair job, the client would only be allowed to trim my hair and touch up the roots – if it was a big advertising job then quite often they had permission to do more drastic things.
But the problem with
But hey – I was being paid! That’s what
In all fairness, most clients were very keen to make sure that I was happy with what they wanted to do – I don’t want to give the impression that my head was completely hijacked. But even the best intentions were often lost in translation, and people did tend to be quite scissor happy in the fashion industry! In the end, it was all so stressful that I just learnt to detach myself from my hair completely – I thought of it as a sort of removable wig, part of my wardrobe. If someone botched my colour (bright, custard yellow highlights, New York, 2011) then I tried to comfort myself with the knowledge that it could be corrected. If my long, shiny locks were chopped into a dodgy mullet (Amsterdam, stoned hairdresser, 2002) then I had a bit of a cry and, on the next job with a decent stylist, I’d get it re-cut and corrected.
Needless to say my hair spent a lot of time getting blonder and shorter. In fact, six months before my wedding, I ended up with hair so short it was shaved at the nape of my neck. It was so white blonde that only two days after a bleach touch-up, my scalp would look as though it was covered in tens of thousands of tiny black fleas or nits where the roots were peeking through. Looked great, actually and I had thought that it was quite exciting at the time, but you get the idea: my hair was never my own.
Hair jobs were a good source of income and so I used to suffer the bad cuts and colour jobs, but boy was I glad when I no longer needed to say yes to them! My last ever hair job as a full-time model was possibly the absolute pinnacle in terms of ridiculous, soul-destroying hair situations; they cut five inches from the length, hacked some layers in, dyed it a weird, brassy shade of blonde and then on the shoot day decided they preferred me in a wig. Yes, readers: on top of my new, horrendous style, I wore a wig.
You couldn’t make it up.
Anyway, I didn’t set out to have a moan about my modelling days – I had a fabulous time, what a way to spend your twenties! – but I do now rejoice in
Now: I’d like your hair anecdotes in the comments section, please: disasters, emergencies, disagreements that ended with fisticuffs at dawn… Tell me all. Any bad hair modelling stories, models out there? If you make me laugh enough, I’ll go into my office and dig out some of the worst pictures from my modelling past. Maybe I’ll put them into a video slideshow. How very 2004!
I do enjoy it when a product does exactly
But anyway, to cut a potentially long and boring story short, the
If my face looks slightly odd in the first photo, it’s because I was “fading out” some dodgy gradual tanner (thought it was sunscreen, joke); but it only serves to highlight just how good the coverage is. I find it quite hard to get my head around this foundation, because you simply can’t feel it – how then, can it possibly cover anything but the most insignificant blemish or pigmentation, the faintest areas of redness?
You can hopefully see that the finish is non-cakey and smooth and that the coverage after one light application is at least a medium – I think that once it’s built up, it could almost be classified as a full coverage. I’ve seen some reviews online (there are 3111 of them on the Sephora website!) that complain that they get virtually no
I think Hourglass Immaculate Liquid Powder is a very, very clever foundation; how can something this light – and I mean it’s like swiping on air – give such a radiant, flawless finish? It’s not my particular cup of tea, because I don’t have oily skin and I don’t require the (amazing) mattifying effect that this foundation has, but I absolutely appreciate it. I often get an oily nose during the summer and some foundations and BB creams slip dreadfully; this sticks in place and keeps skin shine-free. The formula contains kaolinite clay which very efficiently absorbs oil without leaving the skin looking parched – it seems to skim over dry patches too, which you couldn’t say for the majority of matte foundations.
Hourglass Immaculate Liquid Powder Foundation comes in 22 shades – I used
If oily skin is a real problem for you and you hate traditional matte foundations then this is a brilliant – if extremely expensive – solution. It’s like a wispy veil of powder sitting over the skin, except that it manages to conceal imperfections and help to even out patchiness and redness and pigmentation. I do keep having to refer back to my before and after pics, because when I wear it “in real life” it seems so sheer. Maybe the camera picks up on a flawless radiance that the naked eye can’t detect!
You can find Hourglass Immaculate at Sephora
I’ve been trying to ignore all of the fuss around “millennial pink” (the dusty, opposite-of-Barbie pink that’s quickly established itself in the world of fashion and beauty and interiors as the shade
I’ve been trying to avoid pink for most of my adult life, but I’m afraid to say that it’s winning me over. And not even in an ironic way – it’s not as though I want to “toughen it up” with black biker boots and a leather jacket, or “keep it edgy” by wearing it with a monochrome-striped boiler suit. I just like to look at it: unadulterated, peachy-warm, non-blue-toned pink.
The
From the pricey to the pleasingly affordable;
I’m almost finished with my first tube of
I’ve tested both of these tan-boosting serums quite extensively, now; Tan-Luxe’s
The Anne Semonin
Ooh – I’ve just noticed that there’s a Lanolips lip ointment in the main “pink things” image. You can read about Lanolips
I haven’t talked about a bronzer for at least ten minutes, so I thought that another recommendation was well overdue. For those of you who are missing my
But back to bronzers, which seem to be my 2017 obsession. So far this year I’ve been all about the subtle, natural-looking bronzer; the
This is a full-on glitzy-glam bronzer, but in the chicest possible way. It’s luminous, but on a megawattage level, not a “glow from within” or “
And do you know what? I love it. I’d usually shy away from something so obvious, but every time I’ve worn this – without fail – someone has remarked on how stunning it looks. Note that they compliment the makeup, not the skin, which is usually what I try to avoid because it means that my makeup is more dramatic than I’m comfortable with; but regardless, I’m completely sold on the way that this bronzer shapes and brightens my face.
I’ve been using
You can see that the powder packs quite the punch – I find that I have to use a looser-bristled brush to first apply and then buff with something denser. Otherwise I go outside and find that I’ve sculpted my face like an eighties pop-star, razor-sharp cheekbones and all. There’s something very 3D about this bronzer, probably because of the amount of crystal pigment in it – high points on your face automatically catch the light, hollows look nicely contoured and shadowed.
The overall effect is so glamorous and it’s surprisingly easy to get right, even for someone who usually tries to find the palest and most unobtrusive bronzer shade they can!
The highlighting pigments are noticeable throughout the whole powder (Tropical Nights shown above, Tropical Days below), but there is a slight
Personally I think that the beauty of the Celestial Bronzing Veil is that you
(All my pictures are un-retouched and filter free, I’m only stressing it here because the image
You can find Kevyn Aucoin “The Celestial Bronzing Veil” at Cult Beauty
I think I may have been a solar panel in a former life. Admittedly that’s a slightly unconventional thing to have been in a past life – people tend to cite cats, dogs, birds, royalty – but I can’t think of anything, either living or inanimate, that sums me up better than a solar panel. I like nothing more than to lie completely flat under the blazing sun (albeit in full SPF and for sensible periods of time); I get an instant sense of wellbeing, a palpable surge of energy. It’s as though my batteries are being recharged. Five minutes in the sun and I’m a completely different person, and I say this with only the smallest hint of exaggeration.
None of this bizarre intro has anything to do with the post below, other than the fact that I love the sun, and the products featured
Let’s start with
(Sounds slightly creepy to say “warm skin”, but you know what I mean; beachy, coconut-oiled skin. Not skin that’s being slow-cooked in a
Coconut, amber, Tiare flower – it’s a walk to the beach bar on a lush exotic island, it’s a nap in a well-placed hammock (ie, not beneath a palm tree because HOW CAN ANYONE RELAX BENEATH COCONUTS?).
Find Bronze Goddess Eau Fraiche Skinscent at John Lewis
L’Oreal Professionel’s
And that’s the second reason it’s here; the Nutrifier DD Balm is my current daily treat for dry ends. With my post-partum hair-loss issue (again, I know, it seems like only yesterday it was happening for the first time!) I have to try and keep what’s left looking good. This seems to smooth and tame without adding any heaviness, so I’m going through it like the clappers. You can find the Nutrifier Glycerol + Coco Oil DD Balm (to give it its official title)
You know the drill with my Colab Dry Shampoo by now, surely: the most hardworking haircare product you’ll find this summer, it adds amazing fragrance as well as tidying up greasy roots and adding volume to limp, lank lengths. Bestselling scent “Paradise” is another desert island nap in a well-placed hammock, this time with outstandingly great hair as well as sexy-smelling skin. Quite often I use the dry shampoo and skip wearing any actual perfume – it’s got the tropical thing going on, with the white flowers, tonka bean and coconut, and the scent lasts for ages. No white residue so you can keep on topping it up and reviving your roots – it’s at
I can’t baste myself in enough of this body oil from Tom Ford. I’ve declared my undying love for
Be still my beating beauty heart: Omorovicza’s amazing
If you’ve been reading
I find the scent so uplifting, but the rose, orange blossom and sage waters also help to tone and balance the skin as well as providing a bit of much-needed cooling relief when the temperatures rise. I’ve been spritzing like a madwoman for the past couple of weeks, tying my hair back into a bun and making sure I mist my neck and my chest for maximum indulgence.
Apparently, the Queen of Hungary Mist formula is inspired by the Queen of Hungary
You can certainly see where the inspiration for the limited edition mist comes from…
I would love to visit the Rácz spa one day, it looks incredible. And Omorovicza have their own luxurious standalone spa and boutique in Budapest – maybe I’ll go and do a sort of spa-crawl. Like a pub crawl, but rolling in and out of various treatments all day instead of drinking booze. Though if there was any bubbly on offer, I’d probably indulge. It’s been that sort of week. Month. Year. Give me strength.
You can find the brand new Omorovicza Queen of Hungary Mist on their website
The wonderful people at Omorovicza have also offered readers a 20% discount that can be used on any full-sized product
Ts & Cs: Available on full priced items only, cannot be used in conjunction with other offers, one sample per customer. Valid from 30th June 2017. Expires 31/07/17 11.59pm BST
Imagine if you could fix your expression to your face and make it last all day. Smile, grimace, frown; choose your mood and then lock it into place. It would be so handy for weddings if you could smile once and then freeze it. Or, for a serious occasion – something like an important meeting – it would be great if you could have yourself an attentive sort of look that would stay in place for the duration. You could have one of those little frowns going on, so that to the casual observer you would look as though you were concentrating, but inwardly you would really be chortling away at funny pictures on Instagram.
Or
I suppose you could run into problems, though, couldn’t you? With a fixed expression. I can imagine a confrontation between drunks at the very end of a wedding reception, with one guy grinning away like the village idiot and the other (I like to think he’s wearing a kilt) taking offence.
Any
I have, however, become something of a convert after trying the All Nighter setting spray. It invisibly holds everything in place – base, bronzer, blush, highlighter, concealer, eye makeup – and stops everything from becoming patchy and blotchy over the course of the day. Or night. If you have problems with your base sliding or becoming cakey after a few hours of wear then (apart from trying out a good primer, which is always a sensible place to start) a few spritzes of All Nighter might just do the trick.
I’ve used the
I then went into town for an event, spent an hour on a sweltering train with sweat dripping down my cleavage, speed-walked with a pram through Shoreditch, sat in a baking hot private dining room and then repeated it all in reverse, and when I got home my makeup looked pretty much the same. Urban Decay say that All Nighter gives up to about sixteen hours of wear, keeping makeup looking fresh and neat. I suppose that makeup would usually look good for around four or five hours anyway, depending on the conditions, so you’re prolonging wear by over ten hours. I mean my face really did look almost as good as it had when I’d first applied the makeup that morning…
Impressive stuff. The setting spray does leave the skin ever so slightly tight, or perhaps
You can find the Urban Decay All Nighter Setting Spray at FeelUnique
Some of my summer beauty essentials for you here, all neatly packaged into one (relatively) concise video. Note that I use the word “essential” very loosely; perhaps the only real summer beauty essential is sunscreen, followed by a good, robust cleanser to get it off with. But all of the things in the following video make my summer that bit easier in terms of looking vaguely pulled-together; legs more presentable, hair less flat, eyes somewhat brighter and feeling less like balls of old twine.
By sheer fluke, quite a few of the products I’ve mentioned are on sale at the time of writing and might be worth a little look if you need to make some summery beauty updates. The
Anyway, take a look at the video, if only to see the quite startling golden glow from Kevyn Aucoin’s
Wearing: Guerlain Parure foundation in shade 1, eye makeup from video linked to at top of description box, Kevyn Aucoin bronzer, Chanel lipstick in Adrienne. Nail polish is Cafe de Nuit from L’Oreal. Shirt dress from H&M but a couple of months ago. Ring is Bvlgari.
In this video I show you the easiest smokey eye ever. I realise that’s quite a claim, but I honestly can’t see how an eye look could be any simpler than this: you draw on the eye crayon (it even uses a
There are two steps. Draw and blend.
I suppose if you wanted to really get into the nitty gritty of it then you could talk about colour placement, ie where you actually draw the crayon, but I cover that in the video – I apply the shadow towards the outer corner of the eye, and mostly on the outer third of the lid, so that the eyes are drawn outwards towards the brow a little. Sometimes, after I’ve blended that in (I use the Zoeva Luxe Petit Crease Brush in this video, find it
Watch the video below – it’s only a few minutes long – and you’ll see exactly where I place my shadow to get the sultry smokey eye. I don’t use any liner on the waterline here, but you absolutely can do if you feel that it finishes the look off. If you don’t want to close the eye up then keep it to the outer third of the eye – if this was a full-on smokey, with tonnes of colour all the way around, then I’d say do the whole waterline, but it’d look a bit funny here. Just my preference.
Just as an FYI, I didn’t prime or prep my lids before this video; there might have been a teeny bit of foundation on them, but incidental rather than anything deliberate. The Rimmel eye crayon stays on really well without any sort of prep – it also has slightly more “give” than some other cream shadows, which means that you get a few extra seconds to work with it and blend in before it sets fast.
I love the existing YSL
Les Sahariennes Bronzing Stones give a real radiance to the skin without being shimmery – I do find that with some sparkly, glimmery bronzers the shimmer travels up to the fine lines around my eyes and puts a spotlight on them. Never a good look, which is why, FYI, you have to be quite precise and careful when applying illuminator to the very tops of your cheekbones; a razor-sharp cheekbone is a thing of visual magnificence when done well, but it’s so easy to catch the crepey bits around your eyes.
Where was I? New Les Sahariennes: the
You can see that it adds a gorgeous warmth to my skin – it’s definitely not a cool-toned bronzer, so you wouldn’t use it as a contour powder – and there’s a radiance to the finish, despite there being no obvious glimmer. (Excuse the Blue Steel and the contrived hand position in the second photo, I wanted to get my nails in! Nails Inc Long Wear in
So a brilliant summer bronzer, then, with a smooth finish and a hit of glow. But it’s the packaging that really steals the show here – proper handbag fodder, with its lime green snakeskin and red Cassandre logo. It’s a much-needed antidote to all of the pinks and nudes dominating the luxury world. I’m all for pinks and nudes (see previous photos, if you need any evidence!) but a bit of an acid colour injection once in a while is no bad thing.
You can find the new collector’s edition Bronzing Stones palette at Selfridges
A gentle reminder, now that we are moving into Summer Proper with its pub garden drinking sessions and impromptu
I’ve thrown together a few sunscreen product recommendations below – these are here as a result of my most recent SPF-testing frenzy – but there are plenty more reviews and recommendations if you browse through my
SPF mists are absolutely
But there’s a very important “NB” with these; I’d use them as a top-up only, over an initial base of fluid/cream sunscreen, and
Armani Maestro UV Skin Defense Primer has a broad spectrum SPF 50, a gorgeous, lightweight dry-oil feel (rather the same feel as the Maestro foundation, which I suppose isn’t a surprise considering its name!) and it leaves the skin perfectly prepped for makeup. It actually leaves the skin perfectly prepped full-stop; even without foundation it has a sort of ethereal glow to the finish. A pricey option but a beautiful one, especially if you want to make your foundation work that bit harder – Maestro UV is £40
Darphin has added a sunscreen option to its highly-regarded
Two SPF products that are
Firstly the Heliocare
The other product for oily skin is a bit of an all-rounder, the
The idea that moisturisers with broad spectrum SPF offer less protection than a standalone, dedicated sunscreen seems to be something of a myth: in the UK, all products with SPF are tested in the same way and offer the protection they state. (Though the amount of product applied to the skin is HUGE to get the stated SPF level. The mind boggles. Anyway, lots of resources available online if you fancy a look, but there’s an easy and quick info sheet
When you start to take a close look at the names of SPF products on the market and compare their ingredients, some appear to be almost identical but are marketed in totally different ways. If you took two similar SPF 50 creams, one might be marketed as a moisturiser, with luxe-looking pampery sort of packaging, and the other as a sunscreen with beachy orange or sporty white packaging.
The rub, I suppose, is that people might apply a moisturiser less thoroughly or thickly than a sunscreen, so you wouldn’t get the protection stated on the label. Also, a dedicated sunscreen might be formulated to be water resistant, or longer-lasting, or might have a texture that lends itself to be more easily reapplied…
Two great daily sunscreens that provide a hefty dose of moisture for those with normal or drier skin; the first is surprisingly affordable and an old hero of mine, the second a new discovery.
Alpha-H
A little added bit of information for you regarding the whole moisturiser/sunscreen issue; I asked Michelle Doherty from Alpha-H about how they formulate their Daily Essential Moisturiser and she said this…
“In Australia we’re governed very closely as to which ingredients are allowed to be put into an SPF moisturiser. Many ingredients are known to dilute the efficacy of the UV filters; the regulations are so strict in Australia that the ingredients we use are specifically chosen to support the efficacy of the UV protection at the same as providing powerful antioxidant and moisturising properties. For example in our Daily Essential Moisturiser SPF 50 we work with the mineral element Silica which is renowned for its ability to bring more moisture from the lower layers of the skin to the Epidermis as well as being able to attract more moisture from the atmosphere. The key to formulating moisturising SPF products is selecting ingredients that don’t interrupt the function of the UV filters.”
Very interesting – I’m going to do a bit more digging on the whole formulation issue, as I find it fascinating, but I need to work my way through about fifty other posts that need editing first, so bear with me!
Oh – the second moisturiser-with-SPF here is the Elemis Marine Cream SPF 30. I reviewed it in full
Skinceuticals
This has turned into the longest post in the world, so I’m going to leave it here and go and make some notes on high street/budget options to test out for you. I’d say that, out of all of the sunscreens here, the Alpha-H Daily Essential Moisturiser is the most adaptable, suit-all formula, so if you’re struggling to work out which one might be right for you then it’s a safe bet. Really well formulated and tested to the nth degree, as per the stricter Australian rules. It’s more creamy and moisturising than the Anthelios XL, so if you wanted something that you’d be happy to use every day and not just “for the beach” then it’s worth every penny. It’s widely available online, including
After posting about the amazing results I had with Anne Sémonin’s
Needless to say, I didn’t have to be asked twice.
And so here I am a month or so later, having received a made-to-measure skincare routine which I have followed
Anne Sémonin specialise in luxury ‘made-to-measure’ skincare, recognising that everyone’s skin is different – subjected to different stresses, hormonal issues, environmental conditions and so on – and that skin, along with its needs, changes on a day-to-day basis. I certainly find that my skin requires different things from one day to the next; if I’m feeling relatively perky and have had a decent amount of sleep, then that’s usually reflected in my routine. Perhaps it’ll be more focused on maintaining good moisture levels, or going in for a bit of exfoliation to enhance radiance. If, however, I’ve had a run of bad nights and I’ve been eating rubbish food and stuck in a dark room for days on end with a cranky newborn, I’ll go for something more drastic in the skincare department – serious moisture-boosting, for example, or a peel to brighten and lift the skin.
So I was delighted that my routine, as prescribed by Ewa, included different options depending on how I felt my skin was behaving. I had a solution for grey, tired skin (handily marked “for after a sleepless night”), an option for dry skin with redness and patches, a rescue program for days when my skin felt devitalised… I loved doing a quick appraisal of my face in the morning and then selecting from my row of tubes and glass bottles – in my head I was an old-fashioned apothecary, standing in front of my workbench. (In reality, I was an overtired Mum of two-under-two, wondering why there was a jar of jam inside the bathroom cabinet and a used nappy in the sink, but let’s glaze over that part.)
You can find the full made-to-measure routine
Firstly, as a sort of pre-cursor, I must say that Anne Sémonin products are incredibly active and concentrated – I felt a surprising “tingle” on my face more than a few times! – and, with all of them, a little goes a very long way. Perhaps because of these high concentrations of active ingredients, I did see results faster than with some of the other brands that I’ve tested – the
The biggest change to my usual routine was the addition of a daily mask. Or masks
When I first read through the routine, I have to admit to balking slightly at the idea of using all of these masks – I thought that it would be really time-consuming – but I actually enjoyed setting aside a few extra minutes every day to let my masks get to work. I mean, it felt totally decadent (who cleans bean juice from the kitchen floor wearing a customised cream face mask?!) but I can deal with that.
Now when I say “customised”, I don’t mean that the masks were formulated especially for me (all of the masks are available to buy
Of course, the masks can be used straight, applying directly from the tube, but I think that customising them to suit your skin’s needs takes masking to a whole new level. Adding something to soothe (the
The other big change for me was the extra effort levels required in the morning. Usually I do the lion’s share of my skincare routine in the evening, before bed and just a very perfunctory cleanse and moisturise in the morning; the Anne Sémonin routine put as much (if not more) emphasis on the morning part, with a cleanse, tone and then a bespoke mask, followed by the
The evenings were cleanse and tone and then there was only a mask (the
I must give a special mention to the
The only part of the routine that I found difficult to get my head around was the use of the
Overall, I have to say, the made-to-measure skincare routine was a roaring success. The fact that I stuck to a daily mask treatment (and continue to do so, even after my month of testing) is amazing to me – I can barely find time to brush my teeth, normally, but for some reason the morning face appraisal followed by the mixing of the masks is something that has become rather pleasurable. Especially since the results have been so excellent – my exfoliating treatment every other evening left my skin nicely prepped for its oils, and applying a mix of the cream and gel masks
On a sidenote, I must reiterate my love for the
You can find all of Anne Sémonin’s products on their
annesemonin.com
This post has been sponsored by Anne Sémonin, but all opinions are – as always – my own.
Welcome to one of my skincare guilty pleasures: the
But it’s not the texture of this balm that keeps me coming back for more: it’s the smell. Do you have a collection of beauty products that make you feel disproportionately happy? I do. I have my skincare products that are purely functional – my exfoliants and my non-nonsense serums and my SPFs – and then I have my little beauty treasures, the ones that I really look forward to using at the end of a long, hard day. Of course, these products are also functional and effective – I don’t often waste my time with fragrant frippery that’s all scent and no substance! – but they have a special place in my heart due to their ability to instantly change my mood.
Off the top of my head, some mood-changers from my little collection:
Which makes it sound as though I use these things infrequently: I don’t. I’m past that whole “saving things for best” thing, now; use it or lose it. Gone are the days of dusting off boxes to find a pair of unworn shoes nestled inside – lingerie from 2004 with the tags still on, saved for a special occasion, the teeny bottle of truffle oil bought in Milan six years ago, waiting for that sophisticated dinner party that is probably never going to happen…
These beauty treasures are used on a surprisingly regular basis. At least a couple of times a week – more for the
I would use the Darphin Aromatic Cleansing Balm daily, if I could get away with it, but it is – as I mentioned before – a
And it really does feel – and smell – like a treatment. This isn’t a massage-in-and-take-straight-off cleanser, this (at the risk of sounding like an M&S advert) is a massage-in, lie-back, breathe-in-the-aroma-and-bask-for-a-while cleanser. I just can’t convey to you how much I love using it. The ylang ylang oil is instantly uplifting, the rosewood is sweet and woody and calming. (I’m aware that on paper the two should really cancel each other out, but I find the blend very balancing.)
So yes, I use the cleanser as more of a facial treatment than a makeup remover – if I’ve had a heavy day on the cosmetics front then I’ll usually use a balm that I don’t mind digging into with both hands! With the Darphin one I massage in, leave on for a few minutes and then press off using a warm flannel. And if I’m feeling as though I need a total assault on the senses then I’ll follow with the
Usually I race through my cleansers – I really enjoy testing them and am always impatient to start on something new and exciting – but Darphin’s Aromatic Balm is one that I don’t want to finish. I’ve been rationing my portions, so to speak, and I’ll most definitely be buying a new jar once I’ve finished every precious last bit of this one.
You can find Darphin’s Aromatic Cleansing Balm
Some alternatives:
If non-scented, powerful makeup-removing is more your bag then I will point you in the direction of Caroline Hirons’
After a run of quite serious facial tanning disasters, I have found a version that leaves a smooth and flawless tint. I was apprehensive about Charlotte Tilbury’s new
As regular readers will know, my face-fake-tan of choice is
And I do think that’s what happens with a lot of facial tanners – it’s not so much the user’s application technique that fails them, it’s the fact that they go to sleep or sit up staring at their iPhone for hours, and the product melts and gathers and sets in odd places. Take last week, for example, when I applied the new Dior Bronze Self-Tanning Jelly; a beautiful, fresh texture and pleasant smell, but I woke up with a dark brown patch under my chin (probably from where I’d had my neck bent over scrolling through my iPhone before bed) and a weird streak at my temple where I
Anyway, no problems with the Overnight Bronze & Glow Mask: it was my third use last night, and I didn’t have any of my usual sense of trepidation. I normally have to keep fake tan testing to evenings when I know that I have absolutely no reason to leave the house the next day, just in case I wake up looking like a patchy potato, but I seem to have adopted the Charlotte Tilbury Mask into my trusted products
I was apprehensive about the “mask” element, mainly because when I think about masks, I think about that very neat application pattern that masks always display on their packaging – a perfect oval of product on the main part of the face, but avoiding the eyes and the hairline. Subconsciously, I think, the idea of a mask doesn’t gel well with the idea of a self-tanner, but there we go. Masks, especially overnight ones, are all the rage. But fear not: you apply this one just like a face cream, albeit more carefully, making sure you’ve covered all areas and blending well into the hairline and under the jaw. I actually take this tanner all the way down (and around) my neck, and onto the chest in the “v” that is usually on show once I’m dressed.
No streaks or patches and, miraculously, no weird smell. I mean there was a
The result after one application is – for me, at least – a beautiful, low-key bronze. It’s noticeable but not so much that you do a double-take in the mirror as you blearily do your morning ablutions. Just glowy and summery and perked-up, which is
This stuff isn’t cheap at all – £38 a tube – but for even, trustworthy results it’s worth the splurge. You don’t need a separate moisturiser beneath it (though I used a hydrating serum) and it can be built up to a darker tan over a number of nights if you want a deeper colour. Find it at Cult Beauty
I’ve had lots of incredibly kind comments about the dress I was wearing in my
So thank you.
Anyway, the shirt dress is from Oasis – I bought it on ASOS
The lipstick I’m wearing in the photograph above is from the new L’Oreal Matte Addiction range – this shade is called
It’s a gorgeously wearable orange-red – many of the beauty brands bring out orangey lipsticks with the summer collections, but they’re usually far more red than orange, or sitting right on the cusp. This one leans over to the orange side in a slightly more daring manner, and the matte finish gives it a retro look. It’s a very easy makeup update if you just want something cheerful and inexpensive to see you through the hotter months – the texture is non-drying and the colour is densely pigmented. Stick on a load of bronzer, a few coats of mascara and a slick of this and you’re pretty much done. You can find the Matte Addiction range at Boots

There’s rather a summery theme to this month’s beauty favourites; it feels a little early in the year to be cracking out the sunscreens and the beachy scents but we’ve had a run of hot days and so I’ve been in all-out floaty dress and flip-flop mode.
Talking of beachy scents, for the past few weeks I’ve been coating myself from head to toe in something called
So, May favourites: SPFs, sexy scents, a cooling facial spray and a few choice makeup items. Randomly, this favourites also features raspberry liquorice – I was chomping my way through a bag of it whilst filming, so it seemed rude not to give it some recognition. It’s my current sugary poison and it’s how I’ve been fuelling my poor, nutrient-deficient body when I can’t (be bothered to) get to the kitchen. I really need to have some sort of dietary shake-up but am seriously lacking in motivation – some days are excellent, with superfoods and nuts and vegetables galore, others see me eat pastries for breakfast and lunch and then a couple of crumpets with jam for supper. Oh dear. Time for an overhaul methinks…
Have you seen these ridiculous sheet masks for lips that seem to be all the rage? Patches of gel, or sheets of serum-infused fabric that are pressed over the lip area and left on for an “intensive treatment”. I mean, each to their own and everything, but
I do like the sheets and patches for under the eyes; the slimy, cooling sensation is actually nice – but on the mouth? Just weird.
So stick-on lip masks are in my bad books, along with those coffee body scrubs that come in paper packets. Have you tried those? Don’t. Your shower cubicle will look as though there’s been some sort of dirty protest. And you’ll find coffee granules in your “secret areas”
But less of the moaning: onwards to the beautiful (and infinitely more usable) lip treats I’ve come across over the past couple of months. The first, Espa’s
And then the Fresh
It does a fine job of giving the lips a low-key exfoliation session without any abrasion or risk of irritation and I love the feeling of the blood rushing to the surface and plumping everything out. It really does give a bit of a temporary boost, though I don’t even know whether that’s one of the wand’s selling points! It’s a treatment session in one step – exfoliation, massage, plumping and then a nourishing little top coat to send you on your way. Just excellent.
The Fresh Sugar Treatment Perfecting Wand is £20 at Harrods
Finally, the Liz Earle
Superskin Superlip Balm
For those looking for a dedicated lip mask
Tell me: what do you think of a) these sheet masks for lips and b) coffee body scrubs. Please tell me I’m not the only one…
Gorgeous printed notebook is by Arden Rose at
The current run of hot weather has provided an excellent opportunity for me to properly test some of the deodorants that I’ve had lined up along my bathroom shelf. I’m not usually the sweatiest of people and so it takes a very warm day for me to get a proper bit of perspiration going. (Weirdly, I can also get the “juices flowing” (UGH) if I wear my Asda dressing gown to answer stressful emails – something to do with flammable fleece and complicated admin seems to trigger a spectacular bodily response. I’m like a boxer in a bin bag the day before a weigh-in – soaked from head to toe.)
So: Aurelia’s
Which would be great if all deodorants worked as well as anti-perspirants, but sadly, from experience, many of them fall rather short of the mark. Some of them don’t even neutralise the odour – they’re just glorified body sprays marketed for the underarms. Perfume in a can.
Anyway
Most of the deodorants that I’ve tested (PitRok, Neal’s Yard Remedies, Australian Body Care and Vichy, to name a few) help with smell but not with wetness. The Botanical Cream Deodorant from Aurelia manages to stop odour developing
Do bear in mind that (as I’ve mentioned) I’m not the sweatiest person in the world – I’d love to know how this would fare if the Sweat Threat was greater – but it’s interesting that in the same conditions I
The Aurelia deodorant contains arrowroot and kaolin (clay) to absorb moisture, but it also has moisturisers and essential oils to give it a zingy fragrance. It smells a bit like Liz Earle’s
You apply the cream with fingertips, which is the only real drawback. I don’t particularly like fingering my armpits; there’s something toe-curling about dragging skin that has been shaved, or recently shaved, and I do shave my armpits once a week or so. But I can get over that, because I do think that this deodorant works really well – it’s not as convenient as the PitRok roll-on, but it feels beautiful and soft, is quick to dry and doesn’t seem to leave any white residue on clothing. (Though I’ll admit that I haven’t tested this aspect extensively!)
At £18 it’s on the pricey side if you’re used to only shelling out a couple of quid for your deodorant or anti-perspirant, but if you’re on a mission to avoid aluminium and you need something that’ll keep you sweat-patch-free then Aurelia’s Cream Deodorant, for me, has been the best of the bunch so far. It also has that luxury element – heavy glass jar, beautiful ingredients – I think of it as more of a treatment cream for the underarms than a deodorant. Yes, that definitely sounds much better…
You can find the Aurelia Botanical Cream Deodorant online at

A surprise entry into my “
And it is high-end, price-wise; I always expect it to be in the realms of fifty or sixty-ish quid, about the same as a pot of Lauder’s anti-wrinkle cream – but it’s £80 for 50ml. Twenty pounds more than Sunday Riley’s brilliant
But I don’t think that my opinion is by any means the norm – Marine Cream is hugely popular, and on virtually any consumer feedback section, be it Amazon or QVC or Makeup Alley, it has hundreds of positive reviews and five star ratings. My own mother is a
I’ve always been a bit dithery about the smell personally – you have to really, really like a scent to want it on your face.
And so weirdly, because it has exactly the same smell as the original, when it came to the new Marine Cream SPF30 it was “love at first wear”. What a beautiful sun cream! So light and fresh-feeling, such a silky-slip to the application – you would never, ever in a million years guess that this contained SPF. It’s as hydrating as the original cream (so not rich or buttery, but does the job) and there’s absolutely no greasy residue. It absorbs quickly, it glides over the skin, there’s no chalky feeling or that weird sense of grubbiness† that you can sometimes get… I’m so impressed.
Marine Cream SPF30 makes all of the same promises as the original cream (that it reduces fine lines and wrinkles, increases hydration, gives a toned, firmed appearance) but ticks an extra (massively important) box in terms of keeping skin healthy and youthful, and that’s the broad spectrum sunscreen box. Admittedly, the cream is in a jar and so you’re never going to be taking this to the beach to reapply throughout the day (it would be a pit of grit within seconds) but for those who apply their SPF in the morning and don’t spend a large proportion of the day outdoors, it’s a lovely option. Luxurious in feel and quick to apply.
Browse more sunscreen reviews…
I can see that the Marine Cream SPF30 will have huge appeal to Elemis customers who perhaps don’t currently use an SPF on a regular basis – the fact that it’s pleasant to use might capture the beauty hearts of a whole group of people who have previously hated the textures and finishes of the sunscreens they’ve tried. I shall be interested to see the reviews on this, as and when they start to appear!
Elemis Marine Cream SPF30 is as pricey as the original – £82 for 50ml – but at the time of writing, I can see it on Amazon for
†grubbiness: please tell me that other people get this? You know when you apply a sunscreen and an hour later you just want to claw it all off with your fingernails because it feels as though you’ve spent a day cleaning out your attic and your face is covered in dust and dirt? Maybe it’s just me. Ugh. SPF grubbiness. I’ll have none of that here.
My last post (for now!) on fair/foolproof/hint-of-sun bronzers. I realise that I’m at the risk of boring to tears anyone who doesn’t need, want or suit them, but at the same time I’ve been trying to work systematically through my beauty backlog and Subtle Bronzers were one of the categories I wanted to get done and dusted (excuse the pun) before summer got started.
So here: five subtle bronzers at various price points. We have, clockwise from top left, Tom Ford’s
The Tom Ford is eye-wateringly expensive but gives a beautiful, goldenish (but somehow matte) glow and the cheapest, the Bourjois, is a great alternative to both the Victoria Beckham and Hoola Lite powders. Something for every budget, I hope. Take a look at the short and sweet video below to see things “in action”, so to speak – links to find the products online are further on down the page.
A while ago (it may have been last year, or even the year before that), I mentioned that I had been comparing recent and old photographs of myself and trying – in a highly scientific and objective manner – to identify which changes to my face were the most ageing. (You’d think it would be difficult to look at your own face in an objective way, but if you’ve spent a decade or more as a model, with people zooming in on your nose and lips and keeping up a running commentary about your eyelid colour or the spacing of your teeth, then you learn to be as detached as possible!)
One of the things that I noticed was that it looked as though my lips were losing their volume. And as lips tend to get less plumptious with age (pretty much
We did actually film a video along these lines, if you’ll excuse the pun, and you can watch it
And does a lip liner make a difference?
Too right it does! I’ve taken to using one every time I do my makeup – what have I been
Take a look at my “with and without” pictures – I’ve used a pink lip liner, which might seem odd, but I thought that it was good to choose a shade that was a little noticeable, so that you could see where I’d drawn it on, but also subtle enough for you to get the idea of the final effect. I don’t go about with pink lip liner on and no lipstick normally, rest assured! Here I am without lip liner:
Can you see how the extra definition gives a fuller look? I was careful not draw outside of my actual lip line, because this post is about redefining and not about using liner to “enlarge”. That’s a brilliant cheat, but a whole other story – I always think that’s quite a specific skill, and I’ve had many a makeup artist botch it up on my face, leaving me looking clown-like and slightly grotesque.
Here’s a close-up without lip liner and then with – again, excuse the pink. I thought that it would be helpful to be able to see it, but now I wish I’d taken the photos using a nude one!
Note how my lower lip line is sort of smudgey and non-descript in the before picture; the liner just gives a nice, definite edge and reasserts the lip boundaries, for want of a better phrase. Lips look fuller, but the application method is foolproof – it’s basically just tracing what’s already there.
I realise that I’m probably very late to the lip liner party – I never really understood the need for it, before, but it’s bloody great stuff! A lip pencil matched exactly to your own lip shade is a thing of great magnificence (at the moment I’m using one that’s had all the writing rubbed off, so I can’t even tell you what brand it is let alone the shade!) and I shall now never be without one.
I also realise that this post is stating the obvious almost to the point of hilarity. I mean, “for redefined lips, take a lip pencil and trace around your natural lip line.” It’s all rather
Tell me: are you a lip liner aficionado? Or is it one of those makeup items you’ve never bothered to try?
Fans of La Roche-Posay’s
The addition of an SPF hasn’t compromised this lovely formula – it’s fresh and light and non-greasy, but with that same unexpected hit of hydration. I already rate the Anthelios SPFs from La Roche-Posay very highly – they do some brilliant lightweight non-clogging fluids that are brilliant for oily skin – but the Effaclar Duo+ SPF30 brings something a little new to the table. Not only is it light and non-claggy, it actually helps to treat and prevent breakouts – it’s not just “suitable” for congested, spot-prone skin, it’s made specifically for it. And I feel that it’s not solely for those with oily skin, either – if your skin is on the drier side, but you still suffer with blackheads and breakouts, then you might also enjoy this SPF. Perhaps use an intense moisturising serum beneath it for good measure – you can browse some serum suggestions
You can find the new Effaclar Duo+ SPF30 at
Benefit have launched a new version of their hugely popular
Both bronzers are nice and matte – perfect if you prefer your cheek colour without a carnival level of glitter and glitz. Both Hoolas blend well, though I was slightly haphazard in the video below, mainly because New Baby Ted started screaming the house down!
So, original Hoola on the left side of my face (as you look at me in the picture above) and Hoola Lite on the right hand side. Hoola Lite is a very creamy sort of bronze – it’s on the cooler side, so would work reasonably well as a contour powder too, for those who want to dabble in that. In a nutshell, it’s just a very foolproof and flattering powder that’s difficult to overdo and stays in place all day. It’s quite similar to the Bourjois Mat Illusion that I reviewed
Take a look at the video below to see both shades in action – links are further down the page. You can find more makeup tests and reviews by clicking
Hoola Lite, £24.50:
Why oh
But I digress: here’s my new hair. Shorter, choppier, blonder. Many thanks to Mel (colour) and Kat (chopper) at
I didn’t style my hair for the photo above – I let it air-dry, following some top tips from Kat. (I need to dig out the list and do a separate post as I don’t want to mis-quote her, but she had some great advice for those who like to keep things strictly low-maintenance.) It was a sort of “scrunch dry” moment, really, except that I didn’t use a hairdryer, I just randomly scrunched and twisted at the ends when I remembered. One side of my head is actually naturally wavy – the other isn’t, which is handy. Despite this being the case for the past thirty-six years, I still haven’t quite come to terms with it and I think that I’m probably destined to have dual-personality hair for the rest of my life. It would only take a few seconds of tonging to correct the situation but I’m so lazy (and time-poor) that it simply never happens.
Maybe it can be my mid-year resolution. I always envy the writer Sali Hughes’ hair – she wrote a piece on how she styles it for The Guardian
Anyway, in short: hair was air-dried then (this was the day after if I remember) I used some
Another foundation review for you. (
I’m not going to attempt to de-mystify the skincare range here – so many people have asked me for a run-down of the products, but I have to admit that I’ve not had the time (nor the energy!) to properly sit down and go through them. Suffice to say, for the moment, that it’s all very
It does a fairly decent job of evening out the skintone but blemishes aren’t concealed and you do need a touch extra under the eyes if you have dark circles. It’s sort of like a tinted moisturiser, this foundation, but without the moisturiser part. If that makes sense. I’ve seen reviews saying that this is dewier than the Coverage foundation, but I don’t find it to be so – not unless I’ve prepped with a particularly buttery moisturiser.
And actually, I’d say that’s quite an important point: both foundations are very lightweight and I’ve found that they sort of take on the properties of whatever you have on underneath. You need to prep your skin well, whether that’s tackling an oily t-zone with a primer, or making sure that dry skin is adequately hydrated. I find that I can get a really lovely finish with the Coverage foundation if I’ve plumped my skin out with buttery face creams; equally the Serum can look rather dry if I try to apply it over minimal moisturiser.
Here I am before and after using the Coverage Foundation in 2.0YG, which is the yellow-toned shade with golden highlights (there are 21 shades, 9 different depths and then a selection of undertones):

Now I did originally think that the 2.0 was slightly to deep for me, but after perusing my photos and re-watching the video, in which I opted for 1.2N, I think that 2.0 is probably my best match. It’s fairly spot-on if you’re generally a 2.0/20 in Dior and Chanel foundations and I like the added warmth that it gives my skin. The golden highlights in the YG give a little bit of luminosity to the base that I think that the foundations in general seem to lack – they’re not flat matte, but you don’t get the high-wattage glow or “real skin” effect of some of my high-end favourites…
But I’m not sure that The Ordinary are promising a luxury foundation for less – just functional products without the frill and frippery. For me, they miss out that vital finish that I love so much – plumped, real-skin glow – but, as I said, you can get an enhanced finish by really prepping your face well.
Here’s the thing, though; the Coverage Foundation costs £5.90 and the Serum is £5.70. You can’t really go far wrong with those prices – light, easily transportable packaging, SPF15 and (in the Coverage, at least) a high concentration of pigment that means a little product goes a long way.
Take a look at the video for more thoughts – there’s a pretty long waiting time for the foundations, if you want to order them, so you’ve a while to make your mind up if you’re thinking of buying them. You can find all of the shades online
I’ve been testing out Armani’s
As you know, I’m not the greatest lover of high coverage, longwear foundations – I’ll usually grab something slightly more natural looking and glowy unless I’m filming a specific makeup look – but this one isn’t your typical take-it-off-with-a-chisel, polyfilla-esque complexion-coverer. For a start, the coverage isn’t quite
I like that – some of the life is left in the skin. It looks perfected, but not overdone, and what’s astonishing is how little of the product you can get away with using to achieve such a beautiful finish. It looks very polished and pulled-together, but you don’t have to load the skin with a tonne of claggy base.
There’s none of the dryness that you might usually find with a longwear foundation – some of them can cling awfully to flaky bits, if you don’t prep your skin well, or they can gather around the nose and chin and look cakey and wrong. Not a problem with Power Fabric: the only time I had unevenness was when I hadn’t blended quickly enough on my cheek and it went slightly patchy. I think that the key is to work reasonably fast with a sponge or a stipply sort of foundation brush (I found the
Before and after pictures for you:
You can see that the finish is lovely and velvety – not a powdery matte, just soft and slightly radiant. And this really is a longwear foundation; I’ve seen some online reviews saying that Power Fabric doesn’t last, but I’ve tested it out for twelve hours or more on a number of occasions and it has stayed put extremely well.
I like Power Fabric a lot; it’s a nice (though relatively pricey) introduction to high coverage foundations if you’ve never tried one before. It has good longevity and it has very decent coverage, but with less of the pitfalls usually associated with a full coverage base. I’m generalising here, but they can be hard to blend, quick to set (and then difficult to adjust!) and they can have a deadened, flat look on the skin. Although you do have to take special care to blend this well (it’s best to work fast with a little bit of product and build it up rather than slap on a layer) to avoid mistakes, the finish is far from flat.
Read: Armani Maestro Glow Foundation Review
Admittedly I find the cushion versions of Dior’s
Have you tried Power Fabric? What do you think? You can find it at Selfridges
Read: All Foundation Reviews…
Did you ever play a game when you were little called
Anyway
You’ll need to watch the video to see the full run of my beauty favourites, this month – there’s a good mix of skincare and makeup and a rave about eyebrow tinting. And some footage of New Baby Ted gurgling away on his activity mat. (See

Brace yourselves for some serious makeup lust: the
It’s pleasingly oversized – just calling out for a bit of summer action somewhere glitzy. Mine saw its bit of action in my living room whilst hailstones pelted at the window, but let’s ignore that for now. Here’s how I look with the Tom Ford Soleil Ultimate Bronzer – it’s the shade “Bronze Age”:
(Note that on the Selfridges website this product has the wrong image – it shows an image of the contouring palette instead – so use the link
The Ultimate Bronzer has the same sort of texture as Lauder’s
Swings and roundabouts, people!
Bronze Age is a good bronzing option for those with fair skin – it gave mine a flattering, realistic glow with not much effort at all. There’s no shimmer in the powder but it does seem to cleverly reflect light so that the colour doesn’t look too flat – I like it. Obviously it’s a total luxury (turn to my post on the
The Soleil compacts feel really very lightweight. If I could find my older Tom Ford bronzer then I would tell you for definite whether they’ve made the packaging lighter, but it’s nowhere to be seen. Maybe it’s because I’ve become used to the almost indecent luxuriousness of the
You can find the Ultimate Bronzer from Tom Ford at Selfridges
The entire Tom Ford Soleil collection can be found
In this photo I’m wearing
On a sidenote: the mallow-soft
I said in my
A before-and-after for you, using the Mat Illusion powder in “fair” – the product on the right in the photograph above. Without bronzer:
and then with:
It’s so subtle, but it gives great definition to the face if you apply lightly to the shadowy areas and a warm, general glow if you’re more haphazard with application. It’s actually quite difficult to go too far wrong with this powder, so long as you’re using a nice fluffy brush and you aim at the right places. (I’m using the Zoeva Face Definer brush, £19.99
I’ve had quite a few comments about the Mat Illusion since I’ve started using it; it seems that there’s something of a shortage of bronzers for those with very fair skin. If that rings true for you, then Mat Illusion is worth a test – ditto if you’re not that fair but want a foolproof, buildable powder that won’t look fake or overdone.
You can find the Bourjois Mat Illusion at Boots
Trying to schedule a post around when you think it
I’ll admit that I have picked out summery pieces that colour-coordinate with my excellent diary (it’s the
Dior Vernis Couture Gel Shine Nail Lacquer in
One of my most-used SPFs, especially if I’m wearing makeup over the top:
Bourjois
If you like a spot of shimmer in your brush-on tan then the
My other skin cheat: Hylamide Glow. I’ve banged on and on about this, but I do love it so dearly for a foolproof, gradual face tan. I use it neat, like a serum, but if you’re very fair (or more cautious than me) mix it into your face cream. Used every few days it gives the most subtle, healthy glow (quite often I skip foundation if I’ve been Hylamide-ing) but you can build it up quickly to a stronger colour by using every night. It’s £20 and lasts for ages and ages. I use mine constantly and still have half a bottle left… This is currently on sale at LookFantastic – £13.40 instead of £20
I completely forgot to include the
So I definitely don’t think that a micellar water can (or should) replace a proper cleanse, one with a washcloth and warm water, but it’s bloody useful when you’ve only got thirty seconds to do your entire beauty routine! They can also be nice and gentle as a final “clean sweep” over your skin once you’ve done a proper wash – if you’re not in the bath and are trying to be careful with your face-splashing then sometimes bits get missed, I find, especially around the hairline and under the chin…
Anyway, the one from Australian natural beauty brand
You can find the Sukin Micellar Cleansing Water at Boots
Mine eyes! They feel as though they’ve been replaced with shrivelled up conkers – the inside of my lids are like pieces of sandpaper. It’s all so dry in the orbital region that it’s amazing I don’t start little fires in my eye sockets when I blink.
It must be the pollen, though I don’t usually get hayfever so that’s odd. It probably doesn’t help that I’m up all through the night, tending to the baby, and that my “entertainment” of choice is scrolling through ASOS (or Rightmove) on my iPhone. There’s nothing more wearing on the eyeballs than hours of relentless, fruitless window shopping. (Does anyone else get motion sickness if they scroll too fast?)
So yes, my eyes are tired and sensitive and I’m trying to treat them kindly and soothe them with lovely things. And when I take my eye makeup off, I’m really making an effort to be gentle, pressing the remover-soaked cotton pads over my eyes and waiting for fifteen, twenty seconds before taking them away, rather than rushing the process and wiping frantically, which always results in my sore undereye problem.
Current soothing favourites, at the risk of repeating myself, because I have mentioned these a few times recently:
Eyebright Soothing Eye Lotion
Sens’Eyes
Stubborn Makeup Remover
Read: More Posts on Stuff For Sensitive Eyes

My lovely sister-in-law came to visit me over the Easter weekend and, as she’s a true makeup junkie, I decided to have a delve into my various storage boxes and drawers and offload some of my unused cosmetics. (Note that I say
Anyway, as I was clacking my way though about fifty-thousand eyeshadow palettes and pulling out concealers that hadn’t seen the light of day since the millennium, I discovered quite a few odds and ends that used to be firm makeup favourites. And they weren’t shelved away because I stopped loving them, I simply had other things to test.
So here they are; some of my old makeup favourites. Long-time readers will remember the ByTerry
I’ll tell you what, though: Charlotte Tilbury’s
As I’m on a bit of a skincare-posting roll, here’s the last of my pregnancy posts that has been lingering in my drafts folder. Mainly because a few of these products have been featured elsewhere, and I didn’t want to repeat myself…
But it’s good to have all of my pregnancy spot-busters all on one page – this is for the people who find themselves plagued with hormonal breakouts in the first (or any) part of pregnancy and don’t know what an
During my first trimester, when my skin felt horrible, I cleansed with First Aid Beauty’s
I also relied quite heavily on the
The main thing, I think, is NOT to strip the absolute life out of your face with harsh, stripping cleansers. Be gentle, and even if your skin feels oily, resist the temptation to “dry it out”. The FAB red clay cleanser above is about as gel-like washy-wash as I’ll go…
Then the treatment Blemish Serum from Pai, £42
The Pai serum is incredibly hydrating – which is unusual for spot stuff – but if you want to continue the theme, with a lightweight-but-potent moisturiser, then I can highly recommend the Toleriane Fluid from La Roche-Posay. A firm favourite of mine for years. It’s currently a
Lastly, the Freederm spot gel (
And a final reminder to wear a good SPF (loads of posts
I’ve updated my skincare routine; firstly because we’re moving into the warmer months and there’s the inevitable extra sun exposure, and secondly because I’m no longer pregnant and my skin is far less sensitive. I’ve started to add stronger and more active products into my routine and I’ve upped the antioxidants to give a bit of extra protection against pollution and UV and so on. (Mostly in the form of serums such as the Alpha-H Vitamin C, or the Skinceuticals Ferulic, which I totally forgot to put in the video.)
When I talk of adding more “active” products in, I’m really talking about acid peels – usually glycolic-based – but I’ve also had amazing results from the Anne Semonin eye cream that I mentioned in my
So just a few little tweaks, but overall the basic “flow” of my skincare routine is the same. In general, I’d say that it goes something like this:
AM
cleanse
hydrate
protect
moisturise
finish
PM
deep cleanse
hydrate
moisturise
and then, every other night or so:
exfoliate
It sounds more complicated when I go through it all on video, but it’s basically
OK, here goes – all of the products are listed below the video screen and if you need more suggestions for skincare products then you can browse all of my reviews and recommendations
Disclaimer: this is not a sponsored or paid-for post or advertorial.

I’m just flagging this up so that nobody feels left out; I’m running a HUGE giveaway with Benefit Cosmetics over on my Instagram page. They’re giving away five full sets of their brow products, each worth £242 and including thirteen different brow cosmetics and tools. Their head Brow Wizard, Lisa, will be colour-matching each winner to the right shade (via Instagram pics, not in person) so this is a brilliant chance to have a complete brow overhaul.
I had my own brows overhauled this week and I must say that it makes me look far more groomed and pulled-together. I’m a moody sod when it comes to my brows – I try to be a sort of rebellious remedy to the perfectly drawn-on, sharp-arched brows that are all over the internet, but I have to admit that my eyebrows do quite often pale into insignificance. I’m very fair and in some lights I look like an alien.
Anyway, a quick tint and shape later and my brows are looking quite excellent. I mean, I actually
To enter the brow giveaway, head on over to Instagram
If you fancy reading about my favourite Benefit Brow product,
PS: I’m well aware that it’s Sunday, yet this is not a
I mentioned the Kypris
It’s a lightweight, watery serum (nothing like the rich, creamy serum I reviewed in my
The big player in the Moonlight Catalyst is the enzymatic exfoliant, which is pumpkin-derived. (One of my favourite fast-acting face masks also stars this exfoliant – Peter Thomas Roth’s
Now I’m no stranger to acid exfoliants, but never have I been able to tolerate one this effective whilst pregnant – usually if they’re strong enough to make a visible difference, they’re too strong for my skin and I get redness around my nose or on my chin, or I get breakouts. Kypris Moonlight Catalyst didn’t leave any redness, there were no breakouts and, in fact, my skin felt and looked calmer and more balanced. No tightness or uncomfortable stinging sensation, just really bright and fresh skin the following morning. It was a bit of a trouble-shooter, a few times, magically sorting out spots and dry patches and dullness all at the same time!
I’m afraid this is another pricey serum, though you do get almost 50ml rather than the 30ml offered up in most serum bottles. Moonlight Catalyst is £74 at Cult Beauty
Moonlight Catalyst, then: great for those who want renewed, rejuvenated skin overnight, who want effective ingredients that repair and protect as well as brighten and who perhaps want the hit of a serious “anti-ageing” product without worrying about the retinol/pregnancy issue. (Read about that
If you’re after that exfoliant hit but without the luxury budget then take a look at the
Hydrating serums seem to have become a non-negotiable part of my skincare routine. I like the intense hit of moisture that they provide, I like that they are (almost always) lightweight and fresh feeling and quick to apply, I like that they can plump and smooth the skin without leaving any residue and I like that they can be slipped on before pretty much any face cream or standalone SPF.
I’ve tested dozens of hydrating serums now, and I wanted to start writing up my reviews before I lose track of which ones work best. I think I’ve already written about quite a few, including the very affordable one from
This is – unusually – an incredibly rich serum. You know how I just said that hydrating serums were lightweight and fresh feeling? This one doesn’t fit that description at all – it has a satisfying heaviness to it and even without a moisturiser layered in top I can feel the moisturising effects eight, ten, even twelve hours after application. I have tested this serum to the nth degree – on its own, beneath loads of different face creams, straight under foundation, as a night treatment – and it works perfectly whichever way you decide to use it. Properly plumped skin, and although there’s more of a residue than you’d get with one of those weightless, watery serums, it’s not greasy or shiny.
On the front of the bottle, two statements: “Intense Hydration” and “Wrinkle Plumper”. Maybe that’s one statement over two different lines of text, I don’t know. Either way it delivers on both of these fronts, to the point that my skin is still looking pretty sweet at the end of a long day, today, and all I have on is Super Aqua-Serum. No moisturiser, because I had to chase Angelica who had the remote control for the Apple TV and was about to drop it into the toilet. Then life took over and I forgot to do the rest of my routine.
So if you’re looking for a very hydrating serum to pop on underneath a tinted moisturiser or BB Cream and don’t want to layer on a standalone moisturiser too, this is a good one. I test so many serums and very few of them still feel this dewy to the touch after a fourteen hour day.
Read more serum reviews…
My only complaint? That the Super Aqua-Serum (note that this is the original version, a white creamy serum, not the “light” one) doesn’t smell of Parma Violets like much of Guerlain’s other skincare. I know we’re not supposed to want scent in our skincare, blah blah naughty naughty, but Guerlain’s stuff usually smells utterly divine. Usually. This one doesn’t really smell of much, but what it
Most skin types will enjoy the Super Aqua – if you’re extremely dehydrated you can layer it up beneath a nice
The Super Aqua-Serum RRP is £79, but it’s slightly less at Escentual
Back to the beauty favourites – a good mix of body, hair, skincare and makeup this month. Oh, and some panty liners thrown in for good measure. I deliberated for ages (ten minutes) over whether to include panty liners – they’re not exactly the most glamorous of items – but they have been my most-used item of the month, so it would be wrong of me to leave them out!
(Thought: what is a “panty”? I mean, I know what
Anyway, these liners are “of note” because they are pure organic cotton (breathable) and aren’t fragranced. I won’t go into too much detail here (I’m going to do a gross TMI post on
On that note, let’s get on with the video, shall we? If you do want to read lots of posts with far too much information shared about my body then make sure you bookmark (or subscribe to) my other blog,
I feel as though Chanel are always going to be on a bit of a losing streak with me, when it comes to bringing out new foundations. And that’s not because they’re bringing out bad foundations (Chanel do excellent face bases); it’s because I’ve already found perfection (quite literally) in the form of their
I’ve harped on about
But this isn’t a review of the Perfection Lumiere Velvet: Chanel have added a new foundation to their range,
So I’m definitely not the target market, here, but I’ve put my own preferences aside and given the Teint Ultra Tenue a good, thorough testing, with some before and after photos so that you can see the effect for yourselves.
Teint Ultra Tenue comes as a fluid in a glass bottle and as a powder in a compact. The powder and I didn’t quite see eye to eye (I’d use it to set makeup, perhaps, but not as a foundation) and so it was the bottled
Although this is labelled a “fluid”, it has quite a dense texture – it’s certainly not runny like the Perfection Lumiere Velvet – and I find it far claggier to apply and blend. But it absolutely does have a matte finish and the wear is indeed long. I tried cleansing a patch of it from the back of my hand and it took three attempts with a cleansing oil to start breaking it down, followed by a cream cleanse to thoroughly remove all traces. Very, very impressive. But that’s why the product has a heavier feel – it’s giving full coverage for the whole day with no shifting and I’m not sure you could expect that from a very lightweight foundation. (Although I must say that Perfection Lumiere Velvet has a pretty good go!)
Shall we take a look at coverage and finish? Here’s my face before the foundation:
The usual darkish circles, bits of redness and so on. All obliterated by the mighty coverage of the Teint Ultra Tenue:
– which does manage to give quite a nice dose of luminosity at the same time as being completely matte. Now a closer look at the skin:
Very full coverage (I used one light application, I could have easily built it up more under the eyes) and a matte finish. The foundation doesn’t sit brilliantly well on the top lip and at the sides of the nose, but that’s down to the heavy texture and the fact that it sets very quickly on application, making it quite difficult to blend properly. A damp makeup sponge is better than a brush, but either way it’s not the most foolproof of face bases! It feels ever so slightly waxy and immovable, though it doesn’t perhaps
Browse more foundation reviews…
I’d say that this definitely isn’t the right foundation for you if you have dry skin, or lots of fine lines, and I do wonder how it would fare over blemishes, especially if they were surrounded by that annoying flaky skin you can get from acne treatments. Yes, the coverage is good,
What I would say is that if you are very oily and find that most makeup slips or disappears by midday then Teint Ultra Tenue would last like a dream. The staying power is serious; if you’re the sort of person who reaches for the
You can read my review of Perfection Lumiere Velvet
See also: Dior Forever
The title of this post suggests that you’re about to see a load of limited edition makeup from the Spring 2017 collections: not so. Including the season and the year at the end of the title is just a way of me giving some sort of “time stamp” to a feature that I’d like to repeat throughout the year. I could have put the month at the end, but I’m a realist: there’s no way that a) I’ll update my makeup bag that frequently or b) manage to film a makeup video once a month. Not at the moment, at any rate…
So, what
New finds include the
On with the video – there’s a little guest appearance in the first part, which couldn’t be helped. Newborns, eh?! You can find a full product list further on down the page, beneath the screen.
Outbound links are affiliate links, which means that I receive a very small percentage of the revenue for any sale made. This does not affect my content in any way and does not cost you anything, but you are most welcome to Google the products on a new page if you prefer.
Makeup Bag:
Goodness I’m shattered. I mean really, really shattered. I’m not about to go into a huge whinge about why I’m so shattered, I just wanted to set the tone. Because the beauty products I’m about to tell you about have all had quite a dramatic effect on my mood in the last few weeks, making me feel instantly uplifted and giving me a bit of an energy boost. Or a moment of relaxing, mind-soothing escapism, depending on the time of day.
(Admittedly most of this mood-enhancing happens in my en suite, in the twenty minute gap between one baby drifting off to sleep for a nap and the older one waking up, which is far from a glamorous spa escape in some luxury Maldivian hotel resort, but you have to get your beauty kicks somewhere!)
The
Darphin’s
And then NEOM’s new
What are your mood boosters? I’m building up quite a collection of them in my bathroom cabinet, though they’re mostly luxury aromatherapy oils and sprays…any budget suggestions that don’t smell like
There’s a very nice gift with purchase running at
Highlights in this beauty gift include a full size MAC
I’m pleased to see a lovely glass bottle of the
You can see the full product list below – I’ve tried to add in more detail where possible, including sample size and the value of full size items, but Harvey Nichols say that the equivalent total value of the gift is around £600. The gift is free to Rewards customers (you can download the
So, if you need to stock up on any luxuries (or essentials, for that matter!) then now’s the time to do it… You can find out more info or shop for your beauty bits
Harvey Nichols
Iconic London Strobing stick – full size, shade “SHINE”, worth £24.99
(Please note that not all of the products are included in my photographs and that my products varied ever so slightly from the ones listed on the HN website. I’ve indicated this in the list above.
These shiny pots are a devil to take photos of: apologies. I actually got rather a shock when I edited my pictures because my gurning “concentrating” face appeared in one of the reflections – well, half of my face. The other half was behind the camera. At any rate, it’s scary seeing yourself completely off-guard and in the throes of passionate artistic endeavour.
So, Clinique’s
It’s really hard to put a label on the Custom-Repair
I would say that the plumping action is the most prevalent of all of the things this cream claims to do, but that’s fine – that’s really what I need at the moment, what with the criss-crossing of lines on my forehead and my dry, tight skin.
Browse all face cream reviews…
Those who have combination skin in a big way (can’t do oily moisturisers but have very dehydrated or dry patches) will love the “Dry Combination” version that I’ve been testing. It somehow adapts itself to tackle whichever skin-complaint obstacle that gets in its way, which is perhaps why they call it
A few of you wanted an ingredients list when I featured this a few months ago in a video – I can’t find one online at all, but I’ve quickly snapped the back of the box so that you can take a look. You can find the Smart Night Custom-Repair Moisturiser online
Wanting to compile the Ultimate Mother’s Day Wishlist, I emailed my Mum to ask her what sort of things she would
A got back the longest, weirdest list of things and then, ten minutes later, an email that made me so emotional, I had a little cry…
On the weird list: “a garden plant that you have forever so long as you don’t kill it off, some large boulders to make a sculpture for the Buddhist garden, a McDonald’s breakfast! Good bottle of balsamic,
And then the email that made me hide in the bathroom for five minutes so that I could regain my composure: “I wasn’t old enough to be able to show my Mum I appreciated her before she died. I remember she paid for my sister and me to do ballet and tap, and for each concert there had to be costumes made and paid for and fabric bought. One concert my Mum said she didn’t have enough for my soldier’s outfit and I was really sad and disappointed but accepted it. A week later she told me to go and look on my bed and she had scraped the money together and it was all laid out!!! I was so into ballet and when my brother went into the army I had my own room and she decorated one wall with a dark grey wallpaper with pastel drawings of ballerinas. She was so into interior design. Her bedroom was covered in ivy running over trellises! Crazy! I like ringing my sister because she always starts going on about Mammy and I start to remember things I had long buried when I left home. So TIME to be together is the uppermost and the best present – and to have a laugh. Memories.”
So there you go – two approaches to Mother’s Day from one person. Food for thought when you’re deciding on a present. After I’d stopped weeping and my Mum had managed to rein in her rampant imagination, we put together what we hope is a relatively sensible list of ideas, if you’re stuck for Mother’s Day inspiration – but do feel free to consult the weird list above if that tickles your fancy. Because, you know,
Photo-books
Skincare
Mum loves testing things for me, as you’ve probably realised by now, and set about the trial with her usual sense of both military precision and hand-rubbing glee. Whereas I like to mix and match my beauty, Mum is quite the lover of skincare sets and one-brand routines.
She says “older people often don’t like to waste money on trying new things, and tend to stick to the good old products that have worked on them for years. We don’t always try out new things; we should, but we are afraid it might be a waste of money. So skincare is a great present – and, to make a long story even longer, the best beauty gift is a
Her verdict on Age Perfect? “I like the simple packaging and no-nonsense descriptions – “anti-sagging” and “anti-age spots”, and I love the aroma, which doesn’t leave me walking around all day smelling like a coconut or a figgy pudding. The cleanser is gorgeous, leaves my skin soft and dewy and the night cream is so light – it looks like a rich cold cream but actually has the lightest texture. But the Re-Hydrating Face, Neck and Décolleté Lotion? WOW! This goes on beautifully, absorbs quickly and is
No, Mother, it is not expensive at all: it’s £15 at Boots
National Trust Subscription
Personalised Perfume
Candles
Time
*this post has been sponsored by L’Oreal.
Stationery shown throughout, all from
Do you find that your foundation slips or goes patchy on your nose and forehead, where your skin is oilier? There are some brilliant primers for oily and combination skin out there – used after moisturising (or straight after a hydrating serum, as you prefer) a good primer will create a smooth base for your makeup and help to balance and control oils so that your foundation sticks around for longer.
As I’ve been pregnant and/or breastfeeding for about the past eight hundred years and so have a face that’s as dry as a prune, I set my friend Charlotte the task of testing out four different primers. Here’s her feedback…
Zelens Velvet Primer
Estée Lauder Matte Perfecting Primer
Suqqu Treatment Primer
bareMinerals
Looks as though there are two clear winners, here, in the mattifying primer race; Zelens and Estée Lauder. I must remember to test out all of the “pore-filling” primers I have lined up, too – they make for very good close-up before-and-after photographs!
If you’re after a primer-and-base-in-one, then I couldn’t be more won-over by the
Read the full review of the BB Blur
More skincare products for oily skin…
I’m about to be a total tease because
Really, there’s not a massive difference between the
Read my post on Narciso Eau de Parfum…
Whichever version tickles your fancy, I’d say you should definitely give this a try if you like warm, sexy-but-comforting scents. It’s 10% intense sultriness but about 90% cashmere. It has that expensive sort of softness that still smells good on your clothes three days after you’ve spritzed it. It’s chic, with its musk and its cedar base but adds a touch of pretty with some rose and white gardenia. Overall it’s just beautifully balanced and wearable – you’ll love it if you want your fragrance to be grown-up but unstuffy. There are no overpowering florals, here, and the musk is understated and delicately done. Feminine but not girly. Sensual but not overtly “come hither”. You could wear it to seduce, but you wouldn’t feel awkward meeting the in-laws. It’s the olfactory equivalent of a Burberry pencil skirt and a fine-knit tee, not a mini dress worn with “ouvert” pants* .
Please. Somebody stop me.
You can find the Eau de Parfum at Escentual.com
*look it up
When Victoria Beckham launched her eponymous makeup collection with Estee Lauder last year, the bronzer – in its ribbed leather compact – was one of my top picks. But boy was it a bronzey bronzer. Java was (is), for someone of my particular colouring, a proper “two weeks in the Maldives” sort of bronzer rather than one of those easy-to-wear brush-on-sunshine sort of bronzers.
Read: Victoria Beckham x Estee Lauder Makeup Collection Review
Don’t get me wrong; Java looks gorgeous. It gives great shape to my face and makes me look very polished and pulled-together and, with a slick of red lipstick, a bit like I’m one of the girls from a Robert Palmer video, but it requires care during application. It’s dark, and it’s warm in tone, so it’s easy to go overboard.
The new release,
The finish is on the velvety-matte side rather than anything shimmery or glittery, which makes this a good all-season bronzer rather than one of those spangly ones you can only wear after you’ve had a week in Ibiza. I’m not into the whole contouring trend, but – as I mention above – this gives a good uncontrived contour beneath the cheekbones, if it’s shaping that you’re after, and it looks equally as good taken across the top of the cheekbones and bridge of the nose, in that more innocent,
So, if you’re in the market for a good-looking compact that you’ll get a lot of use from then this could be the one to seek out. Heavy in the hand, gorgeous gold detailing and that sexy ribbed leather covering to the case – it’s a proper treat. It looks as though it’s sold out already on the Estee Lauder website, but it’s at Net-a-Porter
I’m so impressed with Alpha-H’s latest launch – I think that it really taps into the trend for bespoke skincare, but in a way that’s simple and easy to understand. The
Three of the vitamin serums in the set were available already – A, C and E – but the Profiling Collection brings them together with a new addition, the amazing
The idea behind the serums (and, I suppose, most serums in general) is that they give a very concentrated and potent shot of ingredients that’s quick to apply and easy to incorporate into your skincare routine. You massage in a few drops before you apply your moisturiser and that’s your “treatment” part of your routine ticked off – whether you’re worried about fine lines or lack of elasticity or the beauty perils of being exposed to pollution or to the elements, you’ve given yourself a very targeted solution without having to think too much about it.
The Vitamin Profiling Collection tackles pretty much any major skincare concern you can think of and allows you to mix and match as needed. So if you’re oily and battling breakouts one week then there’s a vitamin combination for that, and if the following you have to do a couple of flights for work and also have a boozy client dinner that leaves your skin looking like the surface of a prune, then there’s a combination for that, too.
As a very basic guide, the different serums have the following benefits:
Vitamin A
Vitamin B
Vitamin C
Vitamin E
With the launch of the kit, Alpha-H have produced a profiling “wheel” that lines up your concerns and tells you which combination of serums to use for your specific problems – one serum for the morning and one before bed. I love this idea – it gives you a very simple and fuss-free guide so that you’re not inundated with about twenty-thousand skincare options.
In fact the Profiling Collection itself answers a big beauty need, in my opinion – the need to just be told in a very straightforward way exactly what you need to apply and when, without having to read lists of instructions or have dozens of different serums on your bathroom shelf. The wheel comes free with the kits on Cult Beauty
List of skincare complaints and the serum solutions…
The Vitamin Profiling Collection costs £49.99 at Cult Beauty
*list of Instagram winners for last week’s giveaway: @lotusthreads, @sianemmayoung, @imriaroo, @sweetpeameme, @inthelavenderhaze_, @bazioti, @stegler_studio, @mrchickenkitty, @bridgenscaroline, @jazzijade – congratulations, I’ll be in touch by DM on Instagram to get your addresses!
The new-look Colab Dry Shampoo cans have launched! Teeny-tiny mermaids, tropical palm leaves and a smart new design for the
As many of you know, I have been hugely involved with Colab from the start and I’m so proud of how we’ve developed as a brand – the dry shampoo is now sold all over the world and our special residue-free formula (no annoying white dust in your roots) is becoming something of a cult buy.
Each new Colab dry shampoo has a different fragrance, but don’t worry if you already have a favourite – we’ve kept the original scents and given them a bit of a facelift in the packaging department!
Exactly the same formula and scent (smells like Tom Ford’s
Rio
If you’re at a total loss as to what an earth you’re supposed to do with dry shampoo then let me make it quick and easy for you: spray it liberally into your roots when your hair’s feeling a little oily or lank; massage it in with fingertips and then either brush it out or leave in for a bit of a root boost. I use it constantly, even though I wash my hair every other day, because it gives lift and pizazz to my fine hair and makes it look a bit thicker and “done”. It’s quite literally my daily hair essential.
You can find a full list of worldwide stockists
In the UK, you can find the new cans at
I feel as though I haven’t done a makeup post in ages, so here we are: a bit of springtime blush to add some fresh colour to dull, wintery faces. Two lovely peachy shades – one from Dior’s Spring collection and the other a blush from YSL’s permanent makeup line-up.
In the interests of transparency, I haven’t actually worn any makeup for about a month – the photos below were taken a few days before I gave birth, and since then the need (and desire) to wear cosmetics has pretty much gone out of the window. The only person looking at my pale, sleepless face is the New Baby, Ted, and I’m not sure he’s bothered about anything apart from my breasts.
I digress: back to blushers. Lots of people think that orangey shades are really difficult to wear, but actually I think that they are somehow more forgiving than pink. The gentle warmth can be very flattering – and at any rate the area you’re applying the blush to is quite small – it’s not as though you’re bashing it on all over as you would a bronzer. Perhaps that’s what frightens people – almost everyone has had a disaster with a too-orange bronzer!
But limited to the apples of the cheeks, peachy shades are pretty foolproof and – incidentally – a nice option if you want to skip the bronzer altogether but still add an element of sunny warmth to the skin.
I’m only really having this orange blush love-in because I fell for YSL’s Limited Edition
For those wanting more of a coral tone (edging towards the pinkier side of peachy!) Dior have a very pretty blush in their spring collection; the
Dior’s Colour Gradation Blush is much more vibrant than the YSL one, so good for darker skin tones and for adding colour to sunkissed skin in the summer months. You can see that the majority of the powder is erring on the pink side, but being the peach aficionado that I am, I’ve been tending to wave my brush about in the top segment, getting a good hit of orange and catching just a hint of the pink.
While I have you, a spot of website housekeeping: firstly, there’s a brilliant Alpha-H giveaway happening on my Instagram page, if you’re reading this before noon on Friday 3rd! You can find me on Instagram by searching @modelrecommends. Secondly, for those commenting on the Merumaya samples post for the Exfoliating Toner: please read the instructions in the post and follow the sign-up link! Leaving a comment does
The last of my pregnancy skincare posts, now – I’ve safely delivered Baby Number Two (a gorgeous boy) and so am no longer pregnant, and I just wanted to get these features out there before they became completely outdated and irrelevant! You can read my post on safe pregnancy skincare
I’ve been very lucky in that my skin was quite wonderful throughout both of my pregnancies, save for the first couple of months (which are notoriously dodgy anyway, due to mad hormones and feeling ill and not eating normally and so on). The photographs on this page were taken four days before I gave birth, so I was thirty-nine weeks pregnant, and you can hopefully see how well-behaved my face was being!
Now I know that you could dismiss this entire post and give “pregnancy hormones” all of the credit for my glowing, clear complexion, but I genuinely don’t think that would be either fair or accurate. Because I think that the initial hormonal changes actually make my skin worse and then things level out in the second and third trimesters – I am convinced that it’s all of the little skincare habits I tend to adopt that make the most difference.
Here are some of the skincare habits I adopt during pregnancy that I believe make a considerable difference to my face – I’m really trying to hang on to these little changes, because I love that fresh-faced, blemish-free, even-toned pregnancy glow!
Alcohol
SPF
Antioxidants
Gentle Products
Oils
What’s not so good about my skin during pregnancy? It feels dry, tight and my fine lines are definitely more visible. I have to battle really hard to keep my skin (and body) hydrated, which is a theme that seems to continue post-partum and during the breastfeeding months, hence the oils added in (above) and my obsession with thirst-quenching creams and lotions. I’ve linked to a few mega-moisturiser recommendations below…
READ MORE: The Best Moisturisers for Very Dry Skin
READ MORE: Beauty Products for Dehydrated Skin
Atkinsons’
I don’t know too much about Atkinsons as a brand, other than the fact that they sell their fragrances in big, 100ml hip-flask type bottles that feel slightly as though they should be part of an
Despite my lack of background knowledge, I’ve tried quite a few of Atkinsons’ perfumes, including the golden-bottled
Love In Idleness
Browse all fragrance reviews…
The inspiration behind the fragrance is (you may have guessed from the name) Shakespeare’s
You can find Love In Idleness at Selfridges
I said that I’d get back to you with my verdict on the
And do you know what? The Pixi Glowtion
In terms of actual glow, there’s a little more surface sheen with Pixi’s Glowtion – it’s almost on a par with Victoria Beckham’s
So, in the Lauder vs Pixi race, which one do you go for? Well, I think that Glowtion is lighter and fresher and so great for all skin types, including dehydrated/oily, which is always a bugger to contend with. But if you prefer a richer, more cushiony feel and have older, more parched skin, then Lauder’s Wake Up Balm is more – er – balm-like. It has less sheen, so those with lots of fine lines might prefer the finish, though on the other hand, if you want a proper glow without having to apply makeup then Glowtion is your new best friend.
Both products offer superb levels of service when it comes to Crap Skin Rescue, especially if you’re looking for a one-step moisturiser and primer, but Glowtion does it more affordably. You can find Pixi Glowtion at LookFantastic
Oh, Hourglass: everything you touch, makeup-wise, seems to turn to gold. Or at least a very chic, subtly-skin-illuminating, non-glittery version of gold. Cosmetics brand Hourglass are becoming synonymous with the megawatt glow we all strive for in order to make ourselves look alive, but rather than the slimy snail-trail cheekbone-highlights you so often see on Instagram, the Hourglass megawatt glow is expensive-looking and almost undetectable, even when you peer in closely in an attempt to see what kind of wizardry is going on.
The heroes of this “Hourglass Glow” are undoubtedly the
And now, into the mix, an edit of “strobe lighting” blushers; The
These are blushers with bonus glow – they dramatically brighten the face, acting as a kind of powdered complexion enhancer, and they are brilliant on dull days when nothing seems to be perking up your skin. There’s enough of the colour pigment that you only need a light hand to apply the blush, which means that there’s no danger of overdoing the glow (ok, there’s
The coral shade on the left of the palette is available singly, it’s called
The
The Hourglass Ambient Strobe Lighting Blush Palette launches today at
Find the new palette
The winner of the Instagram giveaway, if you’re here for the results, is @madamemooon. Well done – I will be in touch via DM for your address!
I mentioned the (really quite excellent) cleanser from this new range in my
In true “White Company” style, the range is minimalist and clean-looking, luxury but fuss-free. I remember saving up for my first proper bedsheets from The White Company when Mr AMR and I bought our first house – I couldn’t believe that sheets could cost so much, but when I slipped between the crisp linen layers I instantly understood what all of the hullabaloo was about.
I’ve digressed, but I suppose I’m trying to drive home the whole “simple quality” aesthetic for those who don’t know the brand – white sheets edged in pale grey ribbon, neutral cashmere loungewear, chunky knit throws that are straight from a well-curated Instagram page… The new skincare range is totally “on brand” – a capsule collection of suit-all essentials that keep things simple but in a pleasingly luxurious way.
Take the
And it’s no surprise that each and every one of the products I’ve tried from the range (cleanser, serum, face oil, moisturiser and eye cream) has impressed me, because the formulators behind the range are none other than boundary-pushing beauty brand DECIEM, makers of “niod” and “Hylamide” and, most recently, the incredibly affordable “Ordinary” serums. Quite a collaboration – these aren’t brands you’d necessarily put hand-in-hand, but if you wanted someone to sit up and take your skincare range seriously then DECIEM would be the people you’d use.
But the partnership works. I’m continuously confused by DECIEM’s ranges and what the various products do (despite there being dozens and dozens of absolute gems) but here, they channel their immense expertise and knowledge of high-performance ingredients into a capsule collection so simple and pared back you can’t fail to love it. Of course, many people want more targeted, customised skincare and so avoid the “one size fits all” approach, but those who have absolutely no clue where to start, or simply want products that work, with minimal fuss and discussion about skin “needs” and “concerns”, will be overjoyed.
I’ll get back to you with some individual reviews, but for now if you fancy taking a look at The White Company’s Advanced Skincare Collection then it is
Mr AMR would rather repeatedly stick a screwdriver into his eye sockets than do anything for Valentine’s, but I, for one, think that it’s the perfect excuse to receive a little treat. Something beautifully scented, something flirty and pink, or pale and expensive and understated. Here are my own picks for Valentine’s Day presents – a mini gift guide, if you will…
(I threw in the cashmere socks from The White Company (top right of photo) at the very last minute, because – well – why not? You can find them
The standout Valentine’s candle:
The sweet-as-candy sweater: Hush’s neon pink cashmere, with a bar of (amazingly addictive) rose chocolate thrown into the gift box for good measure. Yes, the jumper
The non-standard non-rose fragrance: Atkinsons’
The oh-so-cute lipsticks: matte, heart-shaped and just £6.90 from
The completely-unromantic-but-good-excuse-to-buy-it-because-it’s-rose face mask:
The boots! Oh man, the boots. I have never, ever been so excited to put on a pair of boots – roll on post-partum recovery when I have stomach muscles back and can actually stand upright without clinging onto something! The
The cult-buy lipsticks:
Oh – you can just about see Jo Malone’s
I had a baby! Read about my new arrival…
I made a cheeky little Space NK purchase just before Christmas; the
I thought that my love of Philosykos pre-dated this blog, but in actual fact I’ve just done some detective work (took all of fifteen seconds) and realised that I discovered the scent when I was invited to the Mayfair store around five years ago. I’ve worn it regularly ever since.
Philosykos is a fig scent: there’s no escaping that. It’s not “hint of fig” or “lightened by the freshness of fig leaf” or “emboldened by the fruitiness of fig”: it’s pure and unadulterated fig. There’s fig around every olfactory corner – fig leaf and, er, fig in the top notes and echoed in the green middle notes and then fig
If you love a fresh, green perfume, but one that has a slightly masculine, woody edge, then this is for you. It’s clean but earthy, simple but somehow endlessly interesting: it’s high-end Parisian lifestyle shops and it’s chic women who waft about managing to look fabulous in just a grey jersey t-shirt and indigo jeans and white Converse with something cashmere thrown over their shoulders. I have no clue what I’m on about at this point (four-day-old baby lying across me as I type, brain is addled) but I need to make my feelings for Philosykos clear: it’s a life-long love affair.
Read about more of my favourite fig-scented things…
I’ll never outgrow this perfume, or tire of it – it’s going to be a life-long love affair. I’ve never come across an occasion that it didn’t suit, but more to the point, I’m comfortable with it as an everyday fragrance staple. It never irks me; there’s never a note that jars or makes me nauseous or slightly claustrophobic. It’s just a classic, plain and simple, and if you haven’t tried it then you should.
I’ve just been on Space NK to look at the new (ish?)
Diptyque Philosykos Eau de Toilette costs from £60 (or £45 with the code!) at Space NK
If you read my post on pregnancy skincare last week, you’ll have seen that I asked cosmetic dermatologist Dr Sam Bunting for her opinion on a couple of quite controversial ingredients – retinol and salicylic acid. Many professionals (including Dr Sam) are of the opinion that these ingredients should be side-stepped altogether during pregnancy, others feel that they are ok at the strengths you’d find in typical shop-bought products.
Pregnancy Skincare: What’s Safe to Use?
Personally, I haven’t got the energy or inclination to be stressing about “what ifs” when it comes to pregnancy-related choices and so tend to play things safe (though I am by no means fanatical and have been known to very occasionally crack out the salicylic spot cream when needed!) so when it comes to skincare, I tend to swap out the heavy-duty stuff and look for alternatives.
I’ve tested dozens of products throughout this pregnancy in an attempt to find some brilliant alternatives to the anti-ageing hero that is retinol, and the spot-soothing, blackhead-busting wonder ingredient that is salicylic acid. Here are my favourite “safe” swaps for powerful products – no-worry alternatives that are free from anything that might make you lose sleep*.
If you usually use
If you need
If you love
(*This post isn’t intended to scaremonger or to stress you out if you
Woo, there’s some serious alliteration going on there! “Chanel Coco Codes Collection”
Anyway, as I say, I can’t go on too much, so this is a sort of “holding post” until I’m back in action. I have some beautiful photographs of the new Chanel collection and want to show you how it all looks in real life, on my face, and so when I have a spare moment I will bombard you with pics. I just didn’t want you to be miffed if you took a fancy to the
My favourite pieces from Chanel’s Spring 2017 drop are the face powder palettes. The Coco Code
I actually wouldn’t mind a version of this quad (permanent line, please!) with a more apricot/peach tone option instead of the pink. To make it easier to bash it all on with a big brush. In fact, the standalone
Right, I must be off – the baby’s head is crowning (joke!). You can find the whole of the
The last few weeks of pregnancy have not been kind to me, not in terms of peace and restfulness, anyway. Firstly, my nesting instinct kicked in, but instead of me polishing and sorting out drawers I’ve been on a crazy work frenzy, sending emails at midnight and editing video footage in the small hours of the morning. Secondly, I’ve been landed with quite a nasty case of insomnia, which started off because I needed to go to the loo approximately eighty-five times a night but has gradually developed into full-blown sleeplessness, where I’m awake from about 3 until 6am. It’s a horror, let me tell you!
Now I don’t know whether the two afflictions are feeding one another – it’s a chicken and egg situation. Maybe my work frenzy is causing the insomnia, or maybe I’m working through the night because sleep eludes me; either way, I’m suffering. So when Darphin offered me the opportunity to test their new All-Day Eye Refresh Gel-Cream before anyone else, I jumped (figuratively speaking, obviously) at the chance. They had me at the word “refresh”.
Darphin’s All-Day Eye Refresh Gel-Cream is part of the excellent
I digress: it’s the new Eye Refresh we’re talking about, here. In true Hydraskin style, this is a gorgeous hit of moisture for the eye area that really cools the skin – thanks to the “Frozen Water Algae” in the formula, and not one of those metal roller-ball or flat-plate applicators, which annoy me no end. I mean, don’t get me wrong, the cooling sensation from the metal is nice, but I always end up sliding it over my orbital bone too hard and I find that the product takes longer to absorb. I get bored, the eye cream gets bored, it’s no good for anyone.
Where was I? Cooling sensation. Much needed after a night on the laptop, looking at fantasy houses on Rightmove (surprisingly affordable, if anyone’s trying to decide between a one-bed flat in East London and a twenty-six bedroom castle in Scotland) and typing up beauty notes. And – I can imagine – I’ll be needing the cooling sensation even more from next week, when I’ll be up with New Baby!
There’s a good and noticeable hydration hit with the new All-Day Eye Refresh – apparently the Frozen Water Algae doesn’t just cool the skin, it helps to improve hydration, whilst Butterfly Lavender (best ingredient name ever) helps to slow down water evaporation. The benefits? A more refreshed-looking eye area, considerably de-puffed (though see below) and a decrease in dark circles over time.
On the de-puffing thing: you can help yourself
This is such a relaxing little routine and if you spend loads of time working at your laptop or staring at your iPhone screen it’s a great way of giving your eyes a break. It’s also a nice routine to follow as you apply your eye cream in the morning – makeup sits so much better on de-puffed faces and the eye area is especially hard to “fix” with concealer and so on if the skin looks tired and congested.
So, eye cream (or eye gel-cream) success! I think that the All-Day Eye Refresh Gel-Cream is a lovely addition to the Hydraskin range – comfortable, lightweight moisturisation that feels fresh and reviving. It doesn’t officially launch until next month, but Darphin wanted readers of
What’s more, the lovely team at Darphin have a great reader offer for you – an exclusive cosmetics bag from Parisian print ateliers
You can claim your lovely little cosmetics bag and Hydraskin sample by using the code
Right, I’m off to finish my final bit of work and then perhaps take some time out to, y’know, have this baby that’s been cooking away – thanks to Darphin for a) saving my eye area – the massage moves are genius – and b) another great reader offer. If you missed my post in the Autumn about my secret Paris tour with the brand, you can
Darphin.co.uk
Let’s take a look at some gorgeous new lipsticks, shall we? These are just some of the shades in the new “
Texture-wise, think creamy, balmy, the sort of formula you need to reapply reasonably frequently throughout the day, but don’t mind too much because it’s so soft and comfortable. Don’t mistakenly think that the
Here are my three favourite shades:
“Kitty” is a lovely pink-tinged my-lips-but-better sort of shade. Really pretty for the springtime and looks youthful with a spot of blusher on the cheeks too! Can you see the nice sheen? It’s not quite
“Nudist” feels quite orange in comparison, and I’ve started to steer away from the yellow undertones because the pinks make me look a little more lively.
And here’s “Tutu”. Quite a bit of mauve in this one, which is a bit more grown up than pretty pink, but it looks smart and – I like to think – flattering.
Browse more lipstick reviews…
What do you think? Are you into these balmy, creamy lipsticks, or do you prefer the edgier finish of a modern matte? You can see all of the Gen Nude shades at BareMinerals
(Other makeup I’m wearing: the new Chanel matte foundation, review upcoming, Cargo matte bronzer and Clarins Supra mascara.)
Excuse my blusher overload in this video – I got rather carried away testing that new Hourglass palette that everyone is raving about. (It’s nice,
I sort of wish that I had done a “behind the scenes” vlog, too, because my filming set-up was – quite frankly – ridiculous. I couldn’t sit on the floor (too pregnant) so I sat on a wicker hamper, but the wicker hamper COMPLETELY COLLAPSED under the weight of me. I almost punctured my bottom by landing on a pair of precise-point tweezers and along the way I crashed into a carefully stacked pile of makeup palettes. It was carnage.
Anyway, I’ll leave you with that mental image – do enjoy!

The whole issue of “safety” when it comes to certain skincare ingredients during pregnancy is a touchy one and experts seem to have quite divided opinions on it, which doesn’t help when you’re looking for solid information on something at an already very confusing and anxiety-ridden time.
To help clear things up, I asked cosmetic dermatologist
The main ingredients that seem to cause concern during pregnancy are retinol (Vitamin A, which has quite amazing effects on the skin in terms of plumping and de-lining and helping with pigmentation) and salicylic acid (a brilliant beta hydroxy acid that helps tackle acne in a big, big way). Salicylic has been shown to cause birth defects if taken in high dosages orally, and the same for Vitamin A.
Many experts and professionals say that these ingredients are perfectly safe at the (topically applied) levels you would see in a shop-bought, non-prescription product. Others warn to steer clear. My own two cents? I tend to avoid both during pregnancy, mainly because I’m a big “what if” sort of person and simply can’t deal with any added stress – especially if I have to try and find out what sort of strength an ingredient is being used at – but also because there are some great alternatives out there, in terms of effective ingredients. (See upcoming post, currently in editing mode but will be with you imminently!) So it’s not the end of the world, beauty-wise, to avoid them for nine months…
…
Do you have any skincare questions you’d like to ask Dr Sam? We will be on Twitter this Friday (27th January) from 2-3pm, chatting about skincare and pregnancy and answering queries. We were going to keep things pregnancy-specific, but depending on how much time we have, there may be space for more general questions too, so please come and join in! Make sure you’re following me (
*I should add that ultimately it is your face, your body, your pregnancy and your decision. If you are happy to spend time researching strengths of ingredients in certain products you wish to use, then there’s nothing wrong with that at all. Equally, I wouldn’t panic if I found out I was pregnant and I had been using shop-bought products with low levels of the ingredients above – in fact it happened to me both times. I just think that many people online, who may not be total beauty junkies or skincare enthusiasts, are looking for clear information and I hope that this is an easy guide.
I promised I’d tip you all off as soon as Caroline Hirons’
I’ve had a chance to give the Double Cleanse a really good go now and it has become an enjoyable (not to mention highly successful) part of my beauty routine. (Thank God, because Caroline is a good friend and it would have been
So, Pixi Double Cleanse. In one side a very effective makeup-removing balm, in the other a sumptuous cream-with-benefits. The texture of the balm is similar to something like Clinique’s
The cream has a cool, not-quite-buttery-but-not-too-runny texture and is also good at makeup removal, but the point is that you remove your makeup with the balm and the cream does the clever talking. It cleanses off anything that might be remaining on the skin, but it does it
More than you’d usually expect from your cleanser, that’s for sure. I tend to just “press” the cream cleanser off so that I’m not going in full-pelt with the flannel for a second (or third) time, and sometimes I leave the cream on for a few minutes as a kind of mini mask. Don’t know whether that’s advisable, but I do.
It’s a good one, the Double Cleanse, and I’d love to be able to buy the cream formula separately, maybe in a big pump-action bottle, just because I never use “paired” stuff up at the same rate! Caroline, make this happen! For the moment it’s available in one pot and it costs £24. They’ve started stocking it online at
A double-whammy of a review for you today, because not only have I been testing out the
Prai are a global skincare brand and their hero product, the
In actual fact, I have
So what is Prai’s Ageless Throat & Décolletage Cream? The product name is pretty self-explanatory – it’s a cream to be used on the neck and chest area – but it’s what’s inside the jar that deserves a little extra attention. A featherweight cream that manages to be really moisturising (and very potent, as you’ll see!) without any greasiness or surface residue. I’ve tried a few neck creams over the past few years and they have tended to be relatively heavy and greasy – I was actually under the impression that richer and heavier would be good on the neck and chest, for some reason. But according to Prai this is all wrong; a cream for that area should be light and easily absorbed to avoid stretching the skin.
I didn’t tell my Mum
Strangely, I found my Mum’s testing and reporting really satisfying. I find
My Mum sent me photos at the start of her trial and then every day until day ten, and, in fact, is still sending me photos daily, even though I’ve emailed her saying YOU CAN STOP NOW MUM. They are quite small, and they have been taken in natural light, which is notoriously unreliable, but Mum did try to take them at the same time every day and they were all taken in front of the computer using the webcam.
I have to say that I wasn’t quite so diligent with my testing – I did a week, and tried to remember to apply the cream twice a day, but there were a couple of missed sessions. Sessions is probably the wrong word, actually, because this is the quickest and lightest cream to apply. No lengthy massage needed, there’s no “ritual” or “regime” with the Prai cream, because the whole point is that touching, stretching and massaging the skin is kept to a minimum.
The Ageless Throat & Décolletage Cream contains something called
Though that is one of the beautiful things about Prai’s cream – high-end results, but a distinctly non-high-end price. You can find it at
What do you think? Do you fancy giving it a whirl? You can pick it up from
I said I’d keep you updated with the new Colab Dry Shampoo launch and here it is:
NEW Colab Paradise dry shampoo: better than half price at Superdrug, with free gift!
Dry shampoo is a big deal in the UK, but not so much in some other parts of the world, so to give you a quick recap on what it actually does: it absorbs oils in the roots of your hair so that it looks and feels cleaner without having to physically wash it with shampoo and water. It’s not an
So there was my little quickfire lesson for those who needed it! If you’ve always wondered what you can do about hair that’s dry or normal at the ends but oilier at the roots, dragging down your hairstyles and forcing you to wash your hair about seven times a day, then Colab is your answer. The newest addition to the range is Paradise: you need to smell this stuff to believe it! Think tropical islands, think expensive holidays (the type where someone brings you a cool flannel as you lie on your sunlounger), think of all of those amazing beauty products that launch every summer – glistening body oils, exotic-smelling sunscreens, coconut lip balms…
Now pile all of those tropical thoughts together and stick them in a can and you have – pretty much – Colab Paradise. It’s spray-on summer, except that you don’t have to wait months to use it. I’ve become rather addicted to the smell, if truth be known – I wore my parka when I was having my hair done last week and the hood is still
It launches today – you can find it at Superdrug
Because who
At any rate, a huge can of the best ever dry shampoo for £1.73 is a bit of a no-brainer. You’re welcome.
Colab Paradise at Superdrug

Every now and then I go for a bit of pink on the lips to make myself feel interesting and snazzy. It’s less in-your-face than red and, if you pick the right shade, it can look really youthful and flattering. Sometimes I stare at myself and everything just looks a bit beige, a bit flat – a spot of pink blush or pink lipstick can do wonders to liven things up especially if you’re tired or hungover.
I’m rather enamoured with this matte pink from Lancome – they have relaunched their classic
Just a very modern rose. It could almost have been powdered down to this matte finish, don’t you think? It hasn’t been – it’s just a really lovely true-matte formula. And, amazingly, not really drying in the slightest – in fact I like it far more than the creamy lipsticks that I tried from the range. The creamy nude I had didn’t give great coverage – the mattes were opaque and punchy.
You can find L’Absolu Nude at FeelUnique

Not strictly a foundation, but I’m going to treat the
I really can’t think of many bad things to say about this BB Cream at all, other than my usual gripe about shade ranges – we’ll get that out of the way shall we? I suppose it’s
Read more foundation reviews…
I looked quite orange in the 01
Great for those with oily and combination skin, but also hydrating enough for those who are on the dry side, this is a brilliant “one size fits all” sort of base and it has been on my face more than off it for about the last two months or so. I’m nearly through with this tube and I rarely finish off foundations – apart from the
Here are my before and after pics for the Clarins BB:
You can see that it’s really very decent coverage indeed – though admittedly I was having a
Close-ups, so that you can see how un-chalky and fresh-looking this is, starting without makeup:
…and after applying the BB:
I think it’s rather impressive. Doesn’t sit badly in the pores, equally doesn’t
In terms of texture, it’s fresh and easy to apply but at the same time has a creamy and comfortable feel – I can get away with just using serum underneath, which is good news for those with oilier skin who just want to pop a treatment beneath it, but it’s equally nice layered over a rich moisturiser if you have very, very dry skin. Works well in all ways. The only thing I don’t get is the “detox” part, but we’ll totally ignore that because the product is so spot-on.
You can find Clarins BB Skin Detox Fluid BB at Escentual
Yes, Estee Lauder
The Estee Lauder Revitalizing Supreme + Global Anti-Aging Wake Up Balm (I’ve aged a decade just writing that name out) is a strange one in that it’s not a primer but primes skin brilliantly for makeup, it’s not a serum but it feels as though it has the same sort of potent effect, it’s not a moisturiser yet it instantly plumps and makes the skin more comfortable, it’s not an illuminator but it does (almost imperceptibly but still undoubtedly) add glow. It’s like an all-in-one face fixer, adding radiance, hydration and a layer of – there’s no other way to put this – bounce.
You know if you were icing a cake and you were a total amateur (me) and you just mixed your icing sugar with water and started to plaster it on? It would sort of do the job, but it would be a bit flimsy and thin on the ground and not have much “body” to it? Now imagine a proper icing, a fondanty icing with that gorgeous sort of elasticity and fullness – this is what the Estee Lauder Anti-Aging Wake Up Balm is to my cakey, crumbly, dry morning face.
What’s in this wonder balm? Well, the hero ingredient for the
Now look, I’m telling you all of this but actually it’s the short-term benefits that prompted me to write this little rave review. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying that the longer-term effects aren’t noticeable; have I seen a fresher, dewier complexion after weeks and weeks of morning
It’s plumption in a bottle, it’s smoothness in seconds, it’s fondant icing for the face and it’s perfect for those who have always wanted to try a glow primer but don’t want any actual glow. No shimmer, no glitter, no OTT shine, just a cushiony finish with a touch of radiance. It’s what I always wanted the
You can find
*UPDATE: see also the
This video wasn’t supposed to go up until Sunday, but something odd and enthusiastic happened with my Youtube scheduling, so here it is: the December favourites. I spend almost the entire video wearing hair rollers, which is a bit weird, but there are some real beauty finds in this month’s round-up so do give the video a go!
Ooh – a quick note about
So I’m torn. There are some lovely products, and the site looks great – really swish and Net-a-Porter-y, but do people really want to shop for their beauty in this way? Or would they rather have the freedom to shop from a wide range of brands whenever they fancy? I just can’t see many people wanting to sign up to a monthly commitment like this. What are your thoughts? Let me know in the comments! You can read more about Beauty Pie
This was never going to be an easy foundation to test. The price tag (£98) attached to Chanel’s new
And the thing is, there’s nothing particularly wrong with Chanel’s
Chanel’s Les Beiges and Perfection Velvet Lumiere foundations compared….
But there’s the rub – Les Beiges is a comparative bargain at £36. It also comes in a bottle, which is infinitely preferable to Sublimage’s faffy, messy glass pot and it has a similar comfortable feel yet with better coverage. Yikes.
I think that Chanel have a problem, here, (minor one, admittedly, because the super-rich people I’m guessing that Sublimage is aimed at will blatantly lap it up!) in that their existing foundations are so lovely. Perfection Velvet Lumiere hovers about in my top three bases of all time, Les Beiges definitely
Look, if you want it because you love Chanel and you have cash to flash and you simply have to have the latest thing with a double-c logo then it probably won’t disappoint. But I still think that Les Beiges would be the better choice. Here are my before and after photos of Sublimage Le Teint, for your reference:
There’s a nice glow, the edge has been taken off dark undereye circles and the skin looks even and fresh. Shade 20 is a perfect match for my skin – though I knew that already. Here are the skin close-ups:
You can see that some redness on the cheek has been knocked back and the faint blemishes are nicely covered, but not
In terms of texture, Sublimage is creamy but I’m not sure it offers much more in the way of a nourishing feel than Les Beiges – if you had very dry skin, it wouldn’t feel any more comforting or hydrating, despite the jar presentation which I assume is to make using the product feel more like a face cream than a face base.
Browse more foundation reviews…
Has anyone else tried Sublimage Le Teint? I’d be interested to hear your feedback, especially if you’ve also tried Les Beiges. I’d reiterate that it’s in no way
You can find Sublimage Le Teint online
Well I do hope that you’re all having a lovely little break? I’m afraid I’m doing a bit of a fast-forward to the future (albeit near future) and talking about the New Year – or New Year’s Eve to be more specific – and some glitzy, shiny makeup that’ll get you in the mood for a party.
The best part? It’s all under a tenner.
Apart from two things, one of which (the Mariah Carey lipstick) was a purposeful, rebellious inclusion and the other (Topshop primer) was something that landed in the video by mistake. I usually price check everything quite thoroughly but this one slipped through the net. Mind you, it is possible that it was in the sale when I last looked, which was a few weeks ago – Topshop’s foundation cushion definitely was.
Anyway, if you want the list of products with prices and links to buy then they are below the video screen. But watch the video first – it’s a nice one, I think. I like that the makeup is quite gentle and light – nothing too smokey or dramatic, if you fancy an easy look that’ll shimmer and glimmer under the disco balls as you see in the New Year…
Topshop Glow Primer in Supernatural – oh bloody hell, this is £12! Sorry. So much for “under a tenner”!

You’ve heard me say enough times that I simply can’t be bothered with high-maintenance eyebrows; to be quite honest, I don’t even like the
But there is something to be said, quite definitely, for a spot of quick grooming – brushing unruly eyebrow hairs into shape can lift the whole eye area. Plucking out a few stray fronds, here and there, can shave years off, especially if the shape of your brows pull your eye shape downwards or makes you look sad. Plucking is a whole other ballgame, and I’m not going into it here – drastic reshapes should only be administered by the true professionals, in my opinion, and there are few of them about! (I trust a couple of seasoned makeup artists, that’s about it. Not helpful, I know, but I’ll endeavour to put together a list of contacts, if anyone’s interested.)
I’ve been sidetracked! A spot of quick grooming, yes – works wonders. I like to use a clear brow gel, even on an “off” day, just to get the hairs moving in a more positive direction, but if I’m doing anything at all with eyeshadow then I like to darken my brows very slightly and make them a bit fuller, and the plethora of new tinted fibre-gels on the market are brilliant for doing just that.
Benefit’s
Wunderbrow, however, knocks all other easy-brow products out of the park: it’s a one-step brow beautifier that adds definition, volume and properly fills in sparse areas. It’s a brow gel with bonus powers. A supergel. Now it
Wunderbrow goes on as a liquid but seems to thicken up and get progressively more waxy as it’s brushed into the eyebrow hairs. Which is good. It clings. It boosts. It absolutely fills in the bad patches. Here’s my face before the Wunderbrow:
There’s quite a difference, and I didn’t even really concentrate that much when I did this initial test. If I had been paying attention, I might have started my brows a little further out, but hey ho. Such is life. At least I didn’t have jam on my mouth, which is what happened last week, forcing me to scrap around one hundred and fifty painstakingly-produced photographs of my face with various foundations on.
Now the Wunderbrow is supposed to last for a few days, and it does, so long as you don’t do your full cleanse across your brows. It survives a swipe with the micellar or a quick wish-wash at the sink, but a balm and a flannel? No chance. It certainly has more longevity than a normal brow gel, though, so well worth a look if you need makeup that survives adverse conditions or long, long shifts at work.
You can find Wunderbrow at Amazon here – it’s £19.95. If you want to see it in action then it’s included in my latest Youtube video (contains an advertorial for Amazon, before you click!)
If I had one tiny criticism, it would be that the blonde shade is
Just a quickie, as they say in the business (I have no idea what business I’m on about but I’ve just had a rare but much-needed can of full fat Coke and the caffeine has gone to my head): Josh Wood’s
There are loads of these lilac-coloured shampoos for blondes on the market and I’ve tested quite a few – I don’t think I’ve ever finished one as quickly as this. Twice. If you have blonde hair, whether an all-over colour or bleached highlights, then I can highly recommend this Josh Wood range for reducing brassiness and getting back that crisp sort of tone that looks “just done”. It’s not a permanent purple dye, or anything like that, it just adds enough of a cool tint to take out excess warmth. Though I wouldn’t sit around with the conditioner soaking in for hours – I did have some forgotten conditioner in my ear for half a day (!) and it took a little scrubbing to remove the blue patch from my skin…
You can find
I must confess to having not done very well with my stretch-mark-oil testing duties, this pregnancy. I’ve been on the body balms instead (a round-up of those is imminent) even though oils are, I would suspect, slightly more effective when it comes to keeping the skin on my body nice and supple.
But I make a regular exception for
I first used this properly when Angelica was just a newborn – I went to live at my parents’ for a month or so because we’d run out of alternative accommodation when our house was being renovated, and my Mum had l’Occitane’s
I’ve mentioned the fact that it smells amazing, but the skin benefits are great too. Having a pregnant stomach that’s as large and tight as a drum is actually rather useful for testing out skin things – you really notice if something properly works. And this properly works – it’s not just softening, it really reduces that sense of uncomfortable tightness and this, surely, must be a good thing in the long run when it comes to the condition of pregnancy skin. I like the fact that it manages to work its magic whilst being very lightweight – no greasiness at all, no need for prolonged massage, if you’re short on time.
Budget Pregnancy Stretch-Mark Oils Reviewed….
If body creams or balms are more your thing then l’Occitane do make an incredible glass-jarred
l’Occitane Milk Concentrate Review…
One thing I’d change – and this goes for loads of oils – the spray. Sprays on oils just do my head in – it takes an age to get the product onto your body and if your fingers get oily then it’s almost impossible to press the spritzer down! I like the simplicity of the pourer on the Burt’s Bees Mama Bee Oil – just push it open, pour some into your hand, apply… Small niggle, but worth noting.
l’Occitane’s Almond Supple Body Oil is £34 online – though good old Escentual.com sell it for £30.60

Oooh, I’m finding this one a right little devil to review! The
Add to this the fact that it feels so
Topshop describe this as a “lightweight” and “sheer” foundation and I’d agree with that completely – you’re not troweling it on thick when it comes to coverage, but it still does the job over minor imperfections. It’s not as much coverage as YSL’s
It seems to me that because there’s just not much product in the sponge (10ml in comparison to around 14/15ml for most of the luxury brands and for L’Oreal’s high street offering) you get a lighter dispersion and you buff out the foundation much more than you would one of the others. I find it a slightly strange sensation, because it feels a bit like buffing out air and on the first attempt I was positive that nothing would have been gained, in terms of coverage, but surprisingly it does work. Really well. Here’s my before shot:
Nothing particularly notable about the coverage – as I said, it’s light/sheer – but I do think that the blurring pigments work very well to give that “natural perfection” that so many of us want when we’re feeling a bit low-maintenance. Close-ups:
See what I mean about it doing a decent job? I mean, it’s not “airbrushed” in the way you’d see on some of these overdone Kardashian-style makeup tutorials, but if you don’t like to wear lots and lots of base, you like a bit of a real skin look, then this is great.
I hope I’ve explained my thoughts on the
You can find the Air Cushion Skin Perfector at Topshop
I’ve tried quite a few products from Marks & Spencer’s own brand
I’m also irresistibly drawn to products that have the word “sleep” in their name – so much more evocative than the word “night”, don’t you think? Calling something a night cream just gives an instruction as to when the product should be applied; upgrade to a
So when the Formula
The
More instantly impressive though, I feel, is the non-greasy moisture boost that this cream gives. There’s a sort of moisturiser “time-release” system that keeps on working to hydrate the skin as you sleep, and I think it’s this clever little function that truly makes knackered skin look so much better in the morning. While the wrinkle-busting, dark-spot-tackling bits and bobs in the formulation work brilliantly over time (in independent trials, 71% of women agreed that their skin appeared transformed after just two weeks), the moisture hit is immediate – my skin feels and looks more elastic in the morning, less withered and sad. (I’m resisting, with all the bones in my body, using the word
At the same time as receiving the
The
I’ll admit that the booster and the sleep cream have been enough for me, in terms of moisture – I think that a serum in-between would have tipped me over the edge, my face would have been like a living waterbed! Definitely a great little duo for those who are teetering onto the dry side as the weather gets colder – I’ve even been using the sleep cream as a day cream on my no-makeup days when I’m hunkered down in my garden studio. And, despite their luxury lean, they’re both brilliantly priced – the Formula Absolute Skin Priming Booster is £19
I’m looking forward to trying more bits from the line – let me know in the comments if you have any suggestions!
*this post has been sponsored by Marks and Spencer.
My forehead, for some reason, is as dry as a bone. This happened in my last pregnancy, too, so I’m not that surprised, but it’s
So I’ve been testing out the most potent moisturisers I can find – the sort of moisturisers that are still hanging about when you wake up in the morning, making your skin feel all juicy and plump. The ones that sit nicely beneath foundation, giving it a youthful little sheen and a cushiony finish. Thick, buttery barrier creams and sumptuous, gel-like hydrators – I’ve tested dozens of them and my forehead is now far less dry. Which means that the network of fine lines has diminished. Which means I look less like a hag who lives in the woods and more like a normal thirty-six year old.
Hurrah!
Here are the best very-dry-skin moisturisers I’ve found from my testing sessions; great for this transition into the colder weather when all of our faces start to fall off. I’m not going to repeat what I’ve said in the video, but rest assured that there will be some individual moisturiser reviews coming up. I think that the Clinique Smart Moisturizer is especially impressive, with its oil-free formula and line-plumping effects and the Avene is a great budget buy. If you don’t want to watch the video then I’ve listed the products beneath the screen, but I think it’s well worth a look when you get a moment if you, like me, have a forehead that feels like a piece of writing parchment from the Tudor times.

As you well know if you’re a long-term reader of
I have long been an admirer of gel nails – that beautiful bouncy sort of look that they have, with that hi-shine and smooth-as-glass finish – but I’m afraid my patience levels don’t stretch to the sort of dedication you need for gel manicures. I find the idea of having to sit for long periods of time getting faffed with really off-putting (must be the years and years I sat having hair and makeup done for shoots) and I can only just about bear getting my roots done because I know I can’t do it myself!
So when
I put two of my favourite Autumn shades to the test –
I prepped the night before by removing old polish and massaging Sally Hansen’s
Where was I? Yes, colour. In with two coats of
I was even quicker with the peachy nude-y
And they didn’t. I don’t usually bother with a topcoat, because I inevitably end up chipping through it anyway after a few days, but in this case the
Sally Hansen are the UK’s number one nail care brand and make over forty different products targeted at various nail care problems – you can find them online
And so, for once, I’ll actually be wearing vampy nails for more than a day.
You can find Sally Hansen’s
*this post has been sponsored by Sally Hansen
Time to dig out that shimmery, foil-flecked lipstick you bought back in – er – 1991, because gold is
Both Tom Ford and Dior have proper foil-gold lipsticks in their winter collections. In the photograph above I’m wearing Dior’s Diorific lipstick in
If you had your eye on the
I’ve been getting so many nice compliments whilst wearing this – it’s a medium, creamy beige with a gorgeous golden finish. The gold is key, here, because it’s the warmth of the gold that makes the lip colour so beautiful – there’s a particular light on a fine, clear Autumn’s day as the sun goes down: it’s that magical, warm light we want to replicate. A cool or silvery lip shimmer just doesn’t have quite the same effect. I like to wear this golden-nude with a smoky eye and perfected base that has a hint of warm bronze to it. Marvellous.
If it was just a slick of golden overshine you were after (a very modern way to wear gold, if you find the right non-glittery product) then I can highly recommend Burberry’s
See how low-key this is? A definite golden tint but no C3PO metallics going on. I thought I’d hate it, I actually quite love it. Thoughts? Are you sold on gold? Or is gold too bold? Can I think of any more rhyming things in the next ten seconds or will I simply end the post here?
*the star wrapping paper used in the still-life backgrounds is from Paperchase
There’s a bumper skincare crop in this month’s favourites, as promised. Not as bumper as it
Anyway, lots to be getting on with – I do love the thick, rich
Right, eyeballs at the ready for my November Beauty Favourites – press play, or if you can’t see the video screen then please click
Products Shown:
Oh, we’re knee-deep in this whole headache-inducing
Anyway, I’ve done a round-up of the best beauty deals just in case you’d appreciate having them all in one place. If you’re after codes for the online beauty “supermarkets” then LookFantastic have one on their
The following section contains a video with an advertorial for Amazon UK.
If it’s a great GWP you’re interested in then may I direct you to the video that I worked on with Amazon? (It contains an ad, just so you’re aware before you watch it!) The Luxury Beauty Box is free if you spend £50 or over on beauty products (ones sold and dispatched by Amazon) and has a value of over £100, including products from luxury and niche brands such as Rodial and Merumaya. If you fancy a brilliant way to spend fifty quid on skincare then go for the First Aid Beauty
Next in the line-up of great beauty deals, a blanket 30% discount across
If ever you were tempted by this brilliant luxury brand then now is the time – prices don’t really get any lower. The discount takes one of my favourite products
Pai also have a blanket discount, incredibly rare for them so a great time to stock up if you have a few favourites. They’re offering 25% off everything online
Darphin’s
All yours for a (much) reduced price of £45. You can find it, while stocks last, at Darphin online
There are some brilliant bargains at Escentual, actually – Vichy’s amazing
I’m going to have a good play with these bits and pieces today – the foundation, which I thought was a bronzer, looks very interesting! This would make a wonderful makeup “starter” kit, if you were thinking along the lines of teen gifts.
Oh, OK, also – bargain klaxon! – I’ve just found La Roche-Posay’s

I suspect there’ll be some sort of online meltdown on the 10th January because – brace yourselves – that’s the day that Caroline Hirons’ first ever skincare product will go on sale. If you are an avid Hirons follower (to be honest, I don’t know of any other type – once you get started on her beauty
And the first, in collaboration with the increasingly popular (and really quite excellent) brand
If you don’t already do this, then humour me and do a little experiment; remove your foundation and what have you with a white flannel and one lot of cleanser. Balm, gel wash, cream cleanser, whatever you usually use. Now rinse the flannel clean and
But Caroline’s new
CH: I know, I know. It feels like this collaboration is a nice way to start.
CH: Double cleansing is basically what we do in treatment rooms. The first cleanse loosens and removes makeup/SPF, while the second cleanse has slightly more beneficial ingredients and is used to clean the skin and/or facial massage.
CH: We’ve tried to make the product accessible to all skins. Obviously the perfect ‘one product for everyone’ doesn’t exist or the industry would be a lot smaller – but we’ve removed mineral oil and shea butter and replaced them with camellia oil and evening primrose oil, so they’re more comfortable for an oilier skin, and we left out fragrance as so many of my readers tell me they don’t like it. We’ve done our best to accommodate concerns whilst still delivering a great, efficacious product.
CH: Anything you like, that’s the joy of it. In an ideal scenario you would use an acid toner, then your serum/moisturiser/SPF for day, and in the evenings acids/nighttime treatments.
CH: Mother. Wife. Daughter. Businesswoman. Tea.
Well, there you are then. Caroline is Tea. Sort of abstract, but that’s why I love her. Keep an eye out for the new Double Cleanse at the start of January – I’ll definitely give you a nudge when it’s online to buy and will do a proper review before then too. The Pixi Double Cleanse will cost £24 and will be available from Pixi and M&S.

Well this is an unusual one: a moisturiser that feels velvety to the touch but seems to melt into fresh-feeling perfection the moment it hits the skin. And then, despite this gorgeous fresh feel, manages to keep oiliness in check
The
It’s a bit of a double whammy effort, too: great on the oil-less moisturisation front, but with a secret weapon in the form of the “blur” part. Now look, these blurring products – there’s only so much they can do. I mean, they’re clever and everything, and they do create a sort of soft-focus veil over the skin, but if you’ve blemishes then they’ll still be visible, so will redness and so will deep wrinkles. What they
Pep-Start HydroBlur actually works very well as a primer, if you like to keep your skincare and makeup steps minimal and fuss-free. It’s suggested that the product can be used throughout the day for “touch-ups” over makeup, but personally I think that this type of thing can be a bit of a disaster zone. What possible benefit could you get from disturbing your makeup by slathering a cream on over the top, no matter how lightweight? I’ve tried it, it’s not for me. If you’re getting oily then use a good powder – the
The final masterstroke when it comes to Clinique’s
Clinique Pep-Start HydroBlur Moisturizer is £24 online
I don’t usually indulge in “dupes” posts, but I’ve been beavering away trying to find a good alternative to the red shade in Chanel’s
I tried about a dozen or so different shadows in an attempt to find a good match to Chanel’s matte, brickish red, but it was Make Up Forever’s “M738” that came up trumps. (It’s the single shadow in the larger pan, photographed above.) A really close call, I think. If it was the red from the
If you might prefer something a tiny bit brighter and lighter then MAC’s shadow in
And the eyeliner?
Chanel’s
Yes,
So there you go – if you were lusting after some Chanel

My top winter palettes, on video for your viewing pleasure; perfect picks if you like to treat yourself to a little glitzy makeup number before the party season. Or, y’know, at a push, give people presents, but I do feel that these are too nice to earmark as gifts! All contain wearable shades and gorgeous glowing finishes and the packaging isn’t half bad either…
You’ll get a good look at all of the makeup morsels when you watch the video below. I also demo a few of them, including the – shock horror! –
I sort of wish that I hadn’t gone in with a brush and completely massacred it (the photo was taken pre-brushing frenzy) because actually, the gold didn’t have a hell of a lot of pay-off and there was quite a bit of murky brown going on by the time I’d dispensed with the overspray. The palette looks incredible, a real thing of beauty, but if you’re actually planning on using it (say what?!) then there are better golden shadows. Including ones from Chanel. Humph.
Check out
The actual pearls make me quite murderous because they go all over the place when you bash your makeup brush into the pot, but such is the way. They smell amazing (Parma Violet fan here) and really do give a good, ethereal sort of finish to your face. They’re
Also in the video, my two purse-friendly favourites: the
Watch, take notes, report back on your favourites: silence, please, for the film is about to begin…

The
Reasons behind this statement? Firstly the coverage. Beyond Perfecting
Beyond Perfecting
I think that one of the standout points with
Fancy some before-and-afters? Firstly, the skin from “afar” (two feet):
Note the general evenness in tone and the great cleanup job that it does on the darkness around my eyes. Everything looks a little fresher and more awake, which is always good news. Close-ups:
The makeup is virtually undetectable, but coverage is comprehensive. Precisely what so many of us are looking for in a base, really. You can see that the foundation comes up ever so slightly warm, in the pictures above – Clinique say “
Browse more foundation reviews…
In terms of finish, Clinique’s
And it’s not
Thoughts? For me, this joins the likes of Dior’s
Clinique’s Beyond Perfecting Foundation + Concealer is £25 online

I was once fitted for a head-to-toe latex suit in a fetish shop. I was to play a superhero in a TV advert (sadly it never happened because I got the flu, if I remember rightly) and I needed to be rubberised – everything from the neck down – for my superhero costume. It was quite the experience – talcum powder all over to get the blasted thing to go on, and then double-shoulder-dislocation in order to get it off again. I needed two people to help me in and out and – let me tell you – it does
Anyway, I’ve started off on a tangent as usual. I wanted to go in straight with a rave about Chanel’s new limited edition nail polish,
I often find matte nails to be rather on the dull and dirty side, looking just a little grubby and unpolished (which they quite literally are) but Pink Rubber (shade 542, FYI) looks clean and fresh. Even Mr AMR commented on them, saying that they looked – er – clean and fresh. (I often steal his descriptions for my posts because he doesn’t mince his words and there’s something nice about being straightforward when it comes to beauty.) Don’t ask me about longevity – the box says it’s a “velvet” polish and doesn’t mention the longwear claim – but a day in and they’re doing alright. I get bored after a day or two anyway, unless I’m wearing a nude shade that requires no maintenance, so – in the words of my friend’s teenager –
*update: the
This is a luxury purchase – £18 – and also a fun one. Funxury. Luxyfun. Whatevs, I love it. Sold out in a few places already, so if you’re a double-C fanatic then swoop down on Selfridges

I’ve been using these extra-special cleansers on rotation, recently, as a bit of a winter kick-start for my skin but also as a proper “time out” sort of treat. They’re not cleansers in the traditional sense, you see – you wouldn’t use them to remove your makeup and then just rinse them down the plughole. (The Aromatherapy Associates balm is probably the closest to a “normal” cleanser, and even then, it’s so beautiful you wouldn’t want to waste vast amounts of it removing your layers of foundation and primer and so on.)
No, these are more treatment oil than cleanser – or cleansers with added benefits. Beautiful oil blends that really lift the senses and help to bring a bit of peace and calm to the evening. (Or morning, if you like, but I prefer to take my time with them and so the nighttime skincare routine is my best bet!) You can cup your palms over your face, breathe them in and really turn your cleanse into something a bit more special. Here are the four I’ve been using most often:
The
Same deal with the De Mamiel
The
Lastly, the

I have a strong and long-lasting love for Lanolips. It’s a high-powered lip-healer that stays put for hours and protects the skin from even the most bitter winter chills. If you’ve ever had cracked nipples, the bleeding sort of chapped nipples that are so painful you can’t even muster up the energy to cry, then you’ll know that lanolin – a waxy, waterproofing substance – is the one saving grace.
And if it can help with cracked nips then it sure as hell can do the trick on cracked lips – I regularly use the nips one (Lansinoh) on lips, though I’ve never used my lips one (Lano 101 Ointment) on nips. Mainly because I like the banana one the most, and I was never sure whether the newborn baby would take to banana flavoured nipples. I mean,
Also, the banana flavoured 101 Ointment isn’t pure lanolin – it’s got extra bits and pieces added in, like (obviously) banana flavouring and shea butter and beeswax and castor seed oil. If you wanted lips n’ nips covered, you’d need the original 101 Ointment (£10.99 online

I digress! Lano have created an exclusive and especially fruity 101 Ointment package for high-end purveyors of fashion,
The duo costs £16 at Net-a-Porter
My love-in with the cushion foundations continues: I’m still using the Lancome (reviewed
It can be applied using the little pad provided (I only use in an emergency) but far better, I think, is a short and stubby foundation brush such as Bobbi Brown’s
But onto the
Here are my before-and-afters:
And from the side, trying to catch a bit of light so that you can see the glow:
As you can hopefully see, the
Close-ups? Alrighty then. Before and after:
On closer-inspection, the coverage is far greater than I first thought – look at the small mole to the side of my nose. It’s very pigmented, yet the foundation completely covers it. Interesting, because at a (relative) distance, the finish is so juicy and fresh that it feels very “real skin”.
Browse more foundation reviews…
Longevity and general wear seems pretty impressive – I’ve worn this now on normal, rushing about days and also to an event where I was photographed under bright light. I never get to the end of the day and find that it’s disappeared, though I am the sort of person who removes makeup at 6pm if they can possibly get away with it!
Just one prob with this foundation, though – the shade range is incredibly small. Bearing in mind I’m fair and I’m wearing a 40 in these photos, you’ll be disheartened to know that shades only go up to 60. I’m hoping
YSL.co.uk

I spend a few nights a week testing out overnight masks. It doesn’t take me the whole night to test them, obviously, I just slap them on (takes approximately twenty seconds) and then go to sleep. It’s one of the easiest jobs in the world, unless there’s a job that just involves going to sleep and not even applying a face mask…
Anyway, I record my results in the morning and jot everything down in my little notebook of face things and then, if I’m not impressed, I move on to the next mask. If I
So here are my top five overnight masks. The ones that I find really hydrate and plumpify and leave the skin looking juicy and gorgeous in the morning. Truthfully, I don’t think that there’s much difference between a lot of these overnight masks and a rich night moisturiser, or rich
My first mask (and please do watch the video for a bit more info on each of the products) is the
The Khiel’s
Liz Earle’s
The Alpha-H
L’Oreal’s
Right, here’s the video, should you wish to hear me waffle on about masks – please click
Products Shown:
I’ve been going a bit russety around the eyes for this year’s Autumn Makeup Look. (I say
I used the Chanel eye quad from the
One thing that hasn’t sold out is the delectable
I’ve given two lip options in the video – a shimmery, gold-flecked nude and a flatter, more opaque beige-nude. I thought that the flatter option would be more popular, but a quick browse through the comments shows that the gold-flecked nude from l’Oreal’s
Anyway, I could bang on all day – the best thing to do is to have a look at all of these bits and bobs in action. If you can’t see the video below then please click
The beauty retailers seem to be in some sort of crazy pre-Christmas bid to outdo each other when it comes to giving away piles of luxury miniatures or bundling them up into attractive advent calendars. The
Not one that I particularly wanted to get caught up in, post-wise, but I have never been able to resist discounts and free things (every time I go to the GAP website they have a 30% off code and I end up buying more baby stuff) – and the latest offer from Space NK is actually slightly different…
It’s a beauty advent calendar – the
But if you’re a proper beauty junkie then lots of the bits and pieces inside the beautiful box will definitely get your heart beating faster – a
There’s the obligatory mini Diptyque Baies candle (some of you must be building up quite the collection of these) as well as a StriVectin eye cream that I’m
So, if you are doing a big Christmas stock-up (my friend does a mammoth one at
Use the code
Shop at Space NK….
Well this is just extraordinary. It has to be the most un-seasonal seasonal beauty release I’ve ever happened upon: a winter launch of a fragrance product that is
Tom Ford’s
See what they did there? Added the word “winter” to the description. Add the word “winter” and it shall be so. And who am I to complain? This dry oil has been giving a much-needed boost to my flagging autumnal spirits, recently, tricking my mind into thinking that soon I’ll be going on a lovely beach holiday.
Fat chance of that! I’d be lucky to squeeze my egg-shaped torso into an aeroplane seat, and that would only be if I could summon up enough of my pregnancy-depleted energy reserves to get to an airport. For now, I’m dry-oiling and day-dreaming.
I should add, for those of you who find dry oils a faff, that this one comes in a spray-can and can be applied in approximately eight seconds flat, rather than one of those spritzes that starts to become a total bore even before you’ve done your left arm.
If you’re already a
You can find the fragrance online
(The lovely blue snowflake card in the photograph is from
Goodness, I’ve
I can tell you that I’ve now tried
It’s bloody lucky, really, that it even got a try in the first place because it’s packaged in the most frustrating way that could ever have been conceived: a glass bottle with no pump, pipette or any sensible way whatsoever of getting the product out onto the back of your hand. It seems to have taken inspiration from the classic glass ketchup bottle, which, as we all know, is one of the world’s epic design fails. Because why would anyone want to wait for hours for their ketchup to come out onto the plate? Or have to stick a knife into the mouth of the bottle to loosen the sauce, only for about seventeen-billion kilos of the stuff to come flying out?
I had to do the equivalent of the knife thing with this foundation – although in this case it was the handle of a makeup brush. Dig-dig, and then wipe a blob of
Now let’s talk about the
But this isn’t what happened on my skin at all. On my skin I just sort of had a uniform, slightly waxy-finished coverage that looked a bit patchy on my chin and nose. The thing is I
Browse all foundation reviews…
I don’t like writing about products that have disappointed me – I find it rather stressful, if truth be known – but I invested a whole eight days’ worth of makeup testing on
Here are my before and afters:
From a nice normal distance, I think that
But it’s when I zoom in that you can see my problem with it – I find that it “sits” on the skin rather than being a second skin. I can see it sitting in my pores, failing to blend seamlessly on the nose and chin.
The word “waxy” comes to mind when I observe the finish close-up. It actually does start to look better after an hour or so, almost as though the makeup begins to melt into the skin, but as I have loads of foundations that
So why, I hear you ask, did I persevere with
So it’s not as though I
Clinique Superbalanced is £23
I promised myself that I wouldn’t write about any more beauty advent calendars – I could keep going for weeks, and by that time they will have all sold out and I’ll have calendar fatigue and I won’t have had time to write about anything like skincare or foundation or avocados (don’t ask, see Sunday) and all of the washing will be piled up in the linen cupboard and I won’t have had a shower…
But then this arrived from Liberty and I almost burst a blood vessel with excitement: the 2016 Beauty Advent Calendar featuring Liberty print drawers.
Have you ever seen anything so delicious? Twenty-five Liberty print drawers, adorned with coppery numbers, each filled with a beauty gift hiding in its own little nest of shredded paper.
I really don’t want to do too many spoilers on this one, because it’s
You can see a full list of the contents here…
Apparently the equivalent product value is over £500 – these valuations always seems unlikely when there are a lot of minis included, but the minis tend to be incredibly expensive serums and face creams and they always seems to bump the value up somewhat. 30ml of an ESPA face product, for example, is about twenty quid’s worth. The 20ml Dr Sebagh
Whoever designed this calendar deserves some sort of medal for services to the beauty world. I’m just in awe. It’s a shame it’s cardboard and not wood (though wood would be ridiculously heavy, I admit!) because I would absolutely one hundred percent hang this on my bathroom wall and use it as a beauty cabinet. Imagine! Lipsticks, hair grips, all of those sharpeners and mini tweezers and nail scissors that you can never find!
You can buy the Liberty Advent Calendar
The Liberty Beauty Advent Calendar
In my
And – thank goodness – it’s every bit as lovely as the first edition. More so, in fact, with its luxurious ribbed leather compact and sleek looks. I wish that I still had my original
Saying that: I’m quite fair myself at the moment and have been whacking this highlighter on left right and centre! So don’t be frightened by it if you’re used to those pale, cool-toned illuminating powders – I’d say that
Ten Face Highlighters for Under £10…
If you missed the
The Victoria Beckham x Estée Lauder Collection Review…
You can find a few highlighters left at Harrods online
As far as gifts go, this one is pretty unbeatable. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a bigger gift with purchase. It’s worth about sixty billion pounds.
OK, it’s worth over £600. But,
But here we are, with a whopping great big tote bag full of high-end beauty products and samples. It’s so much booty that the sturdy tote bag it all comes in appears to have reinforced rope handles. And from today, if you spend £195 on three or more products from
It’s almost an entire beauty and grooming regime – everything from super serums to luxury toothpastes, bath essences to overnight tans. Obviously £195 is a big spend, but I’m taking a wild guess that HN are aiming to catch all of the people who have started their Christmas shopping and are buying a load of gifts anyway – it’s the classic temptation, isn’t it? A little something just for you as a reward for buying all of those nice presents!
Only it’s not just a “little something”, it’s a
I’ve listed all of the contents here on this page, so take a good look – I’ll wager that more than a few of your favourites are on there. But it’s always the new and mysterious things that grab my attention the most – I love trying new brands but hate wastage, so these little trial sizes are just perfect. Guilt-free beauty testing, usually done when I’m travelling and I dig into my enormous stash of minis!
And my
I’ve listed the full contents below, just in case my pictures haven’t done the gift justice – you can also find more details and shop at
Harvey Nichols Beyond Beauty GWP
Contents of the GWP:
The “
Ten Under £10
I’ll usually have a video to go with any beauty round-ups; it’s handy to see the products “in real life” – especially if they’re makeup items – and even handier to watch them being applied. I’ve kicked off the series with my
So, my favourite cheekbone, cupid’s bow and bridge-of-the-nose highlighters for under a tenner – a nice selection here, including products that can be used beneath your face base as well as cream sticks than can be very simply drawn on and blended in with fingertips.
The skin highlighters that have made it into my makeup bag over the past few weeks – the ones I have really found to be very useful, effective, wearable and believable – are briefly described below, but you can find longer reviews as well as watch them being applied in the following video. (If you can’t see the video then please click
See anything you fancy? Here are my top (glow) pops – the face highlighters that I’ve been drawn to again and again over the past few weeks:
Bourjois
…the
Topshop’s
Then there’s the
The complete list of the highlighters shown in the video is as follows:
L’Oreal Lumi Magique Primer*, £9.99:
I have a rather fabulous worldwide giveaway for you today. I mentioned the gorgeous new
Anyway, whether you’re the sort of person who guffaws at the notion of anything to do with “mind and body” or you’re a fully-fledged yoga-posing energy-channeling guru, there’s no denying that your skin reflects the state of your physical well-being; burn the candle at both ends for a week and you soon see your face falling apart. And so the concept of taking time out to relax, breathe and pamper is at the heart of OM Skincare – it’s science-meets-mindfulness, a dose of Chi Energy mixed with a small (but perfectly formed) range of multi-tasking, skin-adapting beauty products.
The range includes brilliant little bottles of skin “boosters” packed full of antioxidants, moisturising creams for line-plumping or added radiance and a brilliant invisible finish primer that leaves the skin soft and smooth and perfectly prepped for makeup.
I asked the brains behind the brand, Dr Om Prawarisa, for her top seasonal skincare tips – if you’re wondering what you need to do to keep your skin healthy as we enter the beauty hell-hole of autumn (central heating, cold winds, etc etc) then read on…
I then have FOUR runner up prizes of the
This giveaway is open to all readers internationally – all you need to do is leave a comment below before noon on Friday 21st October 2016, making sure that you leave your email address in the form where prompted. I’ll announce the winners in the following
All products, if you want to get further details, are available at
A few weeks ago I had the absolute pleasure of visiting Paris with gorgeous French skincare brand
But my Darphin host, Caroline, managed to reignite my passion for Paris – she was a sort of human
And, cleverly, the tour that Caroline picked for me gradually revealed a lot about the Darphin brand that I hadn’t known before. I’d always coveted the little bottles of Essential Oil Elixir that makeup artists prepped my skin with when I modelled in Paris – I would treat myself at the
It’s a brand that prides itself on its exquisite formulations, that’s true to its heritage (the Darphin Institut was opened in 1958 and the skin-sculpting techniques and sensory experiences are still what form the cornerstone of the brand today) and it’s also, though you wouldn’t think it necessarily from simply buying the products, quite quirky. Their collaborations, for example, have been with artisan tea-maker
This idea of craftsmanship was reinforced when I visited the Darphin labs to meet the formulators behind the skincare products – everything is so meticulously thought about and developed, from the weight of the round glass jar of face cream when it sits in the palm of your hand to the exact texture and viscosity of a serum.
I was actually there to discuss something very clever that Darphin have just launched: the
Now I completely re-fell in love with the Darphin triple-whammy routine – I’d forgotten just how relaxing it was to massage in a few drops of face oil before moisturiser (I usually do either or, mainly due to lack of time or energy!) and when the oils smell as good as Darphin’s…well. Safe to say I’ve adopted the practice once again.
But I’m a beauty junkie and I love products – what about people who can barely remember to slather on a face cream? What about the people who love the
There’s an
The
Both products are gloriously sumptuous but, if you’ll excuse the phrase, very “user-friendly”. Those who want to try them but are already indoctrinated into the ways of the oil can, of course, still add an oil between them for maximum effect! You can find the
It’s not often that I look at my reflection and catch myself out, thinking,
But it’s certainly not often that I catch myself out and think
…it was as though my skin had been put through one of those Snapchat filters that people use but pretend they don’t use. Do you know the ones I mean? The filters that sort of “melt” the skin into a weird, smooth, almost featureless stretch of perfectly-toned beige? That’s what my skin looked like. In a good way.
I was wearing
I say “if anyone has skin this good naturally, I’ll eat my own newly-highlighted hair.” And also “if this isn’t transforming then I don’t know what is.”
There’s nothing wrong with transforming, and Guerlain’s newly reformulated
Here’s my face before the ultra-light, second-skin-effect
And here it is afterwards.
You can see that it’s not the fullest coverage in the world but it delivers in so many other ways. Like lots of other very clever face bases these days, it manages to produce a flawless finish without completely masking the skin – it’s as though there’s a suspended veil hovering over the surface that you can just about see through but that gives everything a wonderful soft focus effect.
Close-ups, now, and here’s the before with the usual bits of redness and a few blemishes:
Followed by the after, where you can see that the imperfections are muted down but not altogether covered:
In an unprecedented move, I’m going to show you an “extra” shot, because I really think that this foundation comes into its own when the daylight hits it at full pelt. Unforgiving, unfiltered, broad daylight.
See that? It’s almost as if the more light you chuck at this foundation, the better it performs. It’s rather soft focus, this pic, because it was taken on my iPhone and the lens was probably smeared with nappy cream and face oil and whatever else gets all over it, but you can see how glowy and flawless the skin looks.
Longevity-wise, this lasts well on me – as you know, I tend to take my foundation off as soon as I’m finished with my day, so I haven’t worn it for more than about twelve hours, but it does A-OK with a full “work day” of wear. I don’t powder it, just add some neutral blush or a pale bronzer (pictured above is
So. A beautifully light, glowy-finish, skin-perfecting foundation with a lighter coverage than you’d expect – perfect for those who don’t want to look overtly made-up. It’s a sort of “wow, your skin looks amazing” sort of face base rather than a “what IS that foundation you’re wearing, it’s amazing” one. If that makes any sense whatsoever. You notice flawless skin, not flawless foundation. There are 18 shades with three different undertones – cool, neutral and warm – so quite an extensive range. I wear shade 02N, which, if anything, is very
You can find
Hmm. I tried to step away from the beauty advent calendars this year (my post on the
If you’re still in any doubt as to how big this beauty-packed chunk of a unit is, then here’s my cat sitting inside it. Mr Bear is also a chunk of a unit, weighing in at something like eight kilos, so if
Mr AMR said “what the hell is that?” when the package was delivered, because it’s about the same size as a coffee table. And then he said “oh, wouldn’t that make a lovely present?”, a level of interest that’s unusual for him, because he very rarely glances twice at any of the beauty things that arrive at
This is really quite something, the Lookfantastic calendar: no duds rattling around in here. The contents are worth a whopping £300+, including a few full-size items that more than make up for the price of the box on their own.
The calendar is called
For those who like to know exactly what they’re getting, fear not: I have meticulously itemised the contents for your approval. (Actually I haven’t, I’ve just taken some photos, but you’ll get the gist. It’s all pretty lust-worthy.)
There’s a great selection of skincare, makeup, bodycare and haircare but I feel that the skincare and makeup categories are the most exciting. In skincare, a selection of masks and night creams, moisturisers and exfoliants – I particularly love the mini
I reviewed the large Foreo cleanser
In makeup, some tasty morsels including eyeliner, mascara, a Nudestix lip pencil, false eyelashes, blusher and eyeshadow brush. Only the mascara is a smaller size – everything else, so far as I can see, is a proper product. The glittering star here, though, has to be the Illamasqua shadow quad:
Look at that! The shades remind me a lot of the Chanel
A nice little bodycare selection – glad to see a
A good hair selection, too, including an intensive mask from one of my favourite (very expensive) French brands,
See anything you fancy? I’d use pretty much everything from this calendar, but I think that Mr AMR’s initial reaction was spot-on – this
You can pre-order your calendar
Still-life problems: when your cat wants to be in every picture.
I’ve very quickly fallen for Sunday Riley’s
Not many products will make me leave the house in the dead of night wearing only a pair of pants, a parka and some old slippers, but after I realised the other night (as I was doing my grooming faff) that I had left the Tidal Cream in the office I became rather frantic and – despite the fact I had about seventy billion night creams lined up on the windowsill to test – it became imperative that I fetch the Cream of Dreams.
My love for this cream is twofold: firstly, it’s incredibly hydrating. To the point where my skin – I think – actually
The other thing I love is the brightening effect – and there really was one. I just looked…better. More refreshed. I’m putting that down to the “enzyme” part of the show – the cream contains papaya enzymes to “resurface” – which appears to be rather powerful despite the lack of tingle.
The cream also contains what is touted as being a relatively powerful skin-lightener and alternative to hydroquinone – Alpha Arbutin. I’m not overly familiar with this area as I’ve never had any real skin pigmentation issues, but it adds up that the inclusion of this ingredient result in quite a noticeable brightening effect over time.
So there’s my two cents on the Tidal Cream: a comfortable, fresh gel-cream moisturiser that will delight those who want maximum hydration with minimum grease, who want instant exfoliating and resurfacing effects as well as a more long-term brightening of the skin. Though I’ve recently got back into using facial oils on a regular basis (and have been a serum devotee for years) this cream is a brilliant one-pot wonder. It works if I just slap it on quickly after cleansing, nothing else added, and that – for someone who quite often falls into an exhausted sleep-coma before they’ve managed to even get their feet under the duvet – is priceless.
Tidal Brightening Enzyme Water Cream is £60 at SpaceNK
*I’m moving away from the word
With liquid lipsticks taking over the beauty world, what better time to revisit a classic cult buy? Bourjois were ahead of the game with their
Rouge Edition Velvet
Above are the three velvety liquid lipsticks I chose for my looks – clockwise from left to right, there’s the punchy pink-red
I went for an old favourite, the Little Round Pot Blusher
The
The matte finish of the
Just look at that punchy fuchsia! It’s actually
Other things that happened in the dark – such as putting on my top inside out and packing a toy iPhone into my handbag instead of my actual phone – weren’t so much of a happy accident, but at least I found a new lipstick shade!
It’s a very good “wear it with glasses” lipstick – accentuating the lips and adding a vivid dash of colour to the face – and the formula doesn’t transfer or get all over your teeth, which is the prime reason I don’t wear bright colours too often. Very low-maintenance, me…
Here I am sexing it up with my
I piled a load of
What do you reckon? Which is your favourite look? I think – and I can’t believe that I’m about to say this, as a die-hard “nudist” – that mine might just be the
You can find all of the
*this post has been sponsored by Bourjois
It’s only the beginning of October – the leaves are barely dropping from the trees – and already the beauty advent calendars have begun to creep onto the internet. I sort of feel that you need to be a serious beauty enthusiast to snap up anything Christmas-related this early, but on the other hand, these calendars sell out so quickly that if you’ve got your heart set on opening cardboard doors to reveal mini luxuries rather than a Cadbury’s chocolate shape every day this December then you need to get moving.
The l’Occitane Advent Calendar (£42
The total equivalent product value is over £80, so you can feel happy that you’re not paying for the novelty factor – last year there were a few doors with duds behind them (paper decorations and so on), but this time it’s all very, very good.
A highlight for me is the inclusion of the
The
I want to leave a few surprises (though you can always zoom into the bigger overview picture) so I’ll finish with the selection of
Find the l’Occitane calendar online here…
The Clarins Advent Calendar is another beauty-fest; everything from primers and blushers to whopping great tubes of
It’s £95 (free shipping, tote and four samples worth up to £43 here) so you’ll want to be a proper Clarins devotee, but everything inside has been well-chosen and I love the inclusion of sell-out products such as the lip oil.
There’s a load of skincare to try out – or, if you’re already familiar, stock up your travel bag with. There are a few charm/decoration typed things, which personally I wouldn’t be overjoyed to find behind my door…
…but the rest of the product selection is so good that all is forgiven. I’m afraid I don’t know the equivalent product value on this one (will try to find out) but I can’t imagine it’s far behind the retail price what with the inclusion of quite hefty skincare samples…
You can find the Clarins Advent Calendar

Space NK are running their brilliant £15 “try something new” discount again*, which means it’s a great time to do your stocking up if you’re running out of your favourite products. Or, if you’re particularly organised, a good time to do a bit of Christmas shopping!
The idea is that you use your £15 saving to explore different brands and discover something new, so I’ve done some quickfire reviews of new and interesting things just to whet your appetites. (Lies: a couple of the products are old favourites. But equally as interesting.)
Kicking off with some skincare, the fresh-as-water
OM is a new brand on my radar – I haven’t had a good go with the whole range yet, but it all looks and feels delicious. The
Omorovicza’s
Read my original review of Omorovicza’s Elemental Emulsion…
Diptyque
Christophe Robin’s
Another brand that seems to be making waves (ha!) on the hair scene:
Shop at Space NK: £15 off a £60 spend…
*this is not a sponsored post. Space NK are offering a £15 discount if you spend £60 or more online.
You may have seen my face popping up on your television screens recently; I was picked to be part of the brilliant
The range of skin tones catered for on the high street is notoriously poor, and so the introduction of 23 – affordable – foundation shades is a welcome one. Thank goodness, too, that the
As per what now seems to be tradition, I have some before and after photos for you as well as skin close-ups – please excuse the fact that I look murderous in my “before” shot, I was having camera issues. You can add your own caption if you wish…
I apply the
I dispense a small amount of the lightweight fluid on to the back of my hand and apply from there. And then, mere minutes later…
A radiant, flawless finish with no residue and no chalkiness, just a very seamless and natural-looking base.
Ready for the close-ups? Starting with the “before” (one day I’ll put them in the wrong order, just to mix things up a bit):
Mm-mmm! Observe that tired undereye area, why don’t you? Bit of redness around the nose, just the usual little problems to iron out. And then:
Bing! My undereye circles were particularly stubborn this day, and I could have built up the foundation a little more had I wanted to, but I prefer to go in afterwards with a separate undereye concealer. I feel as though I get a little more control this way. But the
Here I am, smugly holding my foundation brush and
In other news, just in case you missed this on Twitter and Instagram, L’Oreal Paris recently announced their new – five UK bloggers and vloggers who will be co-creating beauty content with L’Oreal over the course of the next year. I’m very proud to say that I’m heading up the skincare section, bringing you beauty videos and posts and other sumptuous skincare morsels. Find out more about the new beauty squad
L’Oreal Paris

I was a guest at Lily Pebbles’ (amazing) wedding last weekend and – even though I was running a bit late – I decided to set my camera up on the windowsill in the hotel bathroom and film my makeup. This has to be the shortest “get ready with me” video ever produced, but all of the important steps are there – if anyone loves the look then perhaps I’ll recreate it as a longer tutorial…
A short and sweet post to go with a short and sweet video – enjoy, you can watch this in the time it takes to make a cup of tea!
There’s a new, juicy foundation on the block – the
I think that I’m going to let the photos speak for themselves in this review, because I personally think that the coverage is slightly heavier than you’re led to believe from the description on the box –
I think that where this foundation really stands out is in its ability to properly brighten the face – it has an almost “lifting” effect on tired skin, adding radiance and just a touch of bouncy dewiness. It feels plumper
And so to the before and after pics, because I know how you all look forward to them! Above, my skin before I start in with my
Ooh-la-la. There’s quite a glow coming off this one. This is just a single – very light – coating, buffed in with a brush, and it seems to have that clever modern trickery that so many foundations have these days, taking the light in, diffusing it and bouncing it back so that even with a lighter coverage the skin looks completely flawless and luminous.
Close-ups for your perusal, starting with (obviously) the before:
and ending with the after:
Nice, nice,
In terms of finish, there’s no greasy residue whatsoever and the foundation is buildable where needed. You can see that it hasn’t quite done the job when it comes to dark circles, but it made a decent attempt and – to be fair – it was the lightest little application. I’m really impressed – maximum glow, minimum fuss, the perfect sort of “healthy skin” makeup for blustery autumn days. If you’re a fan of the
Browse more foundation reviews…
I can only see the
I was in Paris with the beautiful skincare brand
By the time the light was okay near the window I only had around half an hour to do my filming and so the any makeup I did needed to be quick and easy. It had been a sticky 31 degrees outside in Paris the day before and so it also had to be makeup that would hold in place and not slide about. I went for my trusted favourite, foundation-wise – the
You can see the full process, including room service interruption (for your information, I had a fresh fruit platter, a yoghurt, a pastries basket, an orange juice and poached eggs on toast with a side of bacon – the baby-to-be made me do it) in the video below or by clicking
Enjoy…
Products Used:
I had around eighteen seconds to put together a washbag for my little mini-trip to the
Usually I have around three or four options for each skincare “stage”, even if I’m only away for a short amount of time – I have an endless supply of tiny sample bottles and tubes that I somehow manage to stockpile over the years, and quite often I use my travels to plough through these samples and test new stuff. Saving space
Ooh – and one small-size thing, actually – the Aurelia
The “power-serum” I took with me (always have to carry at least one!) was the
For a sumptuous, buttery night treat I chose the Darphin
And then, finally, the SPF. I took a brand new one, which was something of a risk, but luckily I got on very well with it. It was the
The makeup item? A “real skin” dewy foundation from No7 that’s affordable, foolproof and available in loads of shades. I’ve really grown quite attached to the
Not only did I draft this review at the beginning of the year and then forget to edit and publish it, I went to a load of trouble trying to obtain an old
So, the new
Sound good? It was. So much so that I put it into my (now apparently defunct) “favourite things” category. (Honestly, the online filing systems I start and then forget about. Do you remember
Browse more foundation reviews…
When I say “fresh and hydrating in feel”, I really do mean in comparison to the older
But the finish! Ooh, it takes me back to my peak modelling days when I’d look in the studio mirror and see a totally different person staring back – not the one who’d had three hours’ sleep and battled through a Milanese rush-hour, not the one who’d (perhaps) been the last one to bed, playing
Here I am before:
It does a great job on redness, dark circles and general unevenness. My skin was very, very good when these were taken (must have been the breastfeeding hormones!) but even so, the foundation just gives a beautiful, perfect canvas.
It’s sort of odd that these photos were taken at the tail-end of last winter and the foundation shade, 020, looks slightly paler than my skin, because when I tried it again this week it was just a pinch
In summary, there’s no denying that the
The formula’s shine control abilities are exemplary; I think actually better than the original, despite the fluid feeling more comfortable and fresh on the skin. As someone who very often wears “sheer” or “barely there” foundations when off-duty, I’m always taken aback by just how long some of these full-coverage bases last for, but
A great one for those who need longevity and high coverage – especially those with oilier skin – and who want that smooth, perfected finish.
*note that there’s a primer in the top photo; I liked this, but haven’t tested it enough yet to do a review. In all honesty, I can’t have loved it that much because it seems to have been relegated to the “test at some point in the future” drawer. I wasn’t wearing any primer, Dior or otherwise, in any of the face photos.
Perhaps “dupe” isn’t quite the right word to use here; “alternative” is far more accurate, but it doesn’t sound as good in my title! The
Sisley’s
Watch a very old video where I transform my hungover face…
The only problem with this little routine was that the eye mask was so
So I’ve always been on the prowl for a sort of
The moment I tried the First Aid Beauty
Now I do think that the Sisley mask, with its rose and arnica and antioxidants and the like, seems to be more effective as a leave-on product; the longer you have it on for, the better it works – but the FAB
I said I’d address the price issue, and here it is: Sisley’s
First Aid Beauty’s
Read more eye cream reviews here…
Here it is: my verdict on the Victoria Beckham makeup collaboration with Estée Lauder. What I like, what I don’t – what I’d spend cash on and, importantly, how I’d wear it all. There’s a video at the bottom of the page, which is possibly the key element of this feature – I demonstrate the bronzer, eyeshadow (or “eye metallic”) and kajal as well as both lipsticks from the range. If you’re in any doubt as to whether you’d get on with the shades you’ve seen in images online then watch the video and pay close attention!
So, the collection. Let’s start with the packaging. Sleek and sexy with reassuringly heavy compacts and
It’s all very sexy. Understated, luxurious and sleek. I think that the whole look and feel of the collection has been pitched perfectly – though it’s definitely priced to reflect this vibe! The
But nothing disappoints – if you’re buying into this luxe collection then you can be safe in the knowledge that the quality is top-notch. Nothing is completely mind-blowing, in terms of ingenuity or innovation, but everything is wearable and flattering and high-perfomance. It’s a clever, capsule-wardrobe sort of collection that makes you think “I’d wear
And because you can see yourself wearing every single item, it all becomes massively appealing, regardless of the price. You probably don’t
Oh – I said there were no disappointments. I lied. The
As I said before, there’s nothing showstopping or magically new about an eyeshadow, but the shades are beautiful and easy to wear and add an instant spot of glamour if you’re looking for a bit of grown-up glitz. And that ribbed leather casing! Be still my beating heart…
Here’s the video – notebooks at the ready, because I pick my number one “what to buy” right at the end. You can find the collection (except the highlighter) at
*new word, it’s a keeper.
You may have noticed that moisturiser reviews have been a bit thin on the ground, recently; that’s because I’ve been in my “testing laboratory” phase again, which is when I try my very best to stick to just one product. (Rarely do I manage more than a week or so without caving in and slathering on about a billion new skincare launches, but I do try to
The latest product to get a good old going over? Brand new day cream from L’Oreal Paris;
A key feature of the packaging is the dual-chamber pump which keeps the two lots of ingredients separate until they reach your skin. There’s a reason for this, apart from the bottle looking all modern and hi-tech: the active ingredients in the formula can be used in really potent amounts, which wouldn’t be possible if they were all bunged into one pot. It keeps the actives in optimal condition. I’m trying to think of one of my amazing analogies here, but all I can come up with is two boxers being kept apart until the fight begins and the sparks fly! Perhaps not the most savoury example…
But you catch my drift, I hope. High-performance stuff, offering complete rejuvenation both on the surface of the skin and deeper down. I gave it a three week trial – and actually, I didn’t know that I’d be working on this launch so I tried it well in advance as well as more recently. I had a “prototype” version that was given to me at the L’Oreal labs in Paris a couple of months ago, and after applying it for a few days in a row and liking the texture, I decided to carry on.
Now just to go on a little diversion, here: I’ve really been getting into my Vitamin C, skincare-wise, for the past year or so. I’d tried varying strengths and textures, some so powerful that my eyes have nearly popped out of my head, some more pedestrian, but I have to say that I really like the effects. I try to remember to put on some sort of antioxidant (usually heavy on the Vit C) every morning before my day cream, just as an added bit of protection against the various bits of damage that the outside environment can cause. (Even if I’m not going anywhere, I’m a fan of the “Big C” for helping to achieve that sort of even, radiant skintone that exists in my beauty dreams.)
What I liked about
Clever, really, to make a potent day cream, because so many women don’t use a serum or even know what one is. (About 90% of my friends and family, despite me banging on at them seven days a week.) Most seem to rely on their “face cream” or moisturiser to do everything, which is fine so long as it
Talking of heavy-duty lard-like layers, L’Oreal tested the
So the results – that 71% of women preferred the
I’ve worked my way through a good few of the Revitalift range now (the SPF
L’Oreal Paris Revitalift Laser Renew
*this post has been sponsored by L’Oreal Paris.
My magpie eye has been caught by two very different makeup collections this week; the first, a collaboration between Estee Lauder and Victoria Beckham, will be described in detail (and shown on video) in a few days’ time. But suffice to say, for now, that it is incredibly smart-looking and all of the product shades and textures are the sort of thing you’d actually
The other makeup collection to float my boat could not be more different: Paul & Joe’s limited edition
And now, adding to the kitten mix, the
Still lots of cats, then, but I can see many people snapping these up in a kind of relived-childhood nostalgic frenzy.
Though I must say that the makeup is excellent in its own right. The lipstick I’ve photographed here (106, Guava) is a beautiful sheer peach – rather like the YSL Volupte Shine in texture, though perhaps with not quite so much pigment. An easy to wear tinted balm, really, but something you’d want to keep in your handbag and keep on applying.
Eyeshadows are soft and blendable and the trios always have good shade combinations and the face powders are light, non-cakey and come with cute little powder puffs.
It all feels like “playtime” makeup but performs brilliantly. Prices for the refills start at £12 for a lipstick and the new
You can find the entire range at ASOS
Exciting things afoot for
We’re in so many stores across the world, now (see
As someone who spends 86% of her free time trawling ASOS.com, this excites me greatly. People can shop for their clothes (and novelty socks, cactus stationery, unicorn knickers) and then throw a couple of cans of Colab into their basket at the end. Free delivery, job done.
If you haven’t yet been converted to the ways of the Colab, then do give it a try. I first got involved with Colab when it was in its (nameless) infancy and there was just a prototype can containing an amazing formula: I’d never before used a dry shampoo that didn’t have any powdery white residue and was pretty blown away. Since then, we’ve developed gorgeous fragrances and new versions and the whole thing has gone from strength to strength – if you want to take a look at the brand in more detail then the website is
Anyway, I’ve gone off on a proper ramble there! Colab is at
I’ve already written about my marvellous
I haven’t had a lot of facials in the past year (not enough time) and the last one I had, earlier in the summer, was a very high-tech-high-performance-results-driven job from the amazing
That’s not to say that Pai’s
And doze off I did. But, as I said before, I saw clearer, fresher skin at the end and so it wasn’t merely the world’s most expensive snooze. And although I’ve no doubt that the products used by the therapist helped in getting my skin smoother and livelier, I’m almost positive that it was her skilful face-kneading techniques that did the most of the magic. Which is good –
Bravo. I think that the
Anyway, a great facial to go for if you find yourself in that neck of the (Lime) woods – and I’m sure that Pai will be in more locations soon. I hope so. The products really are so gentle and – combined with the skilled massaging – it’s the perfect treat for sensitive, congested, tense and all-round stressed-out skin.
You can find a list of the treatments at
I had presumed that I wouldn’t get on with Lancome’s new
Yes, it’s convenient to be able to carry your foundation about in a sort of all-in-one compact solution – the mirror in the lid, the product in the base and an applicator that is firmly trapped in between and will never roll about in your handbag coating everything in beige streaks – but
Well actually, I’d probably say that yes the cushion
Behold, below, my before picture, where my face doesn’t actually look too bad, considering the dog woke me up twice to go downstairs to drink water (it was a very hot night!) and then I had a sex dream involving Richard Branson that disturbed me so much I couldn’t sleep from 5am onwards.
And then take a look at the “after” shot, which looks as though it’s been done in a studio with big lights but was, in fact, simply taken in daylight in front of my office window. I’ve added vignettes to my images (the dark shadows around the edges) to make them look a bit more polished, but there’s no camera trickery here.
Nice glow, isn’t it? But it’s more the texture, the feel
I applied using a brush, and I quite like the kabuki/flat-topped sort of foundation brush for this (see
Close-ups for you – before and then after…
You can see, even zoomed in, that the finish of the foundation almost makes the skin look plumper and firmer, and there’s definitely a nice glow.
I’m won over. I even prefer the cushion version of this foundation to the
Browse more close-up foundation reviews…
In terms of value, you get 13g of foundation and a cushion compact for £30 and then refills are £19.50. The bottled version is £30 for 30ml, so you do get far less product for your money when you plump for a cushion, though I definitely feel as though I use less from the cushion than I do if I pump out the product onto the back of my hand before applying. Food for thought.
You can find the Teint Idole Ultra Cushion at House of Fraser
Earlier in the summer, I was invited to be part of an expert judging panel for the Sainsbury’s Beauty Awards*. Now in its seventh year, it’s an annual specialist event that celebrates the best beauty and grooming products that are available to Sainsbury’s customers.
There were a lot – a
Now I don’t want to sway your opinions, because you have got a little voting opportunity coming up, but I must say that there were some absolutely outstanding items. I was pleased to make some new skincare discoveries, including Nivea’s
But enough of my own favourites: there’s one category that the expert panel had nothing to do with and that’s the Sainsbury’s
Vote for the Sainsbury’s Customer Choice Award
*this post is an advertorial for the Sainsbury’s Beauty Awards
The
Everyone who has looked into my
It goes without saying – surely – that this is the mirror you need if you like eyebrow tidying, chin-hair plucking or any sort of pore-squeezing. It’s utterly addictive to be able to see exactly what’s going on, almost at a molecular level. And well worth the steep price-tag if you don’t want to be constrained by a long electrical wire and the need for a plug socket; the s
What else? Hm. Modern styling (I like) – very sleek and compact and well thought-out, not bulky and ridiculous like some of the other offerings out there – and a clever design that folds the mirror flat so that it can be placed in its travel case. A good call if you’re the sort of person who might constantly knock this from the shelf if it’s left there – just fold it up until next time.
Almost useless for doing your actual makeup in – it’s just too close for my liking – this is a face-poker’s mirror, a tool for faffers and fidgets, people who like to examine their eyelashes and trim their nose hairs to absolute perfection. I have become one of those people, and I’m not at all regretful.
I bought my Simple Human mirror from Amazon
The August Favourites are in – but I have a burning question before you start devouring the various little beauty morsels I’ve prepared. It concerns video “thumbnails” (those little pictures that appear along with the title so that you know vaguely what you’re about to watch) and – more specifically – the types of thumbnail that grab your attention.
Now I’ve always assumed that people like to see
Tell me, my ever-brilliant sounding board: which of the pictures on this page would make you more likely to click through and watch a video on “favourite products”? A photo of the products (top) or a photo of my face (above)? I’ve added a little voting app on the page, to make things easier:[yop_poll id=”1″]
And now that I’ve rinsed you for some valuable information and insight, it’s time for the August Favourites. Settle in and get ready to take a bit of a fancy to a new eye cream I’ve discovered…
Chanel Longwear Nail Polish:
A jolly little day cream for you: Melvita’s
Nothing too complicated going on here – I tend to bung this on when I’m going to be indoors for most of the day – but it’s nicely moisturising if your skin is on the slightly dry side. Not too greasy, but you definitely feel the effects (it has shea butter in the base, which I find tends to leave a comforting sort of residue) and it leaves my skin nice and plumpy.
I’ve also been slathering this on in between makeup changes if I’ve been trying out a lot of different foundations. It feels quite soothing and it actually sits very nicely beneath the face bases, counteracting the tightness that I can sometimes get when I do too many cleanses in quick succession. (I tend to use cleansing wipes or micellar waters when I’m testing makeup in my studio, due to lack of a sink, so that doesn’t help with my general sense of skin comfort!)
Read: soothing moisturisers for sensitive faces…
For ultra-soothing and balancing and general skin-sorting, I haven’t found anything to beat the MV Organic Skincare
But back to the Melvita (post got a bit gatecrashed there, didn’t it?): plenty of rose going on in this little tube of day cream. Rose extract, rose water, rose oil, and taken from a few different types of rose, too. Jam-packed with rose you could say. Jolly, jolly nice.
You can find the Melvita Nectar de Roses Hydrating Day Cream for £25 online
I’ve been working on a gorgeous new launch project with one of my most-loved beauty brands, Roger & Gallet, and today I’m proud to introduce their first ever skincare line,
Ever heard of a “beauty vinegar”? A
The
The
Initially, I found the name of this step rather off-putting. I’m not keen on vinegars outside of the food world – Mr AMR is always using them for various household chores (brilliant for getting that mouldy smell out of laundry when you accidentally leave it in the washing machine for six days and great for leaving mirrors and windows nice and shiny!) – but the smell of neat vinegar really turns my stomach. Fortunately the Roger & Gallet vinegar is as far from actual vinegar as you can get – not even a trace whiff of it, though the formula effectively uses its refreshing and purifying properties. It’s a bi-phase product, so you shake before use – fruit vinegars in the “watery phase” to clarify and refine and an “oily phase” containing the eighteen distilled plants that are at the heart of the
This eighteen plant recipe is the formula that has inspired the entire range. The
I think that it’s in the
A note on the
And there’s nothing wrong with having two goes whatsoever – pamper and indulge, that’s what I say! Whenever I have a spare moment I’ll usually spend it pootling about in the bathroom, slathering on new potions and lotions – it’s my proper unwind time. Which was the idea behind the launch campaign for the
I flew to France to a beautiful old
And there I was, trussed up in a rather racy corset, with
Y
You can find the
*Shardlake is a character in one of my favourite series of books ever, written by
**this post has been sponsored by Roger & Gallet
From Clinique’s perfectly formed
Not a gloss at all, despite the description on the Superdrug site, but a (very nicely formulated indeed) liquid lipstick with, I must say, quite phenomenal staying power. This needs a strong eye makeup remover if you want to get it off without having to rub like a maniac – those looking for a good, opaque, matte lipstick with excellent longevity should definitely give the
Puppy Paws
Above, I’m wearing a little bronzer and (because I was on an “experimenting day”) some aqua pastel blue eyeliner in my waterline. Not, perhaps, my most-recommended look, but you can see how dense the lip colour is and how strikingly pink.
So,
With the
Read the original
And now Clinique have introduced a new little gem – the
Here I am sporting (sporting!)
Nice, isn’t it? It’s the sort of effect you’d get if you gently pat-patted a normal, non-matte lipstick onto your lips. The patting usually seems to take away lots of the oils and you’re left with just the pigment on your lips, a muted sort of finish. The
You can find the
After the feedback on my
Not a lot, as it turned out – many high street brands have a really very narrow selection of shades, meaning that anyone with a very fair or darker skin tone is simply not catered for. The standout brand was L’Oreal –
Biting at L’Oreal’s heels, however, was Boots No7. They have seventeen shades in total, so far as I can tell, and a brilliant selection of different formulas – everything from a matte finish to a lighter-than-air soft focus sort of base. Though not all shades are available in all formulas, there’s something for just about everyone and No7 have a colour-matching service for those who aren’t confident picking the right shade.
The L’Oreal
I absolutely loved the No7
*in the interests of transparency, I’d like to disclaim that I have actually worked with L’Oreal
I’ll start with a spoiler: I did not get on with this foundation stick. I wanted to – I read every rave review under the sun and the Hourglass
I suppose that in many ways, it was never going to be the right foundation for me, because I don’t wear (or really like) many full coverage foundations, and this is very much a full coverage foundation. But I test a lot of face bases, whether they’re the type of thing I would wear or not – powders, sticks, creams and compacts, things with stupid foamy pads to apply them – and still I find the
Maybe I’m a total tool, I don’t know: the first time I applied way too much and I looked like I was wearing a mask, the second time I used more sparingly and just looked a bit uneven. Subsequent tries have been better – and
Browse all foundation reviews…
There’s a stubby sort of short-handled kabuki brush that pushes the foundation into the skin and – even on well-prepped, nicely-moisturised skin – I don’t get an easy blending experience. On my “dry” bits (forehead, chin, sides of face) the product seems too thick to melt into the skin and on my greasy bits it has a bit too much slip. I also find that if I apply
My forehead looks as though I’ve started to morph into a Klingon.
Now look: I love Hourglass. They do skin amazingly well – their complexion-enhancing powders are just second to none, they manage to induce radiance on even the dullest, most lacklustre faces. But the Vanish stick just ain’t for me. If you
I’d pretty much got the knack of applying the right amount of product, by this point, so no creasing or fine-line action! Above, my before picture. Then, with product applied:
Just a few dods of product on each part of my face – I found that any less than this and I didn’t get an even spread of foundation, any more and it looked too thick and heavy. And here’s the foundation blended in:
Definitely beginning to move towards that sort of radiant finish that I like, but I get more of a glow from my
What do you think? Have you tried the

As many of you will know, I often make videos for the
The latest product to have been given a thorough testing in the Crilly home laboratory (en suite) is the Olay Regenerist 3 Point Day Cream SPF30 Moisturiser. I’m already quite
In the new SPF30 Moisturiser, Olay have retained the effective Regenerist anti-ageing formula and added broad spectrum sun protection. Not an easy feat, actually, as I’ve been told many a time by people involved in formulating SPF products – something usually suffers, whether it’s the consistency or finish or the ingredients that are present in the final version. Olay’s SPF30 Moisturiser manages to avoid the usual SPF pitfalls – it’s non-greasy (thanks to the reduction in oily ingredients), it has a nice lightweight feel and it doesn’t leave a white or chalky residue on the skin. And as the SPF protects the skin from UVA and UVB rays, the Regenerist formula helps to hydrate, firm and exfoliate the surface of the skin, making it look fresher and more refined.
Clever stuff. I like that the SPF feels undetectable – it makes it much more likely that I’ll use a cream all year round if it’s pleasant to apply and sits well beneath my makeup. When my sun exposure is just incidental (ie, I’m not sitting out baking myself on the lawn or frying on a beach, which I don’t do anymore anyway!) I want my SPF to be as simple as possible. Moisturising, non-greasy and with an invisible finish – if it helps with the signs of ageing along the way, then that’s a massive bonus!
You can find Olay Regenerist 3 Point Day Cream SPF30 at
*this post has been sponsored by P&G and the
I’m always on the hunt for hair products that can transform my dry, slightly frizzy ends into something more sleek and presentable. I do like a serum for the quick-fix appeal and instant shine that it gives (most-used is probably Toni & Guy’s
When I was just a sproutling model, back in the year-whatever (2001?) the styling product
Well move over,
Browse more hair posts…
I suppose, in a little way, there’s a touch of the
Top stuff. It’s my new everyday hair-saver, with my
The damage on this one? £16.50. The One-Minute Transformation seems to have sold out at Space NK but it’s at Amazon
I told you this week would be rather heavy on the Chanel, but I couldn’t write about their amazing Nail Gloss without then going on to reveal the ins and outs of the new autumn launch,
But what a gorgeous collection – the first from their global creative makeup director, Lucia Pica.
I’ve played about with my favourite items from the collection on video – it’s not a perfect, polished look, because I was quite literally just messing about with the camera rolling, but you get a good idea of how the products can be worn. I found it quite liberating splashing on red shadow and then a clashing red lip – it seemed to go against all of the makeup “rules”, but felt so good! The reddish shadow from the
If you’re a true red lipstick fanatic then there’s plenty to keep you going in this collection. It would be weird for there
What an absolute daredevil I am
My summer of giveaways continues with an absolutely brilliant one from Rapid White: they are offering
I have never, ever met anyone who can talk as much as my dental hygienist. It’s actually something of a problem, and Mr AMR feels the same way – we both sort of dread going, because what should take ten, twenty minutes, takes about forty as she bangs on about everything from Christmas tree longevity to the benefits of a cordless hoover. Quite honestly, she could talk the hind legs off a donkey, and it wouldn’t be so bad if she just got on with the job as she talked, but she stops mid-polish, with the metal hose thing in her hand, and waves it about as she continues her monologue. Your jaw begins to ache but you can’t shut your mouth because you never know when she’s going to dive back in again!
So I love that the
A thorough, deep clean. Mr AMR said it made his teeth feel like new teeth. And he has very good teeth anyway (strong, white teeth – “American” teeth as my Dad would call them!) so it’s worth noting that he saw a big difference. The Clean & Polish system has been designed to be used once or twice a week, on top of your usual oral care routine and it doesn’t feel like a faff at all – it’s just like having to brush your teeth again, a couple of times. As someone who quite likes messing with their face (examining pores, inspecting hairline for greys, etc) it’s actually rather enjoyable to spend time doing a close-up cleanse on each tooth, and the polishing part is very satisfying.
Fancy a go? To be in with the chance of winning a Rapid White Pro Clean & Polish device, leave a comment below (*UK readers, 18+ only) before noon on the 30th August and keep your fingers crossed. A whiter-looking smile could be yours, just in time to wear those hot orangey-red lipsticks for the last death throes of summer. (Orangey lipsticks do tend to make your teeth look on the yellow side, don’t they?) If you want to take a closer look at the Rapid White Clean & Polish system then it’s at Boots
Update wth winners: Leila Prowting, Emma Puzylo, Rachel (mypinballs), Jen Baird and “LaughalotLucy”! Congratulations, you will be contacted directly by the brand.
After many, many years of producing the most brilliant nail polish shades but in a sub-par, easy-chip formula, Chanel have completely revamped their nail offering and it’s good. It’s really good. The new longwear polishes are just that – longwear, with the nude shade lasting a full week on my tin-opening, dried-weetabix-scraping, car-tinkering hands.
I’m going to come back to the longwear polishes in another post (this website might be a bit Chanel-heavy for a week or so, I’ve done a bit of a blitz through their new collection) but I couldn’t hesitate when it came to today’s subject:
In the bottle the gloss looks faintly disappointing – a transparent varnish with a reddish tint. The sort of thing you’d expect would stain your nails a wishy-washy pink, as though you’d coloured them in with a felt-tip pen. Or the kind of expensive extra step that might add a reddish sheen over your base colour, a luxury top-coat for those with money to burn. No, friends,
But there is a hint of sheerness there, a bit of transparency – it’s like painting your nails with a very rich and glossy form of strawberry jelly. It has the visual bounciness of a gel, with a hi-shine finish that looks chic and pulled-together, but the punchy colour of a traditionally opaque polish. I can’t get enough of it.
I’m hoping that the lasting-power is good – it doesn’t mention “longwear” on the box, so I’m not going to have the highest expectations in terms of longevity, but then I’d happily repaint with this every other day. Application was a breeze. And I keep staring at my fingers and thinking about holidays, which is never a bad thing.
Chanel Le Vernis Nail Gloss in
I’ve just found an unpublished review of the
(Re the image that goes with the post: do you remember my “beauty products on a grey background” photo phase? I used to sit for hours doing still-life pictures when I was heavily pregnant, dozens of products surrounding my chair and a large piece of grey board propped upright on the dining table in front of a studio light. I had a little conveyor system going on – bend to one side to pick up a new product, place it in front of the grey board, shoot it, bend to the other side to put it on the “done” pile. It was probably the most exercise I got, that summer…)
Anyway, the
Read more cleanser reviews…
Here are my original notes – I’d add that I really liked the smell of the
“There are so many gel-oil-milk cleansers on the market these days, but not many of them truly take you through the promised three stages – an easy to apply gel, a sumptuous oil to massage makeup away and then a light milk that can be quickly rinsed off. In terms of user experience, the Algenist version is top notch – the balm feels soft and comforting to apply, a little difficult to spread, perhaps, at first, but it soon melts into a beautiful oil. The formula feels nourishing but somehow very light at the same time; once it has reached the “milky” phase (just add a little water) it can almost be rinsed away without any need for a flannel or washcloth, yet as a balm it’s so sumptuous and thick.
My skin feels soft after rinsing, thoroughly cleansed but not stripped and with absolutely no greasy residue. I’d point out that it doesn’t do an exemplary job when it comes to mascara removal, but somehow I feel that’s the trade-off for getting a balm that’s so light and unfussy to remove. You’re given a luxury massagey balmy experience, but with a slightly quicker and more low-key finish. Fine by me, especially if I want something for the morning wash that isn’t foamy, soapy and tight.”
You can find the
My failsafe summer hair-saving trick used to be to smother the lengths and ends in a deep conditioning mask before going out in the sun. Then, at the end of the day, I’d simply rinse out the conditioner and all would be silky and well.
There were a number of problems with this approach, however, the biggest of them being the fact that the hair mask would set like concrete by lunchtime, making it feel as though I was wearing some sort of papier mache helmet. En route to the concrete state, the mask-saturated hair would pass through several phases, including “squidgy” and “fly-paper” – a very specific kind of stickiness that attracted flies, sand particles and bits of broken shell and invited them to take up residence in my slicked-back ‘do, turning me into a sort of human A-level art project.
Anyway, helmet-head no more, for this summer I have discovered
I have been a fan of the original
Prices for these moisture-saving, hair-smoothing wonder sprays? The oil is a very decent £16
To be in with a chance of winning a special set, leave a comment (one per person) before noon next Friday (12th August 2016) and tell me where you’re going on holiday. (If, indeed, you are going on holiday at all.) All the details, please – go on, make me jealous!
My lipstick of the summer seems to be a shade that’s somehow entirely inappropriate for the hotter months. Whilst the rest of the beauty world wears the hot oranges and fiery reds, enhancing their sunkissed skin and getting away with just a slick of lipstick and a pair of statement shades, I’m stuck firmly in last season. A pinkish-nude lipstick from Dior that looks amazing with a hint of pale bronzer and a slightly smokey eye, but would probably look a bit “
But I’m strictly low-maintenance this summer – I doubt a hot orange lipstick will even make it into my cosmetics bag. Dior’s
I’m wearing the Rouge Dior Couture Colour lipstick in
After quite a long spell of using mostly high street complexion powders in my daily makeup routine (I’ve been doing research, watch this space) I’m rather pleased to be reunited with a bit of luxe. There are so many brilliant bronzers and blushers and face powders from budget brands, but most of them are – not unexpectedly – lacking on the design front. Many don’t have mirrors in the cases, for a start, and you certainly don’t tend to get beautifully decorative compacts like the ones in the photo above…
So I’m enjoying carrying about a bit of eye candy in my makeup bag – powders with amazing packaging that I feel glad to whip out in public for an impromptu touch-up. From left to right, above, there’s the
The
Charlotte Tilbury’s
As promised, my edit of the best budget (high street/drugstore) foundations. This has been a long, long time in the making – I’ve tried some really shockingly
Bourjois Healthy Mix Serum Foundation: All Skin Types, Dewy/Fresh Finish, Medium Coverage
My absolute pick of the bunch, though Effaclar comes a very close second, the
Effaclar BB Blur: Oily/Combination Skin, Flawless/Airbrushed Finish, Medium Coverage
I say “medium coverage” but that’s only because it’s the fairest way I can think of to describe the way that La Roche-Posay’s Effaclar BB Blur (on offer for £11 instead of £16
Max Factor Face Finity 3 in 1: All Skin Types, Velvet Finish, Full Coverage
A three-in-one wonder from Max Factor that primes and conceals as well as providing a full coverage foundation. Great for oilier skin that tends to see makeup sliding off or going patchy throughout the day, but I wouldn’t rule this out at all if you’re drier – I have always found this to be quite nourishing in feel despite the velvet finish. Find it at Boots
L’Oreal Paris Infallible Matte: Oily/Combination Skin, Matte Finish, Full Coverage
This is a great little find – just £7.99 at Boots
I’m back on the dry body oils for that sexy, summer sheen
I’ve been indulging in a bit of
I once described Aurelia’s Dry Body Oil as being “Best in Show” (read the full post
L’Occitane’s
Goodness. If there’s a fresher-feeling foundation out there with the same amount of coverage and glow and real-skin finish then I want to know about it. Becca’s
I’ve been using the shade “Fair” which, considering it’s supposed to be the lightest (actually just spotted “Porcelain”, so perhaps that’s new) is not that light at all. It’s just right for me, and I’m definitely not the fairest of them all.
It’s worth noting, though, that this foundation does seem to end up lighter in tone than it looks when first swiped on the skin – it’s sort of like reverse oxidation! Definitely worth applying it properly, to a large area of your cheek and jaw, rather than just striping it onto your face to find a colour match. It’s gorgeously sheer and blends out really well, so getting an exact-to-the-nearest-fraction-of-a-shade match isn’t quite so important as it would be if you were going for a heavy-duty pan-stick sort of base.
See how it seems slightly fairer than you’d imagine from the swatch in the first photograph? But it definitely lives up to its name – so luminous and
Note that we are
Aqua Luminous does not give full coverage by any stretch of the imagination, but it has a fabulous, juicy sheen and it sits well on the skin, whether it’s the dry, flaky patches around my nose or the oilier parts of my cheeks. I’d say that this is a dream foundation for those with normal to dry skin, any oiler then perhaps use with a little more caution. You can get away with using just a few drops of Aqua Luminous, sheered out with fingertips (this looks utterly beautiful if you’re having a good skin day and just want to even things out a bit) or apply it with a brush for better coverage.
This is definitely one to look into if you’re after that dewy, healthy finish from your foundation but require a bit more coverage than a tinted moisturiser. If you want to see it “in action” then take a look at my
I have a rather special giveaway for you; as part of their 40th Anniversary celebrations, gorgeous beauty brand L’Occitane have
I have to say that I’d be really stuck if I was asked to pick one product from L’Occitane; I’m a habitual user of the
Or there’s the set of special editions that have been given a makeover to mark the brand’s 40th – the
What would you go for? If you had to just pick one L’Occitane product? Do have a think, because your beauty wish might just come true! To be in with the chance of winning a L’Occitane prize, all you need to do is leave a comment below telling me which product you’d pick (don’t worry, your decision isn’t final) and make sure that you enter your email into the form where prompted so that I can get in touch if you win. Please see terms and conditions below before submitting your entry – good luck!
I’ve used the term “foundation” loosely, here, because I mean it to incorporate other face bases such as tinted moisturiser, BB creams and complexion enhancers as well as the traditional high-coverage foundation. In truth, no BB creams or CC creams come anywhere near my top five face bases in terms of the most-used – it’s either a tinted moisturiser on days off or a fuller-coverage base on work days, when I’m on camera or at events or otherwise engaged outside of my house.
It’s taken me ages to put this video together because I really did monitor just how much I used each base – I test dozens of them and have a fair few that I use regularly, so it was actually quite difficult to narrow down my selection. But here we are. Enjoy – feel free to cheat and skip to the links beneath the video pane if you’re in a desperate hurry. You can also find more detailed reviews of most of the foundations by browsing the makeup category
Those still searching for their signature summer scent might like to give Tom Ford’s
Though
And just look at that rose gold bottle with its fluted sides and its inlaid label – true dressing table eye-candy. I thought at first that the glass had been covered in a sort of foil, but in actual fact when you hold it to the light it’s completely transparent. Rose gold
You can find Orchid Soleil at most big department stores and online at Selfridges
Read more fragrance reviews…

If you watched the
I have to say that the glamorously-named
But they’re not. The cream-powder is pressed into a compact, just like a traditional bronzer, albeit one that’s far lighter, brighter and smoother. The Sahariennes use ultra-fine pigment that sits so beautifully on the skin, so seamlessly, that it’s difficult to tell whether you’re actually wearing any bronzer at all.
I mean that in a good way, obviously; nobody wants to fork out on a bronzer for it to make absolutely no difference! I suppose what I’m getting at is that the finish is so lightweight and non-powdery, so fine and smooth, that it’s a subtle and believable bronzing effect that you end up with rather than anything brash or “done”. Definitely one for people who like makeup with a light touch, though both shades of this that I’ve tried (1 and 3) are supremely buildable for a more dramatic look.
Read more makeup reviews…
In the photograph above I’m wearing a light dusting of shade 1 with a bit of shade 3 in all of the usual places – below cheekbones, temples – so that you can see the overall effect. I can’t get enough of these
Beauty favourites were a bit thin on the ground, last month, but I
I’ve only just started Emma Cline’s
On with the video! A list of favourites can be found by scrolling down the page, if you don’t want to sit through my waffling…

A very sheer and natural makeup look for you in this video – dewy textures, glowy formulas and a healthy, youthful sort of finish. Those thinking of investing in either the Hourglass Illume Trio or Becca’s Aqua Luminous foundation might find it particularly interesting as I use both items here! I’ll try and do an in-depth review of the Aqua Luminous this week with skin close-ups – it really has such a lovely finish, though coverage is quite light and longevity isn’t
Brilliant skincare brand Alpha-H are celebrating their 21st birthday this summer and as a special treat for readers of
I love Alpha-H for their no-nonsense approach to skincare – they were one of the very first brands I discovered as a new blogger and they are still, to date, one of my favourites. There’s no frilliness and silliness, just highly effective skincare that’s been formulated to get the job done. They’ve got something for almost any facial task, whether it’s spot-killing, dryness banishing, wrinkle-reducing, but I have to say that they really do excel at making products that rejuvenate, renew and brighten.
The new
To be in with a chance of getting your hands on a pot of
Right: get entering, Power Peelers!

I’ve been pulling a few cleansing and exfoliating bits and pieces out from “the archives” recently; products that I’ve tried before and loved, but haven’t – for one reason or another – given my full attention. For the past month or so I’ve had the
I get on really well with these cleansing/exfoliating powders (some exfoliate, some cleanse, some do both, though I wouldn’t use any of them to remove my eye makeup); I had the
More facial exfoliants….
The
In actual fact, despite the slightly abrasive feel, the
You can find Givenchy’s
There have been lots of comments about my blusher in the
I think that it gives a real lift to the skin, don’t you think? Good for tired days when bronzer just looks a bit flat and drab. Excuse the moody face in my photo – as usual, I forgot to take a proper picture and this is a still that I grabbed from the video. You’d think someone had kidnapped my hamster…
I swept
I find the Creme Puff blushers so easy to use – very natural and glowing. Each blush has a few slightly different shades swirled in, so you don’t just get one flat colour, it’s a wash of beautiful tones. I’ve reviewed the Creme Puff blushers before
You can find Creme Puff Blushers at Boots
I’ve had total and utter brain-fry this week. It’s the first time that this has happened to me in a serious way, where I can’t seem form proper sentences or kickstart the creative side of my head, and it has not been fun. Luckily I had my blog posts scheduled, more or less, so I switched off my various bits of technology and tried to take a step back from the internet and de-fry myself.
And I’ve had “body-fry” too, if that’s even a thing – I’ve been quite ill and exhausted and have spent most of the week in bed feeling sorry for myself and trying not to drink too much fizzy Ribena. (Mr AMR started the fizzy Ribena thing off and now it’s become our evening treat. Honestly! You’d think we were both five! And now we’re both completely addicted. It’s very unsophisticated.)
I’ll make an educated guess that the brain-fry and body-fry are linked – I’m so unbelievably tired and can’t seem to get on top of things at the moment. That holiday I was dreaming about a couple of weeks ago? Now would be nice. I don’t even want to go very far. In fact I might just go on holiday in my own house – turn off all forms of communication, order loads of nice food in and pray that the sun comes out and I can sunbathe in the garden. That would be utter bliss. The thought of actually
Anyway, a video for you – very appropriately, seeing as though I’ve spent the entire week trying to think of things to write and coming up empty, it’s an “Empties” video. I haven’t done one of these in a while, but it’s basically a long ramble about the beauty products I’ve managed to finish off. (Doesn’t happen often when you have so many things to test all of the time, so I save the empty bottles and tubes in a big bag in the bathroom cupboard where they inevitably leak their last drops, go all sticky and get dust and hairs stuck to them.) Some are products that I like, some I’m not fussed about and some are hero products that I’ll definitely be restocking in the near future. Do enjoy – it’s quite a long video, so you may want to watch it as you have breakfast in bed or your late morning coffee! Just a serving suggestion….
Now that I have precisely twenty-eight seconds to get ready in the morning, I tend to gather together little groups of staple beauty products that I can rely on to get me through the day. The windowsill in my en suite is my “essentials” storage area – all of the bits and pieces that I know I’ll need on a daily basis, including scissors and cotton buds and tweezers, because
Most of the products in today’s post are old favourites, but there are a couple of new things I’ve been testing out. The first is Institut Esthederm’s
The second new thing I’ve been using is Sure Maximum Protection
My usual way to test antiperspirants used to be to put on quite a few layers of clothing, preferably made from nylon or viscose or some other man-made sweat-inducing fabric, and then hot-foot it into London to meetings, making sure to run up all of the escalators in the tube stations. (Holborn and Angel are particularly good for getting a sweat on, but don’t attempt them if you have reduced fitness levels, because you’ll need medical assistance by the time you get halfway up! If you don’t like escalators then the steps at Covent Garden are also great for making you swear like a trooper and leak sweat like some sort of human pasta-drainer.)
Now I have a baby, and a pram, and about three thousand bags full of stuff, so I don’t even need to wear nylon to start to sweat. I just need to leave the house and walk ten metres up the driveway. I can tell you that Sure Maximum Protection
And now for some more familiar things, starting with my favourite everyday radiance booster. My fondness for
In terms of makeup, I’ve been relying on a juicy layer of Laura Mercier’s
My final morning essential, if it’s not a
It has the most summery smell and is quite a good little holiday hair companion, if you’re jetting off, as it has UV filters to help protect from the sun. It’s currently half price on Amazon
*this post has been sponsored by Sure Maximum Protection.
**based on a survey of 208 UK women who tested the product.
I wrote about the
Skincare: do I really need to use a serum?
I’m a serum fan and have been for quite some time, now. Read the post linked above if you need some convincing, but in a nutshell, I feel that serums usually provide a good, concentrated hit of active ingredients in a lightweight, suit-all formula. They are the shot of espresso in a big cup of milky, frothy coffee (forgive me if this analogy is wrong, I’ve never drunk a coffee in my life but it seems like a good comparison!) or the vodka in the – er – vodka cocktail. More often than not they are of a liquid, watery consistency, but sometimes face oil blends are called serums too.
The
More skincare reviews….
The fact that this serum is non-oily, hydrating and soothing makes this a great all-rounder; acne-prone skin that’s raw and irritated, dehydrated skin that’s on the oily side, skin that tends towards redness. You can’t really go far wrong. My own face is relatively “normal” at the moment – very slightly oily in the t-zone, sometimes tight and dry elsewhere – and the
A brilliant “starter” serum, then, but this actually stands up to products that are multiple times the price, and I’ve found myself repeatedly reaching for it when I want something gentle and soothing to apply before moisturiser. Great for sensitive skin, oily skin, dehydrated skin and spot-prone skin that’s also all of the above, you can find it online (with full ingredients list) at LookFantastic
I’ve just seen that there’s a dedicated serum for anti-redness – I haven’t tried this, and don’t suffer from redness, but if you want to take a look then it’s online
Cream cheek products can be rather hit and miss; too sheer, too difficult to blend, or quite often simply
And who better to give us a trio of dewy, healthy creams for the face than Hourglass, the experts in subtle-but-believable glow? Their
This is the type of palette that quickly becomes indispensable; an understated highlighter for tops of cheekbones and underneath the brow, a suit-all blush and a warm bronze that can be buffed seamlessly into your base.
I like to use a brush to apply the bronzer (here it’s the Kat Von D
But carefully blended (keeping it to the sides of the face and not allowing the colour to creep too far towards the nose) it just gives a beautiful warmth to the skin. And the blush, layered over the top, stops things from becoming too “beige”:
Look at that rosy glow! It suddenly brings everything alive, doesn’t it? And if you’re wondering about the strength of the highlighter, then an easy way to see it is to look at my cupid’s bow – I have it on in the pic above, but not in the ones beforehand. Can you see how it just adds this gorgeous spotlight?
I was going to finish this post by saying that the Illume Sheer Colour Trio in
I’ve been a bit out of sorts for the past few days, so apologies for the lack of post yesterday, I know how many of you look forward to the
The most festival-appropriate part of the look is the incredibly quick smokey eye – you could smudge this about on your face even if you were half cut, lying in your tent, squinting at the person next to you and wondering whether you’d landed in a parallel universe. Or whatever it is that happens at festivals. All you need – for the smokey eye look – is one of those jumbo eye pencils, and there are loads of them about, and a blending brush. The brush does make things a little neater, but you could just as easily smudge using fingertips or a cotton bud. Or – and I’m improvising here, because of the festival theme – a small twig wrapped in a piece of napkin. Or the pointy end of a (clean, unwrapped)
Enough of my ridiculous speculating: here’s the video. I’ve listed the products beneath the screen, for easy reference.
Lots of people have body and beauty concerns when they’re pregnant – fears about their body changing and never returning to its former glory, worries about hair loss and stretch marks and a dread of getting spotty, hormonal skin. I was one of those incredibly annoying people who loved every minute of my pregnancy (conveniently ignoring the horrendous first few months during which I felt as though I was suffering the world’s worst hangover) and I really enjoyed the changes that happened to my body.
My main concern was a skincare one, really, because a few of my friends had developed very dark spots on their face during their pregnancies and some had experienced full-blown chloasma, which is when the hyperpigmentation is quite severe and looks like a sort of mask around the eyes and nose. Frequently, pregnancy marks like this disappear after the baby’s birth, but I had friends who developed dark spots from being in the sun and not protecting their skin and these seemed to have stuck around.
Dark spots are one of the skincare concerns that you don’t think about so much when you’re younger – you worry more about getting wrinkles, or getting pimples – but hyperpigmentation can have a much more dramatic impact on the overall look of the skin than either of those things. Apparently the steep rise in estrogen levels during pregnancy can stimulate excess melanin production, which is what causes the dark brown patches of pigmentation, and so I wanted to be extra-careful with my skin during pregnancy. I made sure that I wore an SPF every day and also an antioxidant serum beneath it, for added protection.
Since then, I’ve been very interested in the various serums and treatments that can be used to help protect the skin from dark spots and the latest one to cross my path is the
This serum is France’s number one pharmacy-stocked
The stabilised Viniferine used as a key ingredient in the serum has been shown to work in a number of different ways to help prevent dark spots and create an even, radiant skintone. Most importantly, it enables the production of
I’ve been using Caudalie’s
A quick and easy skincare step, then – I’ll update you again with results once I’ve finished the bottle, but I’m finding that a little goes a long way, so you may have a bit of a wait! In the meantime, I have five gorgeous
Starskin, The Master Cleanser, Detox Sea Kelp Leaf Cleansing Foam. Woo! That’s a product name and a half, isn’t it? I had to add some commas in just to break things up a bit, otherwise I could imagine people expiring from lack of oxygen before they reached the end of the sentence.
This little cleanser almost passed me by completely because it had slipped to the very side of my inbox and had jammed itself between a load of folded press releases. As you can hopefully see from my skilled photography (!) the packaging is rather different to anything else you might have come across, cleanser-wise.
I’ll tell you why not: they don’t bloody well stand upright! Which is fine if you have a load of bottles next to the bath to prop it up in, or a wire hanging thing in your shower where you can shove it alongside the flannels and razors and whatnot, but if you don’t have a handy place to stow it, its like trying to grapple with a miniature drunk who
Good for travelling though, I’d imagine. Nice and light and squashy. And you get used to the whole “lying it flat” thing, so long as you don’t mind slipping on it every time you step into the shower tray.
And the cleaner itself? I have mixed feelings. On the one hand, it is very rich and luxurious and a pleasure to use. Though it’s touted as a cleansing “foam”, it’s not a foaming cleanser in the sense of one of those washing-up liquid affairs that almost turns your face inside out with the amount of surfactant it contains. It doesn’t leave my skin dry or tight (though it does leave a sort of squeaky feeling on my hands when I rinse, which I find almost unbearable because I’m funny about squeakiness) and it seems to do a decent job of removing makeup and grime…
…but you can’t use it on your eyes. It does say something to this effect; okay their words are
Unless, of course, it’s one of those half-cleanser half-treatment sort of deals, like those
So, top marks for packaging innovation, even if the blasted thing does flip-flop about all over the place, and in terms of cleansing, good marks for a formula that seems to deep-clean without drying. Minus points for the eye situation.
On that note, if you have oily skin and are looking for a very quick, instant deep-clean and polish that you most definitely SHOULD NOT get in your eyes, then I’ve recently rediscovered Vichy’s
The Master Cleanser from Starskin is £17.56
If you’re looking for one luxe item to add life to your summer makeup bag then you could do worse than Chanel’s
And for once, I’m actually using the contrasting – or accent – tone, which in this case is a very pretty green. A sort of sparkling khaki – more vivid than khaki, actually, but not one of those acid-brights or near-neon colours that tend to pop up in summer palettes. This is wearable and flattering and blends beautifully with the shimmering gold, beige and chocolatey brown.
For a simple daytime look, I’ve been using the two lighter shades across the lid, moving towards the darker of the two as I reach the outer corners. Then a teeny bit of the darkest brown in a “v” shape along the top and bottom lash-line right at the edges.
In the pictures here, I’ve ramped it up a bit more by smudging the deepest brown shade into the bottom lash-line until about halfway along towards the inner corner, using the khaki green in the inner corner and blending out. I also used the smokey eyeliner brush from Bobbi Brown to create a tiny “flick” at the outer corners with the dark brown, blending it out so that it was almost imperceptible. It’s barely noticeable, really, but it does elongate the eyes. Though it requires a little more practice than I demonstrate in these photos – I had the baby in my lap and I wasn’t giving it my full concentration!
Chanel’s eye quads very often end up being my most-used makeup items in any given season – I think it’s because they are so compact and the shades so easy to blend together. There’s always one colour that works really well on its own to brighten up the lids and can be quickly swept across with a fluffy brush to create a polished look in no time at all. And it’s usually such a delectable little foursome of shades – I like that it’s all been pre-curated, a bit like a capsule wardrobe, and that the hassle of decision-making has been removed from the equation. It’s expensive, obviously, but the resulting looks are always top-notch and
Keep on dreaming, Crilly.
You can find Chanel’s Empreinte Du Désert Quadra Eyeshadow Palette at Boots
If luxe is not an option this summer then I can also highly, highly recommend British Beauty Blogger’s

This is the second time in only a few weeks that I’ve gone to write a rave review about something and then found that I’ve already done a rave review about it. On the one hand, it’s very annoying, because I invest quite a bit of time testing things, photographing them, checking the ingredients and taking various pictures (if relevant) of them on my actual face. On the other hand, it has to be a big old tick against the product if I’ve gone to rave review it not once, but twice. Don’t know what an earth it says about my memory, but we’ll brush over that…
So the
This
Find hydrating beauty for dehydrated skin…
And not only does the
Look at that smug, self-satisfied grin! I don’t know what I’m smiling about with those brows. What the hell was I thinking? (I was testing out a few brow products at once and went a bit
If you’re knackered and it’s a long-term problem then this is definitely worth trying, especially if you find lots of bases too drying and you fancy something sheer and juicy. And if you’re not knackered then you’ll love this too, probably even more so, because everything is easier to love when you’re not so tired that you tidy your makeup brushes away in the cutlery drawer…
You can find the bareMinerals Complexion Rescue online at
I had a (mostly) baby-free afternoon last week and so I thought I’d film myself getting ready for a Jimmy Choo 20th Anniversary dinner that I was attending. This sort of video is widely known as – rather unimaginatively, but we’ll let that pass – a
“You might think it’s odd that I’m using a large blusher brush for my setting powder, but it was the only one I had to hand and I couldn’t be arsed to get up and find another.”
or
“The eyeliner is a little wonky, but nobody’s perfect!”
That sort of thing.
I like to be able to give a running commentary on the reasoning behind my ridiculously inept makeup processes, otherwise they sometimes just look a bit…inept. What do you think? Do you like makeup tutorials or do you prefer music in videos? I sort of think that music makes the dull parts a bit more interesting, rather than having that awkward silence as you spend three minutes blending your foundation in, but my
Maybe that means that I should only do talking videos. Or perhaps I should have some background music for the bits when I’m quiet (which is probably only about 0.4% of any given video) but talk my way through the rest. I’m rambling, but let me know your thoughts. You are, as ever, my trusted advisors.
I’m reviewing or re-videoing quite a few of the makeup items shown in the video, so please don’t despair if you want to know more about them. The Chanel palette, the Becca foundation, the Benefit brow stuff, they’re all definitely getting their own little blog posts

I’ve long been a fan of Vita Liberata’s
Capture the Light
Here’s one leg with and one leg without, because I know you like to see these things in action:
There’s quite a tint going on, and a lovely glow, though the finish is most definitely matte. And here’s the baby, dressed as a cow, crawling over my newly
That’s a good point, actually; transfer is minimal, with regards to the colour. I mean I wouldn’t want to roll about on my brand new Egyptian Cotton (1000TC, Kelly Hoppen at QVC, amazing) bedsheets, but guess what? I just accidentally did. I completely forgot that I was wearing the
Overall, bravo – Vita Liberata’s
Body Blur
Here’s an easy way to wear blue around the eyes without looking like a five year old in a beauty pageant: a few coats of mascara wiggled right into the roots of the lashes, top and bottom, so that there’s almost a haze of colour defining the eye. It looks great on an otherwise quite neutral face – good base, touch of complexion enhancer or light bronzer, brows groomed with a brow gel – or, if you’re on holiday, it looks really striking against sunkissed skin.
YSL Beauté have launched a new line of mascaras called
Zappy! Good God. I’ll be saying trendy next.
The new
I can imagine that the Vinyl mascaras will a winner throughout the summer months, especially for people going to festivals or wanting to add a splash of colour for the beach. A waterproof version would be good, thinking of holidays – maybe that’s coming next…
The YSL Mascara Vinyl Couture range is at Boots

A new, magnificent racehorse of a product joins the Colab Dry Shampoo* stable:
HA! Where do I come up with these things? Thank God I’m not a copywriter. Spray-on haircare helmet. Seriously, though, this is sort of a “dry shampoo ultimate”; more oil-absorbing than the original
Colab
If you’re using the
You can find this new gym-bag essential at
Colab Dry Shampoo Worldwide Stockist List
*I am a founder of the Colab dry shampoo brand.

My most-requested review of the year; not from readers, but from friends and family. Which is unusual, because most of my friends and family couldn’t really give two hoots about beauty things! I suppose, though, that the
Read: 5 Best Time-Saving Things For Your Hair…
Dyson’s Supersonic has been lauded as some sort of hair-drying dream machine; quiet, incredibly fast and with intelligent temperature controls that keep the heat to a level that won’t damage your hair. The catch? It’s £299. See what I think of it (and how it compares to the Parlux 385, an incredibly powerful and lightweight dryer) in my video below. If you’re loathe to watch the video then I’ve summarised my thoughts on the Supersonic below the screen – just scroll down to spoil all the fun. (Joke. I know lots of you read this on the tube or bus and it’s not convenient to have my sweet voice ringing out for everyone to hear.)
You can find the Supersonic at Selfridges
This is not a sponsored review or ad; the hair dryer shown is a press sample but with no obligation to review. At the moment the dryer is exclusive to Selfridges, link above. The Parlux dryer is on LookFantastic
Supersonic Likes
The weighted handle (the motor is in the handle and not in the main body of the dryer) which gives it an expensive, precision-engineered feel.
The magnetic nozzles – they are so easy to attach and detach. Usually I hate trying to change nozzles on hair dryers, so I don’t bother!
The refined feel of the air-flow that doesn’t mash your hair all over the place and make it frizzy. My hair looked really sleek even though it dried faster than usual.
The heat control function that stops the dryer from reaching temperatures that would damage your hair. Usually I find that dryers get far too hot and you have to keep on messing with the switches – this one is at just the right temperature, though you can make it cooler and there’s also a cool-shot button.
Supersonic Dislikes
It wasn’t
Filming in my new office is not going well. Not at all. I can’t really talk to Mr AMR about this as when the office was being designed (it’s newly built and at the bottom of the garden) he asked me a million questions about whether such and such wall dimensions or such and such window placements would be good for my video making… Obviously I was quite heavily pregnant and couldn’t make decisions any more serious than “scotch egg or slice of quiche?” so I just said “yes, that will be fine” to everything and now I’m in a bit of a pickle.
For one thing, the office only gets direct sunlight at the very end of the day, and by then the sun is so low that it shines right through the windows (which are huge) and heats up the interior of the office to an unbearable temperature. At this point, the light is too “hot” to film in; it’s sort of sexy and sultry, but quite harsh and only good if you want to look as though you’re filming on the beach. For the rest of the time, it’s actually rather dark. In comparison to my usual filming place, in front of the floor-to-ceiling window next to our bedroom, it’s positively gloomy.
Oh well; I’ll get there with it. I just wanted to explain why this video has different lighting to usual. Once I’ve finished
God, what a ramble! You’d think it was the
I am aware that this video posted on Youtube a couple of weeks ago; apologies. I had a rough version of this post in drafts and forgot to finish it off. Story of my life.
I find it relatively easy and enjoyable to test and monitor the results of skincare for dehydrated skin; not only are these types of products usually light and fresh-feeling and suitable for use nearly all of the time, their effects are often pleasingly noticeable and fast. Never too heavy or greasy, they can usually be applied to even the oiliest faces and many are simple serums that can be quickly boshed on before moisturiser or foundation or whatever it is that you’re doing with your routine at that particular time.
There’s a video on this below, if you want to see some absolutely
Many beauty products for dehydrated skin use hyaluronic acid (or a derivative) as their hero ingredient; hyaluronic has an amazing ability to hold onto water, so the skin stays more hydrated, looks plumper and feels softer. It’s present in loads of the products I’ve featured here, and a good ingredient to look out for (as a general rule) if you’re after something that will help with hydration. One of the ultimate hydration boosters has to be Hydraluron (
The first product I wanted to talk about is the
Eucerin Hylaruon Filler, £31 for six
Institut Esthederm Hyaluronic Serum, £49.50
And then Chanel’s Hydra Beauty Lotion “Very Moist”, which is £40
Possibly one of the bounciest and most intensely moisturising products that I’ve ever used: Skinceuticals Triple Lipid Restore 2:4:2, which is £123
Lastly, we go from over a hundred pounds to under a tenner with L’Oreal’s Revitalift Night Mask: £9.50 at Amazon
Here’s the video with some face bases I’ve been using to get that fresh, dewy skin feeling and an eye cream suggestion for those who want something rich and nourishing. (It’s the Elemental Herbology one, full review
It has been a month of disappointments, beauty-wise; face creams that didn’t cut the mustard, shampoos that ended up in the charity pile and a weird waterproof-mascara-remover that looked like an
So finding my favourites has been rather labour intensive – there have been dozens and dozens of rejects for every good discovery – and a couple of this month’s featured products are actually not that new. The Suqqu Moisture Mask, for example, which has bulldozed its way back into a favourites video due to its sheer magnificence in the hydration department, and the
But my round-the-clock beauty testing has paid off (ha!

Ah, it’s that time of year again – the sun peeps out and everyone panics because they don’t have any sunscreen because it’s all gone manky from the year before and the bottle is covered in sand and the formula has separated and anyway you shouldn’t use it because it’s old and WHAT THE HELL IS A GIRL TO DO?
Three new ones for you – a clever little mist, a lightweight beauty treat and Murad’s Luminous Shield, which is the sheerest, glowiest SPF I’ve ever tried. These are sunscreens you’ll want to wear, not just tolerate wearing because you have to.
Bioderma Hydrabio anti-UV Mist
Goodness me, this is a bit of a game-changer! Finally, sun protection that can be used over the
Chanel UV Essentiel SPF 30
I’ve also tried this in a 50, but I usually find an SPF 30 to be more than adequate for my skin in the UK. Pack me off to Greece (yes please!) and I’ll ramp it all up to an SPF 50 and add in a sun hat and a beach brolly for good measure, but here in Britain, messing about in the back garden, 30 is my pal. I prefer the feel of the 30, in Chanel’s
Murad Luminous Shield SPF 50
If you’re looking for a sunscreen that will not only protect the skin but help to make it look far more even-toned then this should be on your to-try list. It could actually be mistaken for an illuminating primer or base, such is the dewy glow, so there’s that too. And then there’s the fact that it’s virtually weightless on the skin, yet manages to feel fresh and hydrating, that it contains a dose of glycolic to aid cell turnover and keep the skin looking clear and bright… It’s pricey, but I think worth every penny – many would pay the same price for a day cream
Right, more SPFs to come – I do like a good testing session when the sun starts to make a proper appearance.You can browse past sunscreen posts

I promised a slightly more in-depth review of Dior’s new Ultra Gloss but then realised, re-reading my last mention, that I had already summed it up pretty well. This is gloss with attitude – a mirror-like shine and a finish that’s a little tougher than usual. Like the glazing on a doughnut, rather than a wishy-washy gelatinous sort of covering. It would be a very glamorous doughnut, of course, because this is Dior – no jam blobbing out of the side or hundreds and thousands stuck to the top.
Despite its slightly toughened exterior, Ultra Gloss is still a
Dior Ultra Gloss is as non-sticky as you’d reasonably expect from a high-end offering; gone, I think, are the days when they were like glue, catching every last midge or speck of passing debris so that your lips resembled one of those chunks of amber with the fossilised insects inside it. Most brands worth their salt seem to have perfected the non-sticky lip-shine formulation – still slightly tacky to the touch, but nowhere near the fly-paper level of stickiness we endured in the nineties.
There’s a good dose of colour in the
You can find Dior Addict Ultra Gloss Sensational Mirror Shine (and…relax) at Escentual
Last week I went to the launch of the new Chanel No5 fragrance,
Those who find this overwhelming might welcome the arrival of Chanel’s newest fragrance,
I think (though nobody mentioned this) that Olivier Polge’s intention was to make a
Chanel No5 L’Eau launches in September – I’ll update with more details when they come in.
*I attended the press launch as a guest of Chanel along with other writers and beauty editors, this is not a paid-for or sponsored post. (All sponsored or advertorial content is clearly marked “AD”.) If you’d like to see an absolutely
I’ve gone blonder for the summer, thanks to Nicola Clarke at John Frieda* who took me at my word when I flippantly said “I want to be
I feel so much better with lighter hair. My makeup looks fresher (I need less of it), my hair doesn’t get greasy as quickly and the lighter colour somehow seems to be hiding my ridiculous broken-off sections that have been growing back in after the post-partum hair loss. Massive bonus.
I’ve been gradual-gradual-tanning my face with my
Anyway, an odd post for a Sunday Tittle Tattle, but I’ve had loads of photos taken recently and realised that I hadn’t even mentioned my new do! I think I probably need a bit of a trim, now – some shape cut through the bottom so that the ends are less heavy. It’s quite hard to get my hair to
*I had my hair coloured at John Frieda in Mayfair – details
I’m back from “South-of-France Round One”: and what a brilliant trip. Chanel hot air balloons, dashing men opening doors for me and a gorgeous new No5 fragrance to tell you about, once I get a moment to write things up. I now have just twenty-four hours at home before I need to jet off back to Cannes for the film festival, so I’m frantically trying to sort out a few administrative issues whilst simultaneously scheduling blog posts and searching online for tit tape. (I’m wearing the plungiest dress on the red carpet at Cannes; I have
I was slightly afraid of my bathroom at the Colombe d’Or. (A great – and very quirky – hotel I stayed in at Saint-Paul de Vence, which was near-ish to Chanel’s rose fields, where our press trip was taking place.) Firstly, the bathroom was yellow – all yellow – and it reminded me of the sort of bathroom that might appear in a horror movie. (You know; chosen by the location people especially for the yellow tiles and strange lighting, and because the blood of the -usually blonde – victim would look so vivid splattered up the walls.) Secondly, the shower head above the tub was stuck to the wall at a height of around three feet, which was too low for me to climb under, even on my knees. I realise that you’re meant to hold the shower head higher, but there was no little metal thing (hose holster? head clamp?) for me to slot it into. So hair-washing was out.
Anyway, I have my own dry shampoo so that makes things a lot easier on the hair-managing front. I used a load of Colab
There’s some very exciting Colab news coming up next week – those of you who like to stay fit or spend lots of time outdoors will think it’s just the bee’s knees. Those who
My other beauty saviour on this trip? A tiny little sample pot of Omorovicza’s
When I say there was room in my suitcase, I mean ROOM! My new
And on that note, I must go and fill my case with an outrageously excessive number of things – time is ticking and a girl can never have too many pairs of pyjamas for a one night stay…

A very radiant face for you, today, using YSL’s relaunched
I’ve gone in with all guns blazing, here, and not only used the
You can see that the various
I started off with the
I’m well-versed in the wonders of an apricot or peach-toned corrector – brilliant for under the eyes – but was sceptical about the violet. For sallowness? I had never come across that before. Luckily, because I had scribbled it all over my face, it worked really well – the cool tone seems to add a very clean brightness to the skin.
And then to the foundation: I use shade BR20 in the
Important to note, with the
After my army of
To finish off, I added a bit of a flush to my cheeks with YSL’s
I’d like to say “and that’s all”, but this look hasn’t exactly been minimalist – I have utilised all of YSL’s magical brighteners in my quest for the ultimate “awake face”. And I shall be utilising all of these again next week when – wait for it! – I will be at the YSL counter in John Lewis, London Oxford Street, waiting to meet any of you who fancy popping by! It’s my first meet-up in over a year so you’ll have to excuse me if I bore you all to death about my baby. I promise to talk about beauty too. Ha.
I will be at the YSL Beauty counter in John Lewis, Oxford Street from 4pm until 8pm on Tuesday 17th May and readers who stop by will be colour matched and then receive a seven day sample of the new foundation to take away. There will also be YSL makeup artists on hand for makeovers and bubbles – I’ll be partaking in both of those things! I can’t wait to see you, old readers and new.
You can find all of the products used above at
*this post has been sponsored by YSL.
Thrifty Scent. I know what you’re all thinking:
(I told you it was an incredibly bad pun. Fifty Cent the man has nothing to do with scent at all – though how amazing would it be if he did actually bring out an aftershave and call it either
Anyway, seeing as though I’m making the effort to craft a readable post out of nothing, using this meagre pun as my starting point, I’ll get serious: thrifty scents. Is it really possible to find great perfumes at low prices? Let’s take a look…
The Celebrity Smells
Lots of the celebrity fragrance offerings seem to be a bit sweet or sickly for me but I found a few gems that would sit happily alongside my more expensive bottles. Firstly – and this has been the case for a few years, now – I am
Kim Kardashian’s
Lovely
The Age-Old Classic
There are scents that have been around since the beginning of time (almost) and cost less per ml (nearly) than some sparkling mineral waters. 4711 is one such fragrance – the original cologne, made in Cologne. Oft copied, or at least used as inspiration, it has neroli, bergamot, lemon, lavender and rosemary notes and the smell is fresh, herby and zingy all at the same time. It’s incredibly popular the world over and its affordability means that you can sprinkle 4711 on your linen, freshen the air in your hotel room with 4711 and use 4711 to scent the air before you as you walk around the city, like some kind of visiting dignitary. Find it online
The Price War
If you’re ever about to buy a fragrance online it’s
All Beauty are a good place to check and they stock one of my first ever beauty indulgences –
The Unexpected Contender
I love finding a perfume that stands up to its bigger, more expensive competition, despite being from an unexpected source. Roger & Gallet’s
Roger & Gallet’s
There you have it – an entire post borne from a bad pun. Do please leave your own Thrifty Scent suggestions and recommendations in the comments below, as well as bad puns if you can conjure any up…

I’ve been playing about with Dolce & Gabbana’s
The matte eye monos are unbelievably pigmented, and I’m having great fun with the Turquoise one (though not quite ready to go out in it until I’ve honed the application technique), but it’s the lipstick and nail polish in
Sizzle sizzle. I’m wearing
Stay tuned for more on this collection – you won’t
You can find the
In late June, skincare brand La Roche-Posay are launching something quite brilliant, especially if you’ve always been interested to know just how much UV exposure your skin is getting. (I realise that’s quite a niche interest, but there are lots of skin and beauty obsessives here so it’s not too far-fetched!) Being an annoyingly cynical sort of person, I have always wondered how much SPF I really need to apply when I’m here in the UK. And I don’t mean on a blazing hot day – it’s obvious, I think, to most of us, that when the sun is glaring down and you’re forced to put your sunglasses on your skin needs to be protected. No, I’m talking about your confusing overcast-then-slightly-sunny-but-also-cool-enough-to-wear-a-jacket kind of day. The typical British summer’s day or a nice spring day, or even a winter’s day when you’re going to be gadding around outdoors a bit. What then? How high is your exposure to UV, really?
So La Roche-Posay’s new
I’ve been wearing my UV Patch for the past three days – you can wear it for up to five – and the results have been really interesting. I hadn’t reckoned on my skin being exposed to UV quite as often as it was and there were a couple of hours of really intense exposure last Saturday, when I was out walking the dog, that had completely escaped my notice. I’m looking forward to testing my spare patch when the weather gets hot (ha) so that I can track the exposure over a number of days when I know I’ll be outdoors a lot – I thought I might use that time to do some SPF-testing, very scientific!
The idea behind the
I hope that this is the kind of technology that will become very mainstream; stuck to the inside of magazines, like perfume samples, or free at the till when you buy something at Boots. Perhaps. I realise that it’s much more expensive to produce wearable technology than it is a perfume sample, or a little sachet of face cream, but it would be so beneficial to make people more aware of how they needed to protect their skin. I have to say, the app could be simplified much more – perhaps a very basic traffic light system to show when the skin is being most exposed to UV, for those who don’t want to look at the chart or read notes – but overall, it’s a very user-friendly experience.
Please do leave a comment if you’d like to try a UV Patch – be aware that the patches won’t be ready until June, just ahead of the main launch, but definitely in time to monitor some days in the sun! I’ve been doing a marathon SPF test session recently, so keep a look out for some recommendations…

Something you might not know about me, unless you’re a) my cousin Anna or b) Mr AMR: I
So it was with genuine glee that I accepted an invitation to have my skin analysed by the experts at Eucerin – they promised to ask me many questions (in reality there weren’t too many, the analysis – thankfully – concentrated more on professional assessment and scientific readings) and then put all of my results into a huge database so that I could compare my skin to other people in my age group. And if there’s one thing I love more than forms, it’s getting quietly competitive about my skin and how it compares to other people in my age group. I shouldn’t admit to that, but it’s true – come on, who
Of course there’s always the risk that things could slide the other way, and you leave weeping and promising yourself that you’ll wear sunglasses for the rest of your waking hours, baste yourself continuously in SPF50 and never smile again, but thankfully things went well and after having weird UV photos taken, getting my skin’s moisture and sebum levels analysed and undergoing a full inspection of my eye wrinkles and cheek pigmentation, I was given a verdict of “very good”. I had wanted a sort of “post-pregnancy” skin appraisal and had been expecting my face to be very dry and sensitive, but as it turned out, I had been doing pretty well keeping things moisturised and on an even keel.
So my skincare prescription that followed was more of a maintenance programme than anything drastically different, but that didn’t stop me, you’ll be pleased to know, asking about each and every Eucerin product that had been neatly displayed in the consultation room. I’ve used a few different products from the brand before, but didn’t realise quite how many skin concerns were catered for. Atopic dermatitis, hypersensitivity, acne, redness, uncomfortable dryness; there are specific, clinically-proven products for almost anything you can think of, all of them highly tolerable even for the most sensitive skin. Eucerin is a dermatologically-recommended brand who have been pioneering medical skin science and innovation for over a hundred years, so this shouldn’t have come as a surprise, but I hadn’t before grasped quite how targeted each range was.
As I ploughed through the table of goods (probably being incredibly annoying because I kept leaving the lids off everything and putting bottles and tubes back in the wrong places) I found loads of very interesting products, including an
I’ve been using the
I was already using the eye cream from the same range (
There’s a very comprehensive range of sun protection, all of it suitable for sensitive skin but with specialist products aimed at either blemish-prone or very dry skin. I like the lightweight, mattifying
You can find all of Eucerin’s products for face, hair and body at Boots.com
*this post has been sponsored by Eucerin.
Oh, I did have a chortle to myself when I answered the door to a delivery man last week wearing a pencil skirt, sexy blouse, rollers in my hair and the makeup look above. Considering he’s used to seeing me in my pyjamas, it must have been quite a shock. He didn’t speak, except to ask me to sign for my parcel, but his expression was priceless. I felt like leaning against the door frame in my get-up and saying “what, this old thing? Just something I threw on…”
I had been having a morning of makeup experimentation, as I am wont to do if Mr AMR is off doing errands with the baby. It’s good to have a proper play with new things – I’m not sure you really get a feel for products if you just swatch them on the back of your hands or give them a cursory swipe over lips, eyelids, whatever… I try to use new makeup items as part of a look that I know I’ll photograph or put on video, so that the pressure is really on; if the texture of a lipstick is terrible or a bronzer is shockingly glittery or a mascara crumbles off after an hour then it simply doesn’t make the cut. I take it all off and start again.
Luckily this look did make it onto film and I’ll be doing a more refined version of it this week (eyebrows groomed, mascara more carefully applied) when I have a spare moment. I used the gorgeous YSL
Lips? Again, a separate post coming up, but this is the new Dior Addict
I used No7’s
The No7
For added glow: Laura Mercier Radiance Primer…
It has a lightweight, silky feel and although it isn’t especially moisturising, it leaves skin looking as though it has been thoroughly buffed with a nourishing face oil. If you did want to use it with a foundation then it works very nicely mixed in – equal parts if you’re not fussed about sheering out your coverage – or patted on over the top. Though you have to be careful with the patting, because you can get a bit out of your depth if you use too much product or start disturbing the makeup base beneath… If it’s specific highlights you’re after on top of your foundation I think that MAC’s
i-Glow Powder: the One Stop Shimmer Shop…
No7’s
You can find the No7
I know that most of the time, if we’re choosing an eye cream to wear beneath makeup we want a formula that sinks in nicely and doesn’t leave a slippery residue. We want a cream that will disappear but leave the skin smooth and soft, plump out creases so that makeup doesn’t sit in the lines and – ultimately – prime the eye area so that it feels comfortable but firmer and refreshed. (Quite a big ask, when you think about it!)
But over the past six months or so, I have felt the need for something much more moisturising around my eyes – they have often felt dry and tired and I haven’t really enjoyed so much the feeling of a “refreshing” gel or “cooling” roll-on. I’ve felt a distinct beauty yearning for a very rich formula with a nourishing feel, something to wear on days off when I’m not really that fussed about prepping for makeup. Though the Eye Elixir from Elemental Herbology does, in fact, sit perfectly well underneath makeup, it has a really gorgeous long-lasting moisturising effect that feels comforting and protective. I know that “residue” isn’t usually seen as a positive thing, but sometimes I feel as though I
And so I like the Eye Elixir because it feels so rich and nourishing, but actually the texture is quite lightweight and refreshing. There’s no heaviness to it at all – sometimes with a rich cream, you can feel as though the moisture is collecting in your eye bags! – it’s sort of energising, really, rather like one of those metal-ball-rollers, except without the extreme cooling effect.
I feel as though you get the best of both worlds with this one – long-lasting, rich moisturisation but with a light, almost delicate feel. It’s not the cheapest eye cream out there, but neither is it anywhere
The only thing I don’t like so much is that because it takes a little while to sink in – you get a bit of white residue on the skin – it’s not ideal if you’re really rushing to do your makeup. But I’ve addressed that already, I suppose, and I’ve said that I
More eye cream reviews…
The blurb-bumf says that this elixir has a “botox-like effect” from its plant-based anti-aging ingredient and L-Ascorbic acid (vitamin C) to stimulate collagen production and protect against UVB and UVA damage. There’s also a gentle astringent to firm the skin, powerful peptides to help with eye bags, Hematite (?) and Kombuchka (??) to restore tone and radiance, Blue Green Algae to help smooth and re-densify the skin and Macadamia Nut Oil, Aloe Vera, Yerba Santa, Rose Water and Lavender Oil nourish, soften and soothe the delicate eye region. Bloody hell. It’s not shy on things it can do, is it?
You can find the Elemental Herbology Eye Elixir at FeelUnique
I hate doing my hair. Hate it, hate it. Hence my love for dry shampoo, hence my own dry shampoo brand, hence the fact that I probably go through a can of Colab
So yes, Colab
Do enjoy – and please check the updated
If you can’t be bothered to watch the vid, and don’t want to see me demonstrate the world’s best hair styling tool, then there’s a spoiler list of products further on down the page. But if you buy the Babyliss and

I don’t know why, but there’s a word that keeps popping into my head whenever I use Suqqu’s new
Frame Fix Liquid Foundation Lightness is Suqqu’s latest addition to their
I want to say
The coverage is comprehensive but doesn’t mask entirely – the trick to such a real-skin finish, I’d imagine. It blurs, softens, throws up a smokescreen but somehow all of the charming nuances of the underneath-skin are still apparent. It’s the perfect balance, especially if you like to look as though you’re mostly makeup free. Here’s a before-and-after:
You can see that the
It’s just such a gorgeous, natural finish. I think that the shade I used, 102, could
In terms of the types of skin this would suit, it held perfectly well on my PMT-oily skin and looked fine on dryer areas, but as always with a new foundation, best to go in and test on counter if you’re unsure. I’m also becoming quite a primer convert – if you have extremely oily skin or very dry then they can really transform whatever makeup you apply over the top and allow you to get the best from your foundation. I’ll be rounding up some of my favourites soon.
Suqqu Frame Fix Liquid Foundation Lightness is £58 at Harrods.com

The
Whatever floats your boat; New CID’s
Here I am with a light dusting of
You could almost mistake i-Glow for a very fair, shimmery bronzer, but it is
I used a Real Techniques duo fiber brush (the middle size in
You can find i-Glow in

You know that an SPF has an acceptably pleasing texture when you mistakenly use it as a serum, at night, for more than two weeks in a row. I had no issues whatsoever with L’Oreal’s
Oh dear. You’ll have to excuse me – I’m usually very methodical when it comes to testing my skincare products, but I just got it into my head that this was a serum (maybe because it was a long, tall bottle next to the stout pots that house L’Oreal’s other Revitalift creams?) and didn’t think to check. The “Laser X3” on the bottle threw me, too, because it’s the sort of terminology I’d associate with a serum. As it turns out, the
When I say “gross”, I mean that grubby sort of feeling that often comes along with SPF, when you put it on and feel desperate to wash it off again ten seconds later. None of that here; it’s a bouncy, almost gel-like texture, moisturising without any greasiness, quick to sink in and leaving the skin nicely prepped for makeup. Not at all like a serum, now that I know it’s not one, but what a happy accident!
You can find Revitalift Laser Renew Day Cream SPF25 online at Amazon
Sorry; another pinky-nude lipstick, but it’s really the texture of this one that I want to scream and shout about. (In a good way.) Bobbi Brown’s
I’m wearing
The formula contains Avocado, Babassu and Jojoba oils and is excellent at smoothing over lip imperfections and dryness, as you’d perhaps expect – I love the low-key shine that doesn’t feel sticky or overdone. I can imagine that the
You can find the new Nourishing Lip Color at Bobbi Brown
I think that this has to be the most random video I’ve ever filmed. I just switched the camera on and waffled away and it was only because the eyeshadow palette I tested was
I said recently that often my best makeup looks were done off-camera: maybe I should just leave the camera casually rolling away more often. The banter isn’t very professional (Ray Winstone impression anyone?) and I’m wearing a towel on my head throughout, but I think I’m in a more relaxed frame of mind and so up for mucking around with textures and finishes.
So here we are; my No Foundation Makeup Look using high street (or “drugstore”) products. The No7 skin illuminator and Bourjois concealer I bought this week are fabulous – very fresh-feeling and perfect for the spring and summer – but the
Watch, share, laugh, cringe, enjoy:
When Chanel launched their
Now Chanel have thrown a little cosmetic spanner in the works by introducing their
So, if you have been sitting on the fence as to whether or not to take the plunge with
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Foundation
That has a small, light plastic bottle and is simply one of the best makeup products I have ever found for the constant traveller. And, let’s face it, it doesn’t look half bad either – perhaps not so “lalala-lala ooh I’m in Paris and there’s sunlight streaming through my five-million-Euro apartment” as
And so on to application and texture; more important by far than packaging and appearance, though the packaging is the first thing you see and feel, so naturally a good place to start.
When it comes to shades I’m rather at a loss; I’m afraid I don’t have access to all of the Velvet shades to do comparisons, but in the photograph above I’ve swatched (from left to right) Velvet in 20, Beiges in 20 and then Beiges in 30. You can probably see that Velvet 20 is more similar to Beiges 30 than 20; Beiges 20 is far, far lighter than Velvet 20. Rather than launch into some crazy diatribe about shades and why they don’t match up and what this means, I’ll simply summarise by saying that if you’re in doubt, go to a counter and try. I would always recommend this anyway, with a new foundation, unless you’ve researched exhaustively online and are certain of your match.
So we know that Les Beiges (to me) feels reasonably similar to Velvet in application; light and fresh, easy and quick to blend. But how does the finish and coverage compare? In the below photos you can see a “before and after”; the before is with absolutely no makeup on, and in the after, I have Les Beiges on the left hand side of my face (as you see it) and Velvet on the right. There’s no way you can compare the two foundations at that distance, so these are just to kick things off!
I shot these in natural daylight (all of the photographs, actually) and haven’t messed with any brightness or exposure. There is really quite a lovely amount of radiance from both foundations, but if we zoom in then you might be able to make out subtle differences. (Or not. I mean, it’s almost impossible to replicate what I can see on my backlit screen, zoomed right in, so to a certain extent you’ll just have to trust my hours of obsessive research!)
I think that Les Beiges (on the left side, remember) definitely has a tiny bit more “glow” than the almost-matte Velvet. Velvet is near-magical in the way it manages to be smooth and matte but still incredibly radiant; Les Beiges does the radiance thing but with an obvious surface sheen rather than that hidden kind of “glow from within”. Which on the one hand is great and it looks incredibly –
The youthful effect of the glow probably balances that out on many faces, but I would want to give it a good test at a counter if I had very large pores or fine, crepey skin with lots of lines. (I’m absolutely nit-picking, here, because
On the flip-side, the Velvet (below) offers a smoother finish which is a little better on pores but if you have areas of dryness, it’s not ideal. I don’t find that it makes my skin any drier, but if you had severely flaky parts then it wouldn’t be quite as kind as Les Beiges.
Again, you’d have to be using a magnifying glass to notice, so I’m splitting hairs. And Les Beiges (top close-up) offers a slightly more comprehensive coverage, don’t you think? Just slightly…
But as I said: splitting hairs. Both foundations are wonderful in my opinion. Easy to apply, radiant finishes and good, non-mask-like coverage. If you have oily or combination skin, my feeling would be to stick with Velvet – not because Les Beiges is rich or in any way greasy, but because Velvet does such a good job of keeping the skin looking matte but fresh. Dry skin might not get on so well with Velvet at all, but Les Beiges offers the same fresh feel with a more comfortable texture and finish. People with skin that’s unproblematic and steady have the pick of the bunch. My skin is on the dry side at the moment and I often wear Velvet but I must admit that Les Beiges feels like more of a treat. Choices, choices…
Browse more face base reviews….
More foundation reviews coming your way – if you want the same kind of “lit from within” finish but lightweight and with higher coverage then stay tuned for the YSL
Chanel Perfection Lumiere Velvet is £33
I felt it would be remiss of me to go through another week without writing about the new
As you can see from the photograph above, I took the opportunity to use some of the objects from my dolls house to “bring the products to life”, but I’m not quite sure that even the very best cocktail shaker could make a decent tipple from milk, Evian, Pepsi, San Pellegrino and a dodgy-looking bottle of red wine. Sorry, it’s a very random photo, but I’ve been desperate to put some of my miniatures into a still life for ages, so. There you go.
I’d say that Lancome’s Juicy Shakers are most definitely beauty things that you
There are thirteen shades in the shaker line-up as well as a limited edition in minty blue. My favourite is
I think I lost the plot a bit in this video: I start talking about the love I have for my tumble dryer. More specifically, the love I have for emptying out the water drawer (it’s a condenser dryer) and removing the fluff from the fluff-catcher. I get a sort of calm satisfaction from doing it, but at the same time a small thrill. Is that weird?
Browse all the monthly favourite videos…
Anyway, there’s plenty of beauty going on for those who don’t get turned on by electrical appliances and there’s some non-beauty too, including an incredibly cute baby anorak from H&M with all-over bird print and a sporty mesh lining. If they did it in an adult size I’d be wearing it every day. As it stands, they don’t, so I’m living vicariously through my baby, who has also been wearing little gold shoes that I’d
Here we go – try not to get distracted by my HUGE false lashes:

My monthly hormones have returned from their extended pregnancy/breastfeeding hiatus and are attacking my poor skin with extra enthusiasm. Sore-feeling spots that brew just beneath the surface and an oily t-zone, but at the same time I have a bit of sensitivity and a tendency towards redness that means I have to treat my face with kid gloves. So to speak.
Here are the products I’ve been relying on to placate my angry, temperamental skin – this isn’t so much of a “routine” as a few supplementary skincare things that I’ve been swapping in as an emergency measure. I’ve used all of them (apart from the
Clinique’s
The
A while ago I raved about the
Gentle clay masks for PMT skin…
You can find them for £17.50 at Marks and Spencer
The last weapon in my current anti-PMT-skin arsenal:
Soothing Moisturisers for Sensitive Faces…
It’s a bit of a powerhouse concentrate, leaving the skin plumper and brighter without the potential risk of causing breakouts. I also find it to be reasonably gentle – not too tingly – which is important for me when I’m trying to keep my skin on an even keel. You can find Liquid Laser at Cult Beauty
A combination of raging PMT and the four day Easter break has rendered me completely useless in the writing department; I’ve tried to draft this post seven times, now, and each version has been virtually incomprehensible.
So I’ll keep it short and sweet. I’m doing a new series of videos (
Take, for example, the classic red lipstick. I usually wear my red lipstick with a slightly heavier foundation and for some reason, the red always makes my skin look really pale. So in this first
I hope you like it – I’ll be following this video with other classic makeup finds, but if you have any requests or suggestions then please let me know. The idea is that the products used in the looks are the sort of thing you’ll have lying about already and that you’ll be inspired to have a muck about with your makeup and create something new. (You might not have a “bronzing base” like the one I’ve used below, but obviously swap it for a cream bronzer, liquid bronzer or non-shimmery powder bronzer if that’s what you have. Everything is “swappable”!)
I found a suitcase filled with pants and socks! As you do. There seems to be a neverending conveyor belt of boxes and cases that were stowed away in the storage container when we were having the house rebuilt; I thought I’d unpacked them all, but obviously not. Anyway, most of the socks and pants looked old and bobbly (loads had holes chewed in them, thanks to Dexter the Dog’s penchant for knicker-stealing) and went straight into the fabric recycling bag, but that’s not what struck me as I unzipped the suitcase.
No, what struck me was the
Some other deliciously figgy scents…
And – oh – how glad I am that I did. The silk-paper-wrapped soap is now housed in my lingerie drawer and a year in storage has not even remotely dulled its scent. It is warm and seductive, figgy and fruity and it’s colourful and heady and absolutely uplifting. You can find the individually wrapped travel soaps on

Those who have mastered the application of false eyelashes need not read on; they will find this post faintly ridiculous. Those who would rather rewire all of the electrics in their house wearing a blindfold and oven gloves than attempt to spread rubbery glue along the edge of a flimsy band with an approximate thickness of 0.00001mm and try to stick it on their eyelids without gluing their lids together, their lashes together or scratching their retina: I have a treat for you.
Ardell’s
Let’s ignore the fact, for a minute, that I am in no way a lover of overdone lashes; they look absurd, especially when the wearer lowers their eyes and you see the full scale of the untruth. A block of black, wispy fibres perched unnaturally on the edge of the lid like a plastic eye-pelmet. But do I want the
I do very much like the way that they transform the eyes with little in the way of effort. Here’s my before and after:
I mean, it’s definitely a “look” and not one I’d wear to nip down to Tesco, but for drawing attention to the eyes, opening them and making them look brighter and more awake? Marvellous.
The best thing about this discovery is that I feel slightly more confident about applying lashes with glue. I haven’t gone there just yet (my last attempt ended in disaster a few years ago and I am still haunted by all of the occupational-hazard-horrors that frequently used to happen to me in the makeup chair) but I’m working up to it. In the meantime, I’m sticking (geddit?) to Ardell.
You can find the Ardell lashes online
Usually I’m happiest with my makeup when I haven’t thought too much about it. It’s total sod’s law, but my looks seem to always turn out much better when I don’t video them! I think it might actually be because when I’m filming I use a small compact mirror – and that’s only every now and then when I need to check that I don’t have huge patches of foundation missing or lipstick on my teeth – and the rest of the time I sort of
Anyway, I was very happy with my face for the Marc Jacobs lipstick shots, so here’s what I had on. Apart from the MJ lipstick in
I really need to do a mascara post – I’ve tried so many good ones recently – but it’s

I have a new series of beauty videos running at The Telegraph; the
So I often do a complete “restart” when it comes to makeup application – make sure my foundation is the right shade, organise my brushes, pay a bit more attention when I’m sitting down to do my face… This

Well these are a sight for sore eyes, aren’t they? I can’t get enough of the packaging for the Marc Jacobs
The lid and base are magnetised, which is quite pleasing – it feels reassuringly expensive when they click into place – but the packaging is all still relatively lightweight and (can’t believe I’m about to use this word)
I have two shades,
For those who
It’s pretty pale, but somehow still quite easy to wear. Perhaps because it has a bit of a sheen and juiciness to the finish. It’s not like wearing a concealer shade, so you don’t need to ramp it up with a crazy smokey eye and false lashes and all of that jazz, but it’s light enough to give a beautiful neutral-toned look to the face.
The “gel” texture is interesting; a sleek sheen that’s almost glossy but has no tackiness and a comfortable, hydrating feel. It’s not as light and fresh as I was expecting (for some reason I had it in my head that there would be a cooling effect!) but my lips are on the dry side, so it’s actually a relief that it feels more nourishing.
You can find the whole Marc Jacobs makeup range at
When I went to write this comparison post I realised that the Bourjois
Anyway, I wanted to compare the new Bourjois City Radiance foundation to the older favourite, Healthy Mix Serum Gel Foundation. City Radiance is in a tube, calls itself a “skin protecting foundation” with “brightening effect” and has an SPF30. Healthy Mix says “instant blending gel, flawless complexion, undetectable coverage” on the back of the pump-action bottle and “16h radiance-boosting” on the front – the two foundations are after pretty much the same thing. Glowing skin. Though it does seem that the
Things didn’t get off to a great start for little new-tube City Radiance, because though I have my perfect colour match in the Healthy Mix (52, Vanille) I really couldn’t find my ideal partner in City Radiance. I swatched 1, 2 and 3 and decided that 2 was the best match, but you can see in the (absolutely
I only have it on the right-hand side of my face, in the picture – you can see that not only is the shade more than okay, there’s a real glow going on. The City Radiance is definitely brightening and I’d say that the coverage is very good, though I didn’t find it the most pleasant foundation to apply. It was ever so slightly too thick for my liking. But let’s come back to that and skip on over to the juicy, fresh-feel Healthy Mix Serum and its lightweight gel formula – I’ve applied this to the left-hand side, as you look at the photograph:
Now is it me, or does the Healthy Mix just look a bit more
(Sorry – that’s a pillow crease you can faintly see down the side of my face. Ha.) You might not be able to see any difference at all, but zooming in on the computer I can tell you that the Healthy Mix does look just a bit more natural whereas the City Radiance is slightly flat – the skin has less of its natural variation and character left, probably because the coverage is slightly heavier.
City Radiance reminds me a bit of a CC Cream, though I realise that CC Creams come in many textures and variations; it has a slight
For me, the older classic beats the new launch. City Radiance has a different lean, as I noted before – highly portable in its little tube and with the added “anti-pollution screen” and SPF 30, though I can’t imagine you’d ever apply enough of it to provide adequate protection, if you were relying solely on that. It’s still a good base, and if you want mega-glow and a more uniform look to the skin then certainly opt for this one (or the amazing
This was a find; the cream blush from the
It’s easy to apply and blend, for a start – fingertips or, if you don’t mind cross-contaminating your makeup tools with a million different products, your foundation brush. I quite like using the same brush to do primer (if I’m bothering), foundation and then cream bronzers and blushers. If I’m having a dry day and using powders then I’ll have my big powder brushes out (despite Caroline Barnes telling me off and instructing me to use more precise, smaller-headed brushes!) but on a creamier, dewier-face day the
Then there’s the tawny, sort of
It reminds me a little of the cheek shade I used in a Tom Ford video many, many years ago – it was called
You can see the cream blush in action in my latest video
The baby has started sleeping through the night.
So I’m completely shattered, but the upside of this is that I’m really starting to appreciate the true transformative powers of makeup. I’m not talking about transformative in the editorial kind of way, where dramatic makeup techniques can make you look like a totally different person, I’m talking about transformative on a much more basic level. The “starting off looking dead and ending up looking a bit more alive” level. Brightening the skin, lightening circles, widening the eyes and bringing colour to the lips. Sod the smokey eye (momentarily, at least): this is makeup for those who simply don’t want to scare the children.
Suqqu Sheer Glow: launches soon.
Disclaimer: this post is not sponsored. Links may be affiliate links. Products are press samples unless otherwise stated in video or description.
Sorry, a little late with the (gargantuan) list of Alpha-H SPF winners. This will be a little like checking for your exam results, if you remember doing that (I don’t think I bothered turning up to school for mine, I’m pretty sure I just waited for the letter to be posted, but then those years are something of a Wonderbra-clad-short-skirted-Camel-fags-behind-the-bike-shed blur).
If you’re not a winner, and you do fancy trying something from Alpha-H then there’s a nice little gift-with-purchase running: a 15ml bottle of the amazing
Boy was I a) wrong and b) missing a trick! The lightweight, ultra-hydrating Liquid Laser was actually just what my skin had been needing; yes it contains a whole cocktail of AHAs and peptides to brighten and rejuvenate the skin, but it’s a sort of mega-moisture-boosting thirst-quenching face-plumping treatment, not as exfoliation-focused as Liquid Gold. Liquid Laser really works for my post-baby skin which – if left to its own devices – feels taut and dry and papery thin
Liquid Laser does have a bit of a tingle going on, but nothing that requires you to stand in front of a desk-fan to stop your face from catching fire. (I wish I could remember who told me that their facials that were so acid-heavy that big fans had to be pointed at their face from all directions!) I can’t quite handle supersonic acid peels, these days – though I still try them now and then out of a sense of duty and masochistic curiosity – but I’m perfectly happy with a hint of a tingle. I don’t get any redness or irritation from Liquid Laser whatsoever, which is marvellous considering that it really does seem to do a complete turnaround job on my face overnight. Plump-feeling, brighter skin in the morning – rather like I’ve used one of those sleeping masks, except that the Laser sinks in immediately and doesn’t leave any goo on the pillows.
You can of course follow Liquid Laser with a moisturiser – the
Alpha-H at Cult Beauty
Now on with the winners – I’ve sort of bastardised people’s email addresses in some cases because I didn’t have their full names, so keep an eye on your inbox if you suspect you’re one of the lucky fifty. Congratulations people!
I’m really into my little Bourjois cream blush at the moment; portable, easy to apply (just use fingertips) and with a smooth, velvety finish that looks natural and low-key. It lasts really well and the colour (shade 01,
I have quite a few cream blushers in a similar peachy shade and I decided to do a little comparison post with my other current favourite, the
Straight off the bat I can tell you that the MUFE blush has more pigment than the Bourjois (I’m looking at a picture of my hand zoomed in to a ridiculous degree!) but we’re not talking a shocking amount. The extra pigment in the MUFE gives it, I think, a slightly creamier appearance on the skin, though still velvety and far from dewy or glossy. In the picture below I have applied the Bourjois
It gives a really healthy little flush. I’ve just done one “coat”, quickly buffed out with my fingertips, but it’s very easily blendable and the blush sets quite quickly so it doesn’t end up sliding about all over your face. You can probably tell from the next picture that the MUFE is a little stronger in pigment, though obviously it’s unblended:
The MUFE shade (225, see
And above, both cheeks. The gorgeous, healthy flush is virtually the same on each side, though referring to my notes that I took at the time, the MUFE was
The staying power of both is excellent – perhaps the MUFE is a smidgen longer-lasting, but only just. I think that the MUFE requires less product to get the same effect, but it’s very expensive and so if you’re looking for a budget version then the Bourjois is just brilliant. I have to say that the creamy, smooth texture of the MUFE blush has really piqued my interest in the brand – I must do some more investigating. I know that their foundations have something nearing cult status, so perhaps I’ll start there. Let me know if you have any recommendations..
Bourjois Cream Blush in 01 Nude Velvet is £7.99

I asked top makeup artist Caroline Barnes (you all know Caroline by now – if you don’t then click back to our
But I could tell, actually, that the shape of my eyebrows was starting to go off on one and I needed to get them back on track before they pulled my eyes down and made me look even more tired than I am. Which is really tired. So tired, in fact, that I couldn’t trust myself to pluck the right hairs from my face and so Caroline very kindly offered to do it for me. So here, people, is the makeup artist’s guide to doing your brows. Or rather doing

Some utterly delectable perfumes, if you’re stuck for a mother’s day present this year. The card in the background, by the way, is from
And what about the perfumes? There are full reviews coming up on some of these, but here’s a quick run-down to help you decide on the perfect scent for your mother-dearest. (My Mum’s overall favourite is Coco Mademoiselle, but she has a whole massive shelf of perfumes and wears something different all the time. I’ve never known anyone swap their perfumes around as much as her – mind you, she does about fifty clothes changes a day, so I don’t know why I’m surprised.)
Chloe’s new
Armani
Everyone (I think?) knows Chanel’s
Dolce & Gabbana’s
Browse all fragrance reviews…
It is always a pleasure to feature products from Alpha-H; their effective, problem-solving skincare has never failed to impress me. In fact one of their hero products,
Liquid Gold and the Leap of Faith…
Almost five years later and I am still a huge fan of this no-nonsense, results-driven brand. My latest Alpha-H discovery, the brilliant
The campaign has been launched to raise awareness around skin cancer and sun-induced aging. Despite the constant reminders about wearing sun protection, reapplying regularly and ensuring that enough product is used, most people still don’t use their SPF in an effective way – if they use it at all. Granted, here in the UK it is possible to go for weeks without seeing any actual sunlight, especially if you work long hours and travel in the near-darkness at either end of the day, but it’s easy to slip into the habit of not wearing any SPF and then on the days you do spend outside – even in the winter – leaving your skin completely exposed to skin-damaging rays. Michelle Doherty, founder of Alpha-H, says
“In general people are becoming more aware of the dangers of UV and realising the importance of using sun protection, however we still see plenty of people on the beach trying to gain a tan, which is alarming considering that skin cancer is the fifth most common cancer in England. Just 13% of consumers in the UK wear sunscreen on a daily basis, yet sun damage is cumulative and UV still penetrates on cloudy days. Our All About SPF campaign aims to generate awareness around daily use of SPF to prevent cumulative sun damage and skin ageing. Just one step, which only takes a few seconds, has the ability to keep you looking younger for longer – SPF is also the most cost effective anti-aging product on the market today, that’s why we are All About SPF.”
The idea that SPF is the most cost effective anti-aging product on the market is actually quite obvious, but I had never thought of it like that before. A recent study by Queensland University, one of the global leaders in skin cancer research, showed that there was absolutely no detectable skin aging after four and a half years in their 903 study participants who applied SPF30+ on a daily basis. That’s actually quite incredible – all of those expensive lotions and potions we snap up to try and reverse damage when the damage could so easily be prevented in the first place. I asked Michelle what the most frequent SPF user-errors were.
“Most people don’t put enough sunscreen on for adequate protection. Two heaped tablespoons or 40ml will cover the whole body (dependent on your body size) and a couple of pumps is sufficient for the face and neck. Not being aware of the expiry date and not knowing how to check the expiry date are also common errors.”
Michelle says that it’s important to choose the right sun care product for your needs, but recommends SPF 50+ (UVA and UVB protection, always) if you are outdoors for prolonged periods. There are two SPF 50+ products in the giveaway set; the first is the
The other product in the giveaway set is the new
Two different formulations then, which makes this set perfect for sharing, if you’re feeling in a sharing kind of mood. (I rarely am when it comes to my most-treasured beauty products, but I’ll make an exception here!)
Alpha-H are spreading a
And they are very kindly sharing their sun protection here, with FIFTY special sets to give away. Each set, worth £40, contains 30ml of the
The giveaway will be open until 12pm (GMT) on Monday the 7th March, 2016 and winners will be announced the following day. Good luck!
Something as dark and decadent as this new fragrance launch could only have come from Alexander McQueen.
Night blooming florals
Before we get into the true nitty-gritty of this evocative fragrance (in my imagination it conjures up scenes with dead-of-night Parisian alleyways and feather-cloaked murderesses and black velvet curtains) it is worth noting that
But back to those night blooming florals: what a gorgeous, dark, wordy twist on what would usually be called a
And the bottle: it’s beautifully gothic but with a modern edge. Like something a modern-day Lady Macbeth would have on her dressing table next to her bejewelled dagger and her leather-bound journal. The jet black glass, the studded lid, the intricate shawl of antiqued golden feathers around the neck of the bottle – it’s just a small work of art. Incredibly heavy in the hand with a sexy, smooth feel – a bit like holding a very weighty piece of forbidden fruit, except that the smooth glass is interrupted by the sharp little edges of the feathers.
McQueen Parfum is
McQueen Parfum is £285 online

Another
And my skin felt – I suppose the word would be –
Indulgent price, too – sixty quid. You do get a little wooden heart to scoop out the mask, but if you’re good at whittling then that won’t be too much of a draw. Ha! I jest, of course: who whittles in this day and age? I don’t know a single whittler. Mr AMR can sharpen sticks when required to (if we’re out trapping the odd woolly mammoth or staking out a new reed screen for the mouth of our cave) but I doubt he could whittle me a heart.
Anyway
If you want to browse previous mask reviews then they are all
Bamford’s Exfoliating Mask is £60 at Net-a-Porter
If there’s one makeup trend that has completely divided us beauty-obsessed people it’s the trend for drawing brown stripes on our faces and then rubbing them in as though we’re trying to remove stubborn patches of dirt. AKA “contouring”. One of the problems with this contouring business, I think, is that lots of demonstrations and tutorials happen in front of studio lights and/or are quite graphic and hard. And unless you’re the type of person who never leaves the house during daylight hours and is
I asked makeup artist supremo Caroline Barnes (you will remember her from last week’s video) to create a contour for people who don’t like to contour. Soft, realistic but still dramatic enough to sculpt and shape the face. (If you want really, really soft and natural then it’s not really contouring – you could use a slightly darker face powder or very pale bronzer to create a shadow but we’re probably moving out of the realms of the “contour” then. Which is fine. I have to say I think I’m happiest with the softly-softly touch-of-sculpt!)
Caroline uses the brilliant gel sculpt from Illamasqua (

I filmed this video before I discovered the Soap & Glory
But anyway; my five top /affordable budget makeup finds for getting beautifully glowing skin. I should really do another one with skincare finds, because the glow really starts with the quality of the skin – anything on top is just the icing on the cake. Frosting, if you like. (If I was pushed for my top (reasonably affordable) skincare buy for glowing skin at this
The five top makeup products are listed further down the page, but please do watch the video to see them all in action…

Oh! A subtle, sheeny, non-snail-trail kind of highlighting stick that won’t cost you the earth? Here you go:
Soap & Glory’s cheek stick is your easy “bang it on and go” sort of product – it glides easily over cheekbones, cupid’s bow, eyelids, bridge of the nose and takes seconds to blend out with your fingertips. It slides beautifully but isn’t greasy and it sets quickly without disturbing the makeup beneath it.
Can you see the spotlights of gleam on my cupid’s bow and the bridge of my nose? The cheekbones are slightly harder to see, but there’s a beautiful underlying glow, I think, without any harsh reflections. I like the way that highlighting the “high” parts of my face has given natural contour to the cheeks and temples without having to use any extra product. (Though I’m jumping between cheek looks at the moment; using blush for a fresher face most days, thanks to
Soap & Glory’s
*UPDATE: annoyingly, I have a budget glowing makeup video about to go live, but I filmed it before I discovered the Soap & Glory stick. So that’s why it’s not included, in case you wonder!
Last week I had the pleasure of spending the day filming videos with mega-makeup artist extraordinaire,
Products Used:

Recently I wrote about my new healthy eating tips, or rules, that were part of my general diet overhaul. After a rather extended “babymoon”, in which I had been eating incredibly naughty things with the excuse that I
And I realised that where I was most frequently falling down was with my snacking. I have an incredibly low tolerance level when it comes to hunger pangs and within ten minutes of feeling hungry will be tearing through the cupboards looking for the quickest fix. Pre-baby, I would put together a salad, maybe open a tin of sardines, toast a pitta bread to put them on, that kind of thing; but now that I have my bonny little companion on one hip I tend to make panicked choices and go for things like (more often than not) choc-chip cereal bars. So the biggest part of my diet overhaul has been to address the snacking situation and make sure I have things to hand that are portable and that don’t require any preparation or need to be refrigerated.
And of all the old staples I’ve bought back in and new snacks I’ve discovered, I think that almonds have been my most successful addition. I’ve been keeping helpings of them (one portion is about 28g) to hand so that whenever I get the urge to sniff out bad things I can munch on my almonds instead.
I thought that my snack swap would be really difficult, but actually, it’s been a breeze. Helped by the fact that I really like the taste of almonds, I suppose. There are loads of very tempting ways to jazz them up if you don’t want to eat them unadulterated but I haven’t even felt the need to do that yet! (Though probably by the time you read this post I’ll have done these
It’s a bit of a no-brainer, swapping sugary cereal bars for handfuls of almonds, I know; I’ve just been doing a bit of Google research and the nutritional benefits are almost polar opposite! A portion of almonds has around 14% of your daily dietary fibre*, 10% of your calcium and is low in sugar (about a gram). My favourite type of cereal bar (I won’t embarrass myself by telling you exactly what it is!) is about the same weight as a serving of almonds and has 8g of sugar and 0.7g of fibre as well as nearly three times the amount of saturated fat. Oops.
And on a beauty level, almonds are packed with vitamin E – one portion has a whopping 60% of the recommended intake – as well as being a source of protein and zinc, essential for skin health. I’m beginning to see why so many beauty brands have skincare ranges marketed on almonds’ skin benefits – though I’d hazard a guess that consuming almonds is going to be a bit more effective than applying a cream that contains a very minimal, been-through-the-mill extract of them. (Or, in some cases, an artificial version of the fragrance, aka no benefit whatsoever. Though my Mum has always used sweet almond oil as a body treatment and has the skin of a baby, so that’s always a good – and inexpensive – one to look out for.)
It makes absolute sense that if you’re into your skin and hair products you take care of yourself from the inside too. In fact, it’s so much more important, though never quite so glamorous-feeling or swankily-packaged! I’m making a real effort at the moment to make good food choices and incorporate all of the right nutrients and vitamins into my diet, especially with my skin being slightly drier since having a baby and my hair trying to generally disassociate itself from my head. Swapping my bad snacks for almonds is – I think – probably the easiest and best change I’ve made so far!
If you’d like more information on almond snacking then there are loads of tips and recipes for jazzed-up-almonds at
*The nutritional information provided is all based on Recommended Daily Allowance (RDA’s) set by the EU. This post has been sponsored by the Almond Board of California.
I’ve been really procrastinating over this skincare post: on the one hand, the
Luckily this does. It’s the bounciest, plumpiest cleanser I’ve ever used. Think OSKIA Renaissance Cleanser and multiply the cushiony feeling by ten. It has the cleansing abilities of an oil, the freshness of a gel, the comfort of a cream and the massageability (not a word but I’m taking it) of a balm. It is, I think, the cleansing balm for those who don’t like the oily feel of a balm – it’s cooler and smoother but whereas you’d think it would be lighter in texture than a balm, it feels incredibly dense and robust.
I just find it a total joy to use; there’s no tightness after removal (since my skin has been drier I get a little bit of tightness even after using a lush, oily balm like Emma Hardie’s!) and there’s no overpowering smell, just a faint sea-like scent. The Hydra Melting Cleanser is slippery enough to withstand whole minutes of massage yet rinses away easily – handy if you find yourself without a washcloth. (It happens. Especially when you have a dog who likes to run off with any scrap of fabric he can find – knickers, socks, flannels, muslin baby cloths…)
Omorovicza say that the Mallow flower in the cleanser helps to hydrate and reduce inflammation and that the sage, geranium and chamomile have an astringent and antiseptic effect. It certainly feels comforting and soothing – it’s a gorgeous gel-balm for dry skin but equally perfect for an oilier complexion with its effective cleansing abilities and non-stripping, easily-rinsed formula.
Nobody
Omorovicza Hydra Melting Cleanser is £65 online
*UPDATE: Omorovicza are offering readers 20% off any purchase at
A slick of luxurious tinted balm on the lips seems to be my makeup “thing” at the moment. Perhaps because I look a bit tired and washed out
I like the juicy, plumping effect of a tinted balm; not quite the optical illusion of lip fullness that a good gloss can give, but definitely more pillowy than a velvet finish lipstick. Or – God forbid, if you’re after a cheeky bit of faked volume – a pigment-fuelled matte.
Laura Mercier’s Lip Parfait in
Just a hint of sheen, an evenness to the tone and a juicy, moisturising texture. This kind of product is never going to be the kingpin in a makeup look – it’s more of a background player – but it is sophisticated and foolproof. If you’re looking for a bit more colour but the same kind of hydrating, plumptious texture then take a look at the By Terry
Laura Mercier’s Lip Parfait in Rive Gauche is £19.50 at
Now this is an exciting launch: Armani’s
And actually, in the sea of velvety-finish foundations I’ve been testing, most offering a “lit from within” sort of radiance rather than anything overtly shimmery or dewy, it
New Flawless Foundations – Which One’s Right For You
I think that Maestro Glow feels amazing. Those who normally shy away from this type of lightweight, liquid foundation because they cling to flaky patches or do nothing to alleviate the feeling of skin dryness or tightness will love it. It’s absolutely liquid and weightless but seems to develop more and more viscosity as it is blended into the skin. Light as a feather going on, rich and nourishing once it has settled in. Here are my “before and after” photographs so that you can take a look at coverage and finish:
Apart from the obvious warmth that Maestro Glow gives to my skin (I used shade 4, read below for more on that) you can see that it has done a fairly decent job in terms of coverage. My bits of redness have disappeared, dark circles slightly alleviated. It’s not a heavy coverage by any stretch of the imagination, but minor niggles are taken care of. The “glow” aspect is fresh and natural – not anything near the same mega-wattage level as something like
I haven’t seen the full shade line-up, so I’m not actually sure of my exact match, but 4 seems to be quite good on me. Mr AMR thought I looked a little pale, but I’d be hesitant to go any darker – this is how 4 looks unblended on my skin:
I might try and get to the Armani counter when I’m next in town and have a play with the different shades. If I do then I’ll update you here. This is most definitely a keeper, for me; it’s quick and easy to apply and gives just enough coverage. I really do like the water-free, oil-only formula – I’m finishing editing this post a full nine hours after applying the foundation (it’s about the fifth or sixth time I’ve worn it for a full day) and my face still feels in pretty good shape. Hydrated and somehow more youthful than it does when I wear a more velvety finish foundation. I’d steer clear of this if you have an oil problem, obviously, because this would slide like a demon, but if you constantly feel dried-out by your face base and want something comfortable and juicy, go and give it a try. It’s very different.
You can find the new Armani Maestro Glow foundation online now, it’s £40 at FeelUnique
I was going to do a written post on my postpartum hair loss, but actually you can see the sparse patches better on video, so a video it is. I’m thoughtful that way.
And look I
I’ve just outlined a few little changes that I’ve made to my haircare regime (some are very practical, like not tying my hair up so much) and the products I’m relying on to give my roots a bit of a boost and my ends a bit of a moisture treat. All of the products are listed below the video screen – if you have any tips, or just want to tell other people about your own experience then please do leave a comment.
I’ll be back with a second video once I’ve tried out some miraculous hair-growth products. Any suggestions for things that actually work?
It’s possible I’m having something of a rekindled love affair with highlighters at the moment: pearlescent powders, cream illuminators, even obvious shimmers – anything, quite honestly, that will add some much-needed glow to my knackered face. I had forgotten how much of a lift a little spotlight here and there can give; done subtly and (relatively) well, it can make the face look fuller and youthful as well as brighter and more awake.
I use the Face Blender Brush to lightly “whisk” this highlighter over the tops of my cheekbones, and the very gentle flush you can see on my face in the top photograph is that beautiful hint of pinkish warmth coming through. It’s a nice one to counterbalance your contour powder, if you are using quite a dull, flat brown – it adds back some health and glow, but in an incredibly low-key way. (On contouring: I’m doing a bit of a contour experiment at the moment. I’ve got a theory. It will interest many people but outrage some others – OUTRAGE! Watch this space..)
You can find Bobbi Brown’s
After mentally compiling a “best of 2015” list but then completely forgetting to actually write up a post, I thought that I might work my way through and do some standalone reviews. At any rate, the
If you’re a fan of the
Read about the best nude makeup products…
For me, Nude Mauve is just one of those shades that you can’t go far wrong with. The hint of mauve stops it from being too flat and adds the tiniest bit of outdoorsy flush, but if you want to use the powder strictly to sculpt (in a low-key way) then the warmth doesn’t interfere. Here I’ve used it beneath the cheekbones (Bobbi Brown’s
And you can (hopefully) see that the wash of colour is just gorgeously nude and understated. If you like to look polished rather than obviously “done up” then it’s a great little blush/bronzer to have in your bag.
Equally, if you’ve been lusting after the Hourglass Ambient Lighting Blushers in the pinkier/coral tones then you could do a lot worse than to check out
Max Factor Creme Puff Blush in Nude Mauve is £8.99 from

For regular readers, this video is just something a bit extra; I’ll be doing far more in-depth reviews of the foundations shown on the video here on the website. You know how I like to keep you all in the Youtube loop!
See all recent videos…
There are quite a few new foundations launching at the moment (aren’t there always) and as there are usually lots of questions that pop up I thought I’d do a little overview with my notes on things like foundation texture and coverage. There’s a great upcoming launch from Armani, the Bi-Phase Oil

I’m starting the new week with an incredibly decadent giveaway for you. Do you remember my summer love affair with the
Christophe Robin’s Regenerating Collection has, at its core, the
I tried this mask in the summer and it was incredibly powerful – I rather overdid it, I think, because you only need the tiniest amount. It’s a total hair treatment – you massage in from roots right down to the tips so that the scalp is stimulated as well as the lengths being cared for. But the result is stronger, healthier-feeling hair – it’s the perfect kind of mask to use when you’re having a long beauty session in the bath. I collect disposable shower caps from hotels for precisely this type of event; I squeeze all the water from my freshly-washed hair, apply a mask and wind my hair up on to the top of my head before putting on the cap. It stops my hair from going into the water when I relax back into the bath.
Where was I? The
I have five sets of this gorgeous
To be in with the chance of winning, leave a comment below, making sure that you enter your email address into the form where prompted. (This won’t be visible to anyone else.) If you’re feeling generous then you can share this post, tweet about it or
I’m just trying my luck. Ha.
One entry per person, this
If you’re intent on overhauling your beauty cabinet this January then now is the time: Clinique have a gorgeous gift available at their Covent Garden store, available with the purchase of two or more Clinique products*. The gift includes a mini of one of my favourite shades in the
I find beauty miniatures irresistible (as you would find out if you ever poked about in my office drawers, which are full to the
I loved being able to discover new products and – as an incorrigible beauty addict – I liked the excuse to treat myself to a couple of things knowing that I was getting even
So bright and cheerful for these dismal winter days. The formula is rich and buttery and feels comforting on crackled weather-beaten lips, but the colour is vibrant and bold. Just gorgeous.
And the
This gift is exclusive to the Covent Garden Store until the 30th January 2016 – free with the purchase of two or more Clinique products* – and if you’re stocking up and happen to buy a third product, you get a free FULL SIZE
You can find the Clinique Covent Garden Store on the East Piazza. If you don’t live in or near London and can’t get to Covent Garden then please do check the Clinique website for online offers. You can find that
*one to be skincare or foundation.
By Terry
Shade 2 “
No problems with “Innocent Kiss” (apart from the rather strong soapy taste); it’s more peach sorbet than peachy-cream, sheer enough to be flattering on pretty much any skintone, I would have thought. The formula is incredibly hydrating, as you’d expect from the name, and I do actually see something of a plumping effect, which is a bonus. So many lip things are labelled “plumping” and do nothing – there’s a cushiony appearance to my lips when I use the Hydra-Balm. Whether from the hyaluronic acid or simply the sheen making things look fuller I’m not sure, but the effect is definitely there.
It is, however, a pricey little number. I lust after many things from By Terry – the foundations I have always found to be exceptional – but they are very firmly in the “life’s luxuries” category. I have about a dozen friends and friends-of-friends who will never forgive me for getting them hooked on
The Hyaluronic Sheer Nude Hydra-Balm Lipstick is £26 at
More lipstick posts here…
Oh, I know we’re still in the depths of winter (for people in the UK winter seems to have actually only just started) but there’s nothing wrong with a bit of optimistic, forward-looking makeup wearing. Dior’s 2016 Spring Look –
I’m having a bit of a renewed interest when it comes to highlighters, which I’ll talk about later on in the week, but suffice to say, for now, that the Nude Air from Dior is a gorgeous example. “
Dior did well with the whole design of these Nude powders – I remember when the very first variation launched, it was beauty love at first sight. Heavy, luxurious compacts with good mirrors and easy-to-blend powders with subtle, glowing finishes. I have a selection of the bronzers and complexion enhancers and they’re all pretty foolproof to use. This highlighter is just as user-friendly – not too shimmery at all and doesn’t look frosty, though I would probably not bother using the kabuki brush it comes with, cute as it is, if you want a believable application. You can find the Glowing Nude Air
It’s definitely my pick of the collection, along with the absolutely
I have mixed feelings about the
I think you’ll agree that the below “before and after” photographs are pretty epic: no light or computer trickery has been used. (I don’t
I mentioned the
Easy to blend (though don’t be lulled into a false sense of security by the light texture, you do need to blend!) and weightless on the skin, it seems to be able to blur out even quite noticeable imperfections without looking or feeling heavy. It has the effect of a medium coverage foundation,but the “blurring” does most of the work, not the pigment. Behold the before picture:
Noticeable blemishes on the forehead and a couple on the cheeks, though they’re not true spots, more ones that are brewing under the surface (oh
I kid you not when I say that this is
Blimey.
What do you think? My only gripe is that it only comes in two shades – both of which just
The key ingredient here (I’ve never heard of this before) is Aircilium, which can absorb up to three times its own weight in oil. It forms a supple, breathable film over the skin that leaves a really smooth surface and helps to keep the skin shine-free throughout the day. This makes the BB Blur a great one for oily teen skin (far better than plastering on a heavy base) or anyone who wants a rather radiant, matte/velvet-finish that won’t need powdering throughout the day.
La Roche-Posay’s BB Blur is exclusive to
*Update: a guide to the shades, by popular request. From left to right, below, we have Chanel’s Perfection Lumiere Velvet in shade 20 (my most-used base), then the Effaclar BB in Fair/Light and finally in Light/Medium. You can tell that the Effaclar shades are
Starting off the new week with a skincare video; here’s a roundup of the beauty products I’ve been slathering on my face in an attempt to beat the dreaded “winter dryness”. I think my horrifically dry and tight skin has been more down to being ill rather than the weather, because until very recently it hasn’t been too cold at all, but the symptoms have been much the same. A stretched, flaky forehead, general dehydration and sensitive, red skin around my nose and on my chin.
Read about more products for dry skin…
There’s a good mix of different brands and budgets here – completely by fluke, I should say! – also the Darphin cream (reviewed last week
Right you are, let’s get on with the show, shall we? I must get around to reviewing a lot of these dry skin products separately, so make sure you give me a nudge in the comments if there’s something you specifically want to hear more about. Enjoy…
NB: I’m not recommending the micellar as a cleanser for dry skin, it’s just something I’ve been using as I’ve been ill!
*I previously thought that the Zelens cream was reduced but it was cheaper at full RRP at SpaceNK – apologies for any inconvenience there!
Superfacialist Pro-Biotic Micellar Water:
I must apologise for my prolonged absence; I’m currently on Day 12 of a horrible cold-cough-throat virus thing that I’m finding hard to shift, and I have, until today, been stuck in bed. But I’m back, albeit mentally limping, and I have a wonderful giveaway for you to kick off the new year. (I know, I’m late to the party with the new year thing…)
Detox
You may already be familiar with the
The Fizzy Wash is a quick and easy way to brighten up dull skin – for me, it’s the perfect morning wash because it cleanses efficiently but also smooths and preps the skin ready for the rest of your beauty routine. The fizziness (you pour a little powder into your hand and add water to form a fizzy paste) also appeals to me greatly, in a “Berocca-for-your-Face” kind of way. I also love the word “fizzy”, there’s something fun and almost childish about it, but I suppose that’s by-the-by…
As you’ll know, unless you’ve been hiding from me (don’t blame you, to be honest, I do tend to harp on a bit), my skin has been a bit dry and tight and sensitive since pregnancy. There are a lot of products that I’ve had to temporarily shelve because they are just on the wrong side of “tingle” or they leave my face too tight. Not so with the NUDE
I have FIFTEEN bottles of this delectable
You can find the
I wanted to give this sumptuous, buttery face moisturiser a bit more of a try before writing a full review, but I’ve noticed that it has a third off at
The
Rich doesn’t even begin to cover this cream – it has, as the name of it suggests, all of the benefits of an oil, but in a cream formula. Which would be better described as a butter really, because it’s very firm-textured and not one of those flimsy, whipped affairs. Not the kind of cream that you’d scoop out a blob of, more a balm or salve that you apply sparingly, bit by bit. Of course you
More products for dry skin…
After a massive run of using completely unfragranced face products, I am actually rather enjoying the strong scent of the essential oils in the
More moisturiser reviews…
And the effects of the
If you want to slather a thick cream on all over with gay abandon then this, perhaps, is not the one for you; if you fancy a bit of a special (fragrant) face treat that deserves a press and a massage when it comes to application then you’ll love it. I hate to use this particular phrase, but it’s sort of for the person who likes their
It’s usually £65 but at the moment
Strange coincidences aplenty this week, one of them being that I needed an extra “something that smells of violets” for a post and along came – well – something that smells of violets. I have this odd habit, when it comes to compiling blog posts, that I can’t just ever think about a singular product; I have to find similar things, alternative versions, products that are (sometimes quite tenuously!) linked by virtue of scent, ingredients, effects or even the colour of the packaging. I think that this habit is an annoying hangover from my university days when I was continually encouraged to
So yes, I was looking for an extra “thing” that was violet-scented for a post – a post that will likely never see the light of day, because I’m quite useless like that, lots of thinking and not much doing* – and what popped through the letterbox? The new
Orris & Sandalwood, then. A floral, but not as we know it. Sweet, sugary violets to start with (Parma Violets, yes please) and then the Orris, which I had never heard of before but is the root of the Iris plant. The “tasting notes” describe the Orris as having a “unique duality”: both “woody and powdery, floral and deep”. That just about sums up this fragrance nicely, for me; along with the Sandalwood, which I always find to be a beautifully soft and gentle kind of wood, reminiscent of long summer evenings somewhere hot, the Orris is just superbly sultry and come-hither. Warm and enveloping without being overpowering or “talcum-powdery” and then these gorgeous flashes of sweet violet spiking through when you least expect them to.
If you like your florals non-girly and warm then this, scent-hunters, is for you. The notes recommend to layer with
You can find the new
Read more fragrance reviews here…
*by the way, just in case the aforementioned post never materialises and you’re a Violet-Lover, the other products were the
**the paper in the background of the photograph is Cole & Son Hicks Hexagon in Gold/Taupe, find it
The last favourites video of the year. I’m actually thinking of changing things up a bit for 2016 and introducing a new video to replace the favourites, but wanted to get your opinion first. Do you like monthly favourites posts? I sometimes think that they just end up being a round-up of the things I’ve posted about here on the website – or, even worse, a random bunch of stuff that is only “favourite” because it happens to be better than anything else that I’ve tested!
I think that “favourites” should be just that – things that have really wowed or that are particularly groundbreaking or interesting. And some months, there just…aren’t that many things. Or the few things that are really brilliant end up on every. Single. Favourites. Video. In. The. World.
You can watch ALL of my Monthly Favourites videos here…
So let me know what you think. I could change things up a bit so that my favourites included homeware, fashion, books and food, if you fancy that? Sort of a “Ruth’s Top Things” video? What do you reckon? Or I could completely replace the favourites video with my new beauty idea. Which I can’t tell you about yet because I haven’t thought it through properly.
I suppose what I’m trying to say, through my crazy Mint-Choc-Magnum-induced sugar-rush-fug, is: are you bored of Monthly Favourites or dearly attached to them? Answers on a postcard please. (Comments section.)
Anyway
Last week I bought you a little edit of things non-kittenish, this week I present: FULL-ON KITTEN. And owls. And pretty floral prints. Let’s start with Paul & Joe, shall we? They have something of a penchant for featuring cats in their makeup range and this season’s collection is no different. Girl in cat mask, tick. Little slips of pressed-eyeshadow papers, decorated with cats? Cat eye pencil? Tick. Cats cats cats. You can find this set, which includes a makeup bag, lip balm, cheek colour, eye pencil and eyeshadow sheets, at ASOS
From cats to gorgeous printed packaging. We have Pai’s Rosehip Oil encased in a decorated carton, £22
Ding! Your wish has been granted. How lovely is the Kaffe Fassett design on the lotion bottle? This body lotion smells amazing, very heady and with a long-lasting scent, and the formula is nicely rich and hydrating. It’s £12
Oh, I nearly forgot: owls.
I love everything about this sweet little Paul & Joe eyeshadow; the cardboard box that looks as though it should contain old buttons or spare bits of thread, the pretty owl motif and the swirl of impossibly flattering makeup inside. I
I’ve just given myself at least two extra tasks to do when I’m supposed to be “on holiday”, but I’d rather be clarting about with eyeshadow than hoovering the house, so I’m not exactly complaining….
Can we just have a very brief chat about
Has anyone tried any products from TONYMOLY? I’m particularly intrigued by the
I’ll be back with updates on the bits and pieces in the photo – until then, you can find them at Cult Beauty
Blimey, I desperately needed a break from talking about Christmas and Christmassy things! Can someone please remind me, next year, to keep my Gift Guides neatly contained within a single week – perhaps the last week of November? – and not a single utterance of the words “gift”, “festive” or “stocking filler” thereafter? Thank you.
And moving swiftly on to skincare: some bits and pieces that have really impressed me over the past month or so. A few serums, the world’s best lip balm (possibly) and a couple of new or yet-to-be-released face bases. Which, strictly speaking, are makeup products but the
Watch the video to hear all about my latest finds – I’ll be doing more in-depth reviews here on
The link for the video is
Oh, this little mask is all kinds of wonderful. I haven’t been getting much sleep recently (have I mentioned that? Oh, at least fifteen thousand times. Sorry) and my skin has been a bit dry and crappy and – I don’t know – kind of
The
The idea behind the Nourishing Sleep Mask is that it “seals” in the products that you apply first – so serum and moisturiser, or serum and oil, or serum, oil, moisturiser if you’re going bat-sh*t-crazy with all of your skincare that night. Personally, I think that this works really well over serum, but it doesn’t feel too much at all if you want to do serum and moisturiser. That’s the lovely thing about it – it’s very hydrating, but nice and lightweight. It’s not like sleeping in lard. Neither is it so light and “fresh” that it simply disappears; it definitely forms a nice, non-sticky, non-greasy topcoat.
You can also use the
This Pixi mask is definitely a winner in the Overnight Masks category – more than just a “moisturiser you leave on”, it feels as though it has a specific function and one that it does very well. It’s a bit like when you stick on a disposable shower cap over your hair masque (try it, it’s excellent for fixing dry ends); it locks everything in and gets it all working that bit harder. As an in-flight mask, this would be brilliant; for anyone who is tired, going to too many parties or simply seeing the effects of the central-heating-inside-cold-air-outside situation it’s a beauty lifesaver.
And not one that will break the bank, either – £18 at
**UPDATE: this GWP sold out within the day, apparently – so I’m updating this page so that you can avoid disappointment!** I wasn’t going to do any more posts this year on Gifts-with-Purchases but I just love this one from Harvey Nichols: it’s mammoth. It’s as though someone on the beauty team got completely overexcited about the whole idea and decided to put in every sample they could get their hands on. I’ve copied the full list of products at the bottom of this post for your perusal but there’s just the most brilliant mix of skincare, bodycare and makeup.
And the bag itself is lovely – roomy, smart-looking and with a classic, Aspinal-like feel. It’s quite masculine, in a way, and (dare I say this?) you could probably get away with giving this is a Christmas present, with a few choice grooming products stashed away inside. That’s if you can bear to part with it…
The
Harvey Nichols Beauty
Are you prepared for the contents list? You may want to sit down…
I’m a long-term fan of Pai’s
Gentle, but not in a sappy and useless way; the cream is rich in powerful forms of Omega 3 & 6 to keep the delicate skin around the eyes feeling soft and looking plump and fresh. Alcohol free, sensible packaging and a completely transparent list of ingredients, which you can find right
Pai are offering readers of
…which include travel sizes of the calming or balancing skincare routine, and then a
Every order of £45 or over will receive a free eye cream and this offer will run from now until midnight on the 9th December. The code you need to use is
Pai.com
Finally, glittery nail polishes I can actually wear! I usually shun glitter because taking it off is one of the worst, most thankless beauty tasks ever invented. I would honestly rather go to the dentist than remove glitter polish. I’d rather wash up the trays and shelves from inside the oven, and we all know what a crap job that is.
Anyway, back to my point: glitter polishes that don’t make me want to pull out my eyeballs with a pair of hot tweezers when it comes to removal time. And I am so, so glad that they are from one of my all-time favourite nail brands,
There are fifteen new glitter polishes from KURE – I have
The peel-off base coat worked stupendously. It didn’t peel off until I wanted it to, so it’s not like one of those kid’s “play polishes”, but when it was time to take off the glitter it was easy (and very satisfying) to remove. I treated my nails to a bit of an oil massage afterwards, because I felt I deserved it seeing as though I’d just saved myself about fifty minutes of hard beauty labour.
You can find most of the KURE polishes at Fortnum & Mason
I realised last week that I didn’t ever properly finish my round-up of the best pregnancy and new-Mum beauty products. I did some quite extensive testing of various stretch-mark oils and creams and the results can be found
But the Neal’s Yard Remedies
My pregnancy posts on The Uphill…
The products in the
The
Right. I’ve been testing out this little smokey eye technique over and over again to make sure that it is absolutely fool-proof. And I’m pretty sure that it is – quick, easy and doesn’t require a load of different products. All you need is some soft eyeliner and one little makeup brush and the perfect smokey eye look from your wildest dreams will be yours. There may be similar brushes to the
Here’s the brush: it’s the
And here’s what I do with it. (It might not be everyone’s cup of tea, this look, but I like it for its sultry-but-not-too-over-the-top appeal. I focus on smouldering around the bottom lashline rather than smudging all of the way around, and use a softer shadow on the eyelid to balance things out. I find that a lot of kohl or eyeliner on my upper lashline makes my eyes look old, but maybe that’s just me..)
Step 1: I line my waterline with a soft kohl pencil. Here I’m using Chanel Crayon Kohl in
Step 2: I take the liner over into the lower lashline making sure that I have my Smudge Brush at the ready, because you need to get on in there while the kohl is still soft and easy to move about!
Step 3: I use my smudge brush to go over the kohl, working backwards and forwards in little motions to soften out the line, but not straying
(Sometimes I wing out the liner a little bit at the outer corner of my eye, but to be quite honest this does introduce a bit of opportunity to go very wrong, so if you want to keep things simple then just follow the line of your lower lashline and keep it at that!)
Step 4: I take a shadow, something nice and sultry and I apply it all over my lids. (This is
I just apply with a fluffy brush over the lids, past the crease a little bit but keeping things very straightforward. There’s no complicated blending or shaping here!
You can take a little bit of shadow underneath the eye too, if you want, but there’s no real need.
Step 5: I apply lashings of mascara. This one is the Diego Dalla Palma one I mentioned a few times recently – you can find it online
Ta-dah! Sorry, no smiles here – face like a smacked arse, as they say, but I never remember to look happy when I’m concentrating.
So, an easy smokey eye with just a few quick steps. Do let me know how you get on if you try it – sorry that the smudge brush is part of a set, but all of the brushes in it are useful and it’s not too expensive at all.
Real Techniques Eyelining Set
Brace yourselves for about fifty-thousand photos of my new hair. You know when you get back home with a new haircut and you have to kind of “try it out” by swishing it about in loads of different directions and making a side-fringe and all of that business? Well I did that yesterday and took photographic evidence.
I went to
I saw the wonderful Nicola Clarke at John Frieda for my colour; she was careful to keep the ends looking really beautiful and natural, but lightened up the areas that had a lot of regrowth and were starting to make me feel a bit drab. The overall effect is a brighter, fresher blonde – I usually go a bit darker for winter, but this year I just wanted to feel glam!
My stylist Oliver cut a good few inches from my hair but didn’t layer it, just left it quite blunt and chunky. I honestly couldn’t be bothered with having layers to style – I don’t have the time or inclination at present – and with this length, sitting just below the shoulders, it’s quite nice to have it looking and feeling full, rather than feathery. It’s actually a really lovely length – easy to style, no “dead weight” to have to shampoo and condition and slather with leave-in unguents – and I can still tie it back. Which is possibly my number one hair-cut requirement!
What do you think? I’m feeling very perky about my new hair. I’m at that stage when I feel as though everything I wear looks better and all of my makeup suits me better, all because I’ve had a bit of a change. I may even crack out the heated rollers this week…
You can book in at John Frieda
*I took these photos using my camera’s remote control. I feel like a bit of a berk admitting that, because it’s kind of like the ultimate “selfie indulgence”, isn’t it? But it’s just some anecdotal material, some behind-the-scenes-demystification for you… I also was naked from the waist down.
JOKE!
**update: star jumper is called the “Stella” and is from Hush
The beauty world seems to be overrun with samples and miniatures at the moment – beauty boxes, advent calendars and special gifts-with-purchases that just seem to be getting more and more swanky. It’s like battle of the travel sizes!
Many people are put off by the mystery element of these beauty boxes and calendars (though it’s pretty easy to find out the contents, some brands release different versions so that you’re not
So for those who want to sample brilliant brands without any risk-factor, there’s this: Net-a-Porter’s “
The rest of the products are the kind of size that is easy to disregard until you work out what they’re worth based on price per ml – 5ml of Sarah Chapman’s
You can find the Holiday Kit at Net-a-Porter
Net-a-Porter Holiday Kit

I’m back on the oils – I’ve got skin as parched as the bloody Sahara at the moment. Partly because we invested in a new “intelligent” central heating control which is so “intelligent” that it only knows two temperatures. Freezing and
Earlier this year I wrote about some very simple facial oils – ones without too much embellishment or fuss (you can read about those
Introducing, then, two Rose Oils that I’ve been taking for a quick skincare “whirl around the block”:
But as I’ve called this post “Pixi vs Aerin” I suppose I should attempt some kind of comparison rather than copping out and saying “they’re both really nice”! I mean, that would be the actual truth, but it doesn’t really help you make an informed decision. For many, the decision will be made automatically, because the Aerin oil is fully double the price of the Pixi one, but if budget isn’t so much of an issue? Let’s take a look…
Aerin Rose Oil (£50 for 30ml
The Pixi Rose Oil Blend (£26 for 30ml
You can find the Pixi Rose Oil Blend at Cult Beauty
*OOH! The Aerin is actually £42.50 at the time of writing. That’s a perk, albeit a small one!

November Beauty Favourites – early, for the very first time! I have to get cracking on the Christmas Gift Guides so I thought I’d do my favourites before they got forgotten. There’s a nice little skincare mix, a couple of great makeup products and a really creepy book recommendation. I ploughed through this particular novel at night when I was doing my numerous breastfeeding sessions and it really did send chills up my spine. I was so freaked out by one of the narrative voices (you’ll know which one when you read it) that I couldn’t stick my feet out from under the duvet, even though I was sweltering hot. (I’ve never been able to stick my feet out if I’m scared, it’s a ridiculous superstition that started when I was little and I’ve never managed to shake it.)
I digress. Get comfy, press play – products are listed below the video screen. If you want to browse previous monthly favourites videos then please
Oh – lots of people asking me to do a tutorial on this eye look. It’s actually a bit wonky because I was just playing about with some Chanel products and not really concentrating that hard, but if I get a chance I’ll re-do it and film. It’s the AW palette, blended into a smokey eye, with black kohl smudged around the lashline and inside the waterline and two coats of Ultra Noir mascara to finish it off.
Sorry to be a total enabler here, but this
If you’re already a fan, it presents all of the hero products in handy discovery sizes with a full-sized lipstick and shadow hidden away for good measure. (I say “”discovery” sizes because “miniatures” sounds a bit mean in this case. The 15ml of Magic Cream, for example, is worth over twenty pounds, the eye kohl is nearly as large as a proper one. The mini lipstick is teeny, but
I was fully intending on working through the contents list and finding out the total value, but I’ve run out of steam! There’s a full-size Matte Revolution lipstick (£23) and Lip Magic balm (£25), a new Nocturnal Eyes shadow and kohl pencil (I can’t tell whether or not they are the same size as the ones online, but if they are then that’s another £29), the very cute mini lipstick and a whole bunch of trial-sized skin and body care. Gems such as the “Supermodel Body” (great for pepping up bare legs on a night out) and the amazing “Goddess Skin” Clay Mask (full review
The
Charlotte Tilbury’s Book of Make-Up Magic is £150 at
I used to get very sore and sensitive eyes when I was a fully-jobbing-globe-trotting fashion model – layers and layers of black eyeliner and smudged-in shadow and eyelash glue and whatever else they bunged onto my lids would play absolute havoc with my skin. And I hadn’t really had sore eyes in ages until the other day, when I was trying out makeup looks and had layers and layers of black eyeliner on, and smudged-in shadow, and eyelash glue and – you get the picture. There’s a definite theme here: lots of eyemakeup = sore eyes. For me, at least.
So I pulled out some old tried-and-tested products in an attempt to soothe and improve – and made a new skincare discovery at the same time. All of the below are
Liz Earle’s
Pai’s
Bioderma’s
Another tried-and-tested sensitive skin staple; Weleda’s
More skincare reviews for sensitive skin…
What are your sensitive eye skincare staples? Anything I should be adding to the list? Let me know in the comments…
This candle shoots straight to the very top of my favourites list; the scent is supremely sexy. I adore
But this is a candle, so I’m hoping Alex lets me off on a technicality and I don’t have to start sleeping with one eye open! And what a candle. Bottega Veneta’s
The top notes are bergamot and pink pepper and there’s jasmine, too, as well as the leather and patchouli and “oakmoss” base notes. It’s like wearing a favourite cashmere scarf, one that is already scented with a perfume that’s feminine and beautiful, but wearing it with an expensive, worn-in leather jacket. It’s something pretty from Jo Malone crossed with something smokey from Tom Ford. I can’t get enough of it.
More candle reviews…
I’m having trouble tracking this candle down online, apart from at Bottega Veneta (£52
If you want to try the

A very quick and easy nude makeup tutorial – perfect if you want something smart and polished for the daytime but at the same time like to keep things pretty understated. It’s a touch more makeup than I’d usually wear in the day, but I just fancied a change this week – a more grown-up look.
This tutorial features the new Chanel
So yes: a quick and easy nude makeup look with a softly defined eyes, perfectly finished skin and posh, sheeny lips. The lipstick is YSL’s
Read more mascara reviews…
Right – on with the show. You’ll probably spot Mr Bear in the background, as well as Dexter, Baby AMR and even a silhouette of

Some more “portable art” for you (see
I’ll be completely frank: if you want to go for one thing, go for the
The bronzer (top right) is
NARS One Shocking Moment Palette is available at SpaceNK


Beauty Advent Calendars seem to be officially a “thing” now – and why not? I’ve always had a bit of a penchant for beauty miniatures, so opening doors to discovery gorgeous mystery items definitely floats my boat! And there is something rather exciting about getting a new product to try every day for the run-up to Christmas. I had to open all the doors on the calendars in this feature to be able to photograph them, but I’ve already tried four new things and that’s since last night! I tend to take minis with me on my travels so that I can have loads of options and variety without using up too much of my suitcase space.
The first one I want to show you is
There’s a range of full-size and mini-sized beauty in this one and a great mix of tried-and-tested favourites alongside newer launches. Makeup, skincare, bodycare and some wonderful hair products with a nice lean towards things that will make you look ever-so-glam over the Christmas holidays. Jet-black mascara, false lashes, silky hair treatments and face masks to make your skin glow.
I’ve only shown some of the products to give you a taster of the brands and an idea of the sizes – I don’t want to completely ruin the surprise!
Stocks are really limited on this one, so if you want it then don’t bumble about for too long! It has free delivery and you can snap it up
I’ll have more calendars to show you soon, I just need to edit the photos. Mr AMR was in hysterics yesterday because it’s a standing joke between us that I’m terrible at opening packaging properly. If there’s a box to be ruined then I’m your girl – even a simple square box with teabags in will be completely shredded by the time I’m done with trying to get the lid off! So opening up doors on an advent calendar was utter carnage, as you’d expect. Twenty-five opportunities to totally mess things up…
My latest skincare trial has been an interesting one; the new Hyaluron-Filler CC Cream from Eucerin. I must say that my heart sank, somewhat, when I heard the phrase “CC Cream” – I’ve tried so many claggy, thick versions lately and had no desire to plaster another one on my face – but an initial test showed Eucerin’s offering to be quite dramatically different. For a start, it felt very lightweight and fresh – almost the consistency you’d expect from a gel or gel-cream product – but at the same time it was incredibly moisturising.
And so away I went with my sample of the Hyaluron-Filler CC Cream to give it a thorough testing. I’ve been using it quite regularly for a few weeks, now, and I think it’s telling that I’ve been wearing it way above and beyond the amount I’d need to use it to give it a proper test. I’ve tried it in just about every way imaginable – with moisturiser, without moisturiser, layered over serum, under foundation, buffed on with a brush, blended with fingertips, finished with a quick dusting of Chanel’s
They key thing that stood out for me with the Hyaluron-Filler was that it felt so intensely hydrating. Even used without a moisturiser underneath the CC Cream spread easily and blended out beautifully, feeling very plumping and comfortable. If I needed a moisturiser at all, then it was just a light one – on most mornings I’d simply layer the CC over a serum. I suppose this should have come as no surprise, really, because the name of the product kind of gives things away:
So anti-wrinkle properties, then, but what about the makeup element of the CC Cream? Well, it’s quite a sheer coverage cream but for me the benefit is in the way that the
..and below the finished result. No added concealer or powder of any kind. I hope that the photo demonstrates the difference in complexion – definitely brighter and with less redness around the nose and darkness beneath the eyes.
The skin on my forehead looks, I think, smoother and plumper – I did wait around twenty minutes before taking my “after” photograph, so I don’t know whether the effects were instant or not! Either way, I really like the finish. It’s not greasy at all, and (importantly for me) no chalkiness or feeling of grottiness from the SPF.
I wasn’t familiar with the Eucerin brand before this trial; I’d heard great things about their cleansers and creams, but the lean seemed to be towards dry skin and mine was – until recently – combination. I’m impressed with the CC – though it smells very suntan-lotiony, which isn’t my ideal scent. It doesn’t particularly put me off, but I did spend the whole of my pregnancy thinking that all of my beauty products smelt of stale cat wee, so a bit of SPF-scent isn’t going to deter me! Has anyone else tried this CC? Let me know your thoughts – you can find it online at
*this trial post is sponsored by Eucerin

Everything about this Dolce & Gabbana
And the animal theme continues inside; a beautifully-crafted palette with a heavyweight feel and perfectly finished trim. It’s not quite palm-sized, but easy enough to slip into a small handbag, so convenient and portable but still large enough to house the required makeup bits without being too fiddly.
Four eyeshadows (all wearable shades, no awful Kermit greens or sparkling purples) alongside a universally flattering blush, illuminator and two wisely-chosen lipsticks. A pinkish nude and a killer red. So two classic Dolce looks covered, then – the sultry red lip with perfect, glowing skin and the nude lip with sexy, smokey eyes. Which are, let’s face it, the makeup looks that most of us default to. You can never go wrong when you keep it to the tried-and-tested…
There is really something very special and decadent about the Beauty Voyage palette; the case is so beautiful that (and I know this is becoming a cliché but I’m going to say it anyway) it’s almost a shame to use the makeup inside. I love the addition of the animal-printed lip brush, though the foam eyeshadow applicator on the other end makes me want to stab myself in the eyes repeatedly out of sheer frustration. When will people stop with the foam? Have you
The foam is forgiven, though, because everything about this little collection has been perfectly thought-out. If you’re a beauty enthusiast and want something that’ll make you feel like Sharon Stone in
The Dolce & Gabbana Beauty Voyage Make-Up Essential Palette is at
I’ve started sniffing around for good little things to put in my Christmas Stocking Fillers video – I know it’s only early November, but if I don’t get the festive vids filmed in the next couple of weeks then they end up going online ridiculously late. Which is helpful for those people – like me – who do all of their shopping after the 20th December, whirring around in a total frenzy and almost being sick in the Selfridges queue, but not for the sane, organised people who like to get it all out of the way early. (Everyone I know leaves their present-buying to the last minute, so I was incredibly surprised to find, in the first year that I did my Christmas vids, that many people actually do their shopping
Anyway: Rose & Co’s No.84 Hand Cream is prime stocking-filler-fodder. Cute glass jar, pretty pink box and a sumptuous hand moisturiser complete with (strong) powdery rose fragrance. It’s highly Instagrammable, which will please all of those people who like to document the contents of their beauty cabinets, and at £5, an affordable little treat. Personally, I’m not a fan of the fragrance, but I absolutely LOVE the violet version (
You can find Rose & Co online
Pamplemousse Rhubarbe
Anyway,
The fragrance itself starts off fruity and slightly sharp, as I suppose you’d expect, but with woody little undertones that creep out and overtake after a few minutes of wear. It’s initially rather like a cologne, but with the added spice and warmth from the clove, the nutmeg and the cedar, it becomes something altogether more interesting. If you like your citrus scents – fresh and fruity – then you’ll enjoy this twist.
And the box – there’s something very pleasing about this type of cardboard packaging. It reminds me of expensive truffles, or of those old-fashioned talcum powder containers. Either way, associations that are lovely and decadent – it feels like the kind of present that you’d pick up for yourself in a tiny shop down a rickety little one-way street. Very pretty, and priced quite nicely for Christmas presents (if you’re already thinking along those lines!) at £46 for 75ml.
Pierre Hermé’s Pamplemousse Rhubarbe is at l’Occitane
Skincare rave coming up, brace yourselves: Peter Thomas Roth’s Pumpkin Enzyme Mask. This stuff is like beauty dynamite! In a good way, obviously. It’s a proper fixer-upper, a true
Because it is the business, let me tell you. Both times I’ve used it (yes, just twice: I couldn’t wait any longer to write about it, mainly because of the pumpkin/Halloween thing, but also because I sincerely doubt that it will suddenly do something completely different during subsequent trials) my skin has looked completely refreshed and renewed. Brighter, fresher, chin flakiness gone, nose blackheads eradicated. I was left a little bit pink on the first attempt – I won’t lie – but that’s because I was a bit over-enthusiastic with the scrubbing part.
Peter Thomas Roth’s
More face mask reviews…
In fact, if you have sensitive skin at all, I’d recommend something a little gentler, perhaps, because the Pumpkin Enzyme Mask does not hang about. If you’re the type of impatient person who can’t be bothered to wait for the thirty, twenty or even ten minutes that most masks take to get going then
A more gentle face mask suggestion…
Could this be the ultimate fixer-upper mask? Tackling dullness, fine lines and congestion it seems to just be a one-stop power-mask wonder and you get a whopping 150ml in the jar, too, so plenty of applications. I mean, dozens and dozens of applications. The price? A distinctly un-scary £39.50.
Peter Thomas Roth Pumpkin Enzyme Mask is at
This month’s beauty favourites – and a book. You already know about the book –
A lovely mix of beauty bits, this month – I’m particularly enamoured with Bobbi Brown’s new full coverage makeup brush and the Estee Lauder Serum and Concealer from the Perfectionist range.. There are quite a few products in this month’s video that I’ll be doing dedicated reviews and posts for, so keep a look out for those. I didn’t try any of the makeup on during the video, but I do have before-and-after pictures for the Chanel mascara and the Estee Lauder eye duo – both of which have rocketed their way into the hallowed depths of my permanent makeup bag.
Testing out retinol serums and creams had been next on my “skincare to-do list” – retinol seems to be a genuine super-ingredient that has been proven to help fine lines and wrinkles, increase collagen production and help the skin to look and feel younger; but then I got pregnant and vastly simplified my beauty routine, so that particular adventure got shelved until further notice. (Retinol is also quite frequently on the list of “things to avoid” when pregnant, and though it’s the prescription-strength products (retinoids) that I would have thought would be the worry, it seemed a bit silly to start using it just so I could write some beauty reviews! I was quite a worrisome Mum-to-be for the first two trimesters, but selectively so: I was paranoid about parsley (got my Mum to thank for that one) and peppermint tea (I have
Anyway, I’m now dipping a toe into the “retinol pond” and the first products on my list are the serums and creams from Verso. Verso products claim to use a highly potent Retinol 8 “complex” that is eight times more effective than the typically-used form of the ingredient, but at the same time is more easily tolerated and less likely to cause irritation. I have to say that the risk of irritating my skin (the redness and flakiness that can be side-effects of using retinol) was the main reason that I hadn’t got started on my retinol-testing earlier, so I was very interested in Verso’s claims.
I’m happy to say that I haven’t experienced even a hint of irritation and that’s after nearly a week of layering up the eye serum, face serum and day cream. (Every other day for the serum, actually, but I’ve been going to town with the day cream application. I probably should have been more cautious, really!) I was also worried that my face might get dry and flaky – again, no sign of this either. In fact, I’ve found the serum on its own to be very moisturising and with the day cream layered over the top, almost
If you’d like to try the Verso line then you can find it at Cult Beauty
The eye serum is also lovely (and cheaper) but I think that you could very easily just use the face serum all over if you wanted a do-it-all product. Verso claim that the serum “dramatically diminishes the appearance of wrinkles – even stubborn, deep-set expression lines” so I’m intrigued to see whether or not my fine-eye-lines disappear, and also the frown line that seems to be adamant on settling in at the top of my nose! Verso also say that with continued use there will be a “visible reduction in pigment spots and scars” and that skin “soon becomes stronger, more luminous”. I definitely look less knackered and more…I want to say “ruddy”, but I don’t look red. What’s the term? In
Use the code
Verso at Cult Beauty
Another one for fans of the “my skin looks loads better but I’m not sure how or why” powders. Many see these brush-on complexion enhancers as being a bit pointless, but I, for one, can definitely see the difference when I use my
Hourglass Ambient Lighting Powder…
I have never really figured out
Read about Chanel Les Beiges…
I can see that Chanel’s new
You can buy Chanel’s Infiniment Illuminating Powder at
A few weeks ago I embarked on a bit of a mission: to improve the quality of my sleep. It would be completely unrealistic to expect to be able to get
Olay challenged me to improve the quality of my sleep over the course of a few weeks, by implementing some of their top tips (they worked with sleep consultant Dr Nerina Ramlakhan to come up with the most useful and realistic ideas) and by carrying out a nightly “Lights Out” facial massage. The massage has been created by the lovely Anastasia Achilleos, top facialist and Olay’s Global Ambassador – you can follow the steps in the video at the bottom of the page. The moves are very simple, but so effective; I love the fact that you can just lie down in the dark on your bed and fall asleep afterwards! Anastasia designed the massage to relax the body and mind so that it’s destressed before sleeping – so many of us rush about and then just collapse, exhausted, into a kind of coma. It’s important to have some quiet time to really clear our minds, even if it’s for just a few minutes. (And this massage does take just a few minutes – three steps, three minutes; though you can obviously prolong the steps if you’re in the zone!)
Anastasia used the Olay Regenerist 3 Point Age-Defying Night Cream for the “Lights Out” massage and I’ve continued with it for the last few weeks. It’s fragrance free (which Anastasia loves because she lights candles or incense and doesn’t want to be distracted by a strongly-scented face cream) and it has just enough slip to perform the massage steps without leaving a greasy residue, even though I use quite a dollop! Although it doesn’t feel overly heavy, the moisturising effects are really good thanks to a nice whack of hyaluronic acid in the formula, and the cream also contains Olay’s highest concentration of penta-peptides. These help to lock in moisture as well as encourage surface skin cells to renew themselves more quickly, making the skin look visibly plumper and firmer. It also contains the ingredient niacinamide, which can help to make skintone more even and improve skin elasticity (I think it’s a bit of a wonder ingredient, you can read my post about it
I must say that it’s a very nice habit to get into, lying there in bed and massaging your face – I think that just having those few minutes to do something that is completely and utterly for your own benefit is very important. It’s hard not to let all of your worries and stresses whizz about your brain, but blimey – if you can’t clear your head for three minutes then there’s no hope! I also tried to implement Dr Nerina’s tips for quality sleep:
I’d like to lie and say that I did really well with all of the above, but actually the two that I managed best – and this will come as no surprise – were the beauty-related things! I’ve been really making a point of having a nightly bath, if I can, with candles and oils and so on, just so I can “escape” for twenty minutes and think about nothing, and I’ve also done very well with my face massaging. The electronics thing? Not so good! Mainly because I have become slightly addicted to searching eBay for furniture in the middle of the night. And the lists rule? Well. I
But I feel as though I’ve learnt these tips inside out, now, and that they are permanently ingrained on my mind. Even if I don’t manage the last two often, I still feel bad when I don’t do them, so at least I’m halfway there… I need to get back into reading my Kindle at night rather than looking at stuff on my iPhone, so I’ve just charged it up and will start that tonight. Then I really can leave my iPhone outside – it’s not as though I need an alarm clock these days!
You can see all of the tips and also the “Lights Out” massage in action in my video below – I’ve listed the written steps underneath it for quick reference. You can find Olay’s Regenerist 3 Point Age-Defying Night Cream at Boots.com
*my New Mum Switch Off Challenge is a paid advertorial with Olay.
My Colab
There’s a light sheeny shine from this fragrance spray thanks to the precious oils in the formula – it’s perfect for adding just a touch of gloss to finished hairstyles. It’s very lightweight, so great for fine hair (like mine) that can easily be overwhelmed with heavy glossing products, but do still tread carefully – a little goes a long way, so start with a spritz and build up if you feel you need more. I like to use my fingertips to work the spray through the lengths and ends, it gives my hair a kind of piecey definition that looks very casual and undone. It’s also quite brilliant for spraying down the length of a ponytail to give it some gleam.
If you want to see the spray in action, check out my
Colab Luxe Shine fragrance spray is available at Superdrug

I’ll be back with more shade details on the new Steven Klein/NARS collaboration when it comes out in a week or so – it’s very, very covetable. Though I seem to be a sucker for things featuring the work of great fashion photographers – must be something to do with my job…
I loved the Norman Parkinson and Charlotte Tilbury collab for its beautiful, retro appeal; NARS’ collection with Steven Klein is completely the opposite. Edgy and modern. My pick would be the cheek palette – “One Shocking Moment” – because it features the artwork on the lid of the actual product, not just on the outer box, and the shades inside are great.
Take a look at the video – star turn of the day goes to New CiD Cosmetics and their amazing
Apologies in advance for my “before and after” photos (below): I didn’t ever think I’d be zooming in so close, so I have millions of bits all over my face! Just to clarify, the black bits aren’t flakes of
Anyway, back to the main event here, which is Lancome’s new
The formula is creamy but has enough tackiness to make it easy and quick to build. without forming blobs or clumps or making the lashes stick together. Here’s my before pic, complete with specks of old mascara:
and here’s the after – post-foundation, just in the interests of transparency! (Foundation is Max Factor’s
Nice, eh? This is after two quick coats. I’m sure you could build the mascara even further, but I just didn’t feel the need. This wears well, doesn’t flake, doesn’t irritate my eyes and (as I mentioned in my
I
Nice. I’ve added it to my new favourites, the one from Diego Dalla Palma (see post
It’s that time of year again; Space NK give you
Everyone always has their favourites to stock up on when these offers are running, but the idea behind the promotion is to actually explore brands or products you’ve never tried before. So in the spirit of beauty adventurousness (is that even a word?) I’ve been trying out new stuff. Here we go.
Nail polishes from
You can browse the virtual beauty shelves at Space NK
It’s fair to say that I’ve gone a bit bath-crazy over the past few weeks. One a day, if I can manage it – perhaps even two, if Mr AMR is home and can watch the baby so that I can have a completely responsibility-free soak. I’ll probably calm down with the soaks soon, I’m just overexcited because I’m back in the house and we have a new bath. Which, apart from the bum-sucking plughole (see
Now that I’m over my flu-symtpoms from hell, I’ve moved on from the
But even if you’re not using this luxurious bath oil for its sleep-inducing properties, it’s great for creating a steamy little relaxation area inside your bathroom. Lavender to help you switch off, jasmine for a touch of exotic headiness and sweet basil for…I don’t even know what sweet basil’s for, but it makes the whole thing smell delicious. In terms of potency and quality and the loveliness of the blend,
You can find NEOM at John Lewis
L’Occitane are running a nice campaign at the moment; visit the
I’m a total sucker for miniature beauty and the little jars that the free moisturisers come in are just gorgeous! 8ml, too, so you can get a good idea of whether the cream suits you or not. Once you’ve had your moisturiser recommendation you can pick it up from your nearest L’Occitane store. And once you’ve finished the mini-jar, you can get £10 off the full-size version, or any skincare purchase over £25! Here’s the site:
OK, I’ll admit it’s a bit of a stretch calling bath oils and unguents
I haven’t currently got a cough or a cold, but I do have Mastitis (look it up, it’s gross) which comes with its own particular set of flu-like symptoms. The newly-discovered bath heroes pictured above have lifted my spirits and cleared my head…
Moa Fortifying Green Bath Potion
Restorative Winter Clarifying Bath Oil
Aromachologie Rebalancing Black Soap
And breathe.

Yesterday I brought you “September Empties”: today, September Favourites. Never say that I lack imagination. Tomorrow is October (I think?) so maybe there’ll be a change of theme. Ha!
Some corkers in this video, though, including the brilliant new mascara discovery from Diego Della Palma. It’s honestly one of the best mascaras I’ve used in ages – and it’s not bank-breakingly expensive, either. Very refreshing. There’s also a little preview demo of my new
A quick whizz through my empties – no, not the wine and beer bottles in my recycling box (chance’d be a fine thing), but the finished-off beauty products that I managed to collect this month. All of the products and links are listed below the video screen, just in case you can’t think of anything worse than spending eight minutes with a lovely cuppa, listening to the sound of my voice. Enjoy – and please do
No sooner had I finished filming my Autumn fragrance video (in which I lamented the number of new perfume launches that I couldn’t keep up with) than a package arrived on my doorstep containing yet
Until I received a text from my trusty assistant and beauty-news-sleuth, Rach, shouting “HAVE YOU TRIED MARC JACOBS DECADENCE? IT’S LUSH!” When Rach has an excitable shout about something I tend to listen – I’ve never met anyone with such a passion for luxurious, sexy, boudoir-y stuff. Her bedroom is literally
So I had to try
The packaging (told you I’d get back to it) is the most interesting I’ve seen in a while; the whole bottle has been designed to resemble a kind of glass and metal handbag, complete with chain “strap” and slinky tassel. The lid is heavy and luxe-feeling and the faux-python covering, which could so easily look tacky, has been nicely done. I love the whole thing. It’s totally OTT, but I suppose that’s what decadence is. It’s all very appropriate. Apart from my dog’s furry leg that’s photo-bombing the above picture – sorry about that, I didn’t see it until I was loading the photos into my computer!
Overall, this fragrance is what it says it is: decadent. I like it. There are no disappointments here – in fact I was pleasantly surprised.
Marc Jacobs Decadence is available now – find it at
I was sat testing out about ten thousand different shades from Clarins’ new
Sometimes it can look like overkill when a brand offers a dozen or so very similar-looking tones, but actually when you look closely the tiny variations (bit more blue, maybe more yellow, a shot of rose-gold shimmer to brighten) they are what makes the range wearable and flattering to a larger number of people. One nude lipstick does not suit all.
Take a look at my two favourites from the Clarins
A perfect pinkish-nude, for me; juicy, and not so pale that I end up looking lipless. Just a very quick and gorgeous shade that makes me look instantly polished.
And then check this out: same makeup, same lighting (natural light from the window), same absolutely everything. Apart from the lipstick, obviously. And the fact that I mussed my hair up a bit to add a bit of interest! Doesn’t the brighter shade really change my face?
(By the way: maximum respect to Deciem’s
This vibrant face-changing orange-red is called Orange Fizz (shade 701). Though it’s a brilliant tone for beachy, sunkissed skin, it’s also great for autumn and would be quite dramatic with an otherwise bare face. (Read: tonne of concealer, base, brightening malarkey and clever “no eye makeup” eye makeup. And brows. And a bit of pale bronzer.)
The new Joli Rouge lipsticks are available now for £19.50, or a slightly cheaper £17.15 from the ever-amazing Escentual.com
Do you ever find that sometimes, with beauty products, you don’t realise how good something is until you
Because fast-forward five weeks and I am missing it
Fat chance.
This rose shampoo is lush. Formulated for fine hair, it does an amazing job at gently cleansing (my scalp pretty much fell apart after I left my Mum’s and started using some cheapie stuff I found in the boot of the car) and leaves hair properly bouncy and lovely. The conditioner is surprisingly rich for something in a bottle – it’s not quite a “cream” but it’s far more heavyweight than your usual non-masque conditioner. Rich in feel, but lightweight in effect – there’s no weighing down of the hair or that funny, cloying residue that you can sometimes get if you use the wrong product. (When hair isn’t the same for about three washes afterwards!) It left mine looking full-bodied and non-fuzzy. Regardez:

My bathtime ritual at Mum’s (I was there for a month with a tiny baby, so bathtime was my little space to be myself): a couple of drops of the Floris
You can find Christophe Robin haircare at LookFantastic
I’ve filmed a new fragrance video but parts of it are so incredibly random and silly that I thought I’d do a written accompaniment. I basically came up with this stupid idea that I’d try and describe each of the perfumes using only two words, but things just got out of hand. One fragrance ended up with “Cosy Pyjamas” as a description, another one “Deadly Flowers”. Give it a watch if you want to spend ten minutes in a sort of
I tend to be a bit slack when it comes to fragrance reviewing, mainly because the new launches are constant and I find it all a bit overwhelming. It’s also quite difficult to talk about scent when it’s such a personal and subjective matter – my take on a perfume might be completely different to yours. But I’m going to try and do a fragrance roundup on a more regular basis, if people find it interesting or useful? The video might be a bit crazy and rambling but I
There are six fragrances altogether – I’ve listed them below the video screen with a little summary of my thoughts. If you’d like to read previous fragrance reviews then you can find them all
The first perfume is
Ironically, I really like the
Talking of boxes, I went in and did the same thing straight away with
Gucci Bamboo
If you’re a regular reader then you’ll already know that I like the new
And to my favourite new launch; Clinique’s
Tom Ford’s
Finally,
Right – that turned into a mammoth post! Let me know your fragrant thoughts in the comments below – I’d especially welcome any opinions on the
Not having been particularly enamoured with any of the previous “Daisy” fragrances from Marc Jacobs (love the bottles, always found the scents to be a bit “young”, which I suppose is probably bang-on for the target market) I surprised myself by really liking the new one,
Now this is very weird: without reading any kind of blurb about this fragrance, just looking at the bottle, which reminds me of dark winter nights, cosy pyjamas and – weirdly – bonfire night, my mind told me that this was a warm and sweet perfume. It reminded me a lot of
It’s a prime example, I suppose, of how your nose can be led by your mind – I took in the colours of the bottle and the name
Read more fragrance reviews…
Whatever; I think that it’s lovely. Rich and softly woody, like a big cashmere blanket. It’s not the most grown-up fragrance out there, but it has a certain warmth that I think will make it irresistible to many people who wouldn’t usually go for the other Marc Jacobs Daisy incarnations. It feels like a winter scent, to me, and I can imagine that it will do incredibly well this Christmas.
Marc Jacobs Daisy Dream Forever is £59 for the 50ml Eau de Parfum, or £50.15 at

Tomorrow (today, if you’re reading this by email) will see the launch of Indeed Lab’s new
Indeed Labs know a good deal about skin perfecting; they make brilliantly effective beauty products that moisturise, resurface and brighten, targeting dehydration, wrinkles, fine lines, dark spots, dullness, lack of volume – the list goes on.
As part of their
I’ve been trying to think of some of the mad things that I’ve done, beauty-wise. (There are many.) I think some of the best were in my teens, when I made an iced cucumber mask and gave myself chilblains on my face, and also used so much toothpaste on my spots that it congealed into my hairline and turned into a concrete mess, impossible to brush out. That was an interesting bus journey to school!
Possibly the biggest beauty length I’ve gone to as an adult is giving up drinking milk. It took me absolutely ages to work out that milk was causing my adult acne (I’d tried to rule out wheat, shellfish and citrus before landing on the answer!) and it was a bit of a major thing when I realised that I’d have to cut it out. Bearing in mind that I was addicted to eating porridge for breakfast (half a pint of milk just there) it was no small challenge. And I haven’t really drunk milk since (I think it’s two years now – you can read the posts on it
I also wear SPF on my face
During pregnancy my skin became more dehydrated and it has erred on the dry side ever since, so I use a hydrating serum before my moisturiser every time. (Another step I used to be a bit gung-ho with, but regular use definitely pays off. Have a read of last year’s serum post
Of course, using serum is the very opposite of a “beauty length” – it’s so light and easy to apply, it’s probably the quickest of the skincare steps. Potent ingredients, great results, no extreme measures needed! (Bye-bye chilblain-causing frozen cucumber mask.)
On Friday 18th September Indeed Labs will be showing that there’s no need to go to great beauty lengths to tackle your skin problems. They will be taking over three London stations and handing out samples of their targeted skincare treatments, offering solutions to your greatest beauty woes. Head to Paddington, Victoria or Oxford Circus stations where you can also share your “perfect skin” selfie; use the hashtag and you’ll be entered into a competition to win a mini break for you and a friend.
And if you’re out and about in central London, then keep watch for one of the three branded cabs that will be cruising about – if you hop inside to confess your beauty length story then you’ll get a full-size product tailored to your skin needs.
You can find Indeed Lab’s products at
*this post is an advertorial for Indeed Labs “Beauty Length” campaign.
Things to do when your baby finally goes to sleep for an hour, number 2,134: sort out your nail polish collection. Obviously when you are slightly sleep-deprived the best thing to do when your baby sleeps is to try and get some sleep yourself, but life doesn’t always work out that way. Either there are things that
Four gorgeous, newly-discovered polishes here; from left to right in the photograph above there’s the pinky-nude, imaginatively-named “
I photographed the nail polish bottles the wrong way around (should have taken the nap!) so we now need to go from right to left. Everyone, about turn!
On the first finger, EX-11 from Suqqu. This looks to be sold out at
On the second, the brilliant
The Kure and Smith & Cult shades here are probably rather unexpected, if you’re a regular reader: I tend to balk at “colourful” nail polishes, preferring nudes and perhaps the odd red every now and then. (Much the same as my lipsticks, I suppose.) But as it’s the end of the summer – pessimists would say autumn – my skin has the slightest hint of a bronzed tint and so I was irresistibly drawn to these tan enhancing shades.
I really rate Kure Bazaar nail polishes – the formula is touted as being 85% natural, free of nasties, with a wood pulp, wheat, cotton, potato and corn base. This is the brand I used throughout my pregnancy if I needed to groom up my nails a bit. Though I still used it pretty infrequently – nail-painting fumes didn’t mix with nausea.
Finally, a beautiful – and very Instagrammable – polish from new brand

One to grab before it goes; Chanel’s gorgeous
There’s something for everyone here; a grungey look with the gold and the dark olive, or the classic “nude” eye using the pink as a base and the warm, bright caramel to add contour and depth. (Pretty much what I did above, but with some darker olive blended into the crease.)
You can still find Tisse d’Automne online at
More makeup posts…
I love these delicious little eyeshadows from RMK; two-in-one palettes with a cream shadow base and then a sparkly powder to press on over the top. The creams are bouncy and comfortable but don’t slide or crease up and the powders are just on the right side of disco-shimmer.
My favourite shade is 05, a rosy-gold duo that’s quite subtle with a light application but can be built up to striking effect. The cream looks nice on its own but a quick pressing of the powder over the top really brings everything alive and brightens up the eye area.
Sorry about the stern expression here! But you can see how the pinkish hue is actually very enlivening – sometimes reds and pinks on the eyelids can be a bit…myxomatosis. This is great for a bit of Autumn sparkle if you fancy something low-key and easy.
You can find the RMK Gold Impression Eye Palettes at Selfridges
Dior have relaunched their bestselling Dior Addict lipsticks to include an “ultra-moisturizing soft core” (the CD logo part that you can see in a contrasting shade in the pics) that provides a kind of shine “boost”. The idea is that this extra bit of moisture gives a glossy top coat to the lipstick finish and I do think that the new Addicts are a bit more plumptious and shiny than the originals; but to get the full effect it does mean that you have to squidge everything about a bit, applying as you would a balm, rather than trying to get one neat, slick hit as you would with a standard lipstick.
There are loads of beautiful shades and for the low-key lipstick wearer they are perfect – quite sheer, even when the colour looks incredibly vibrant and intimidating. Many of them have a kind of jelly effect – a juicy sheen rather than anything opaque – and they are lovely for foolproof, hydrating colour if you like to be able to apply without too much fuss. Here I’m wearing a pale peachy-pink,
It just gives the slightest hint of peach and a nice bit of sheen without being at all high-maintenance. I’m not a lip-gloss lover and so anything that makes my lips look smoother and fuller without the gloop and stickiness is fine by me!
Dior Addict Lipsticks are £26.50 at
Late with this. Sorry. I honestly thought that we had another couple of weeks left in August – I’m appear to be stuck in a kind of time-warp at the moment! This month’s favourite products seem to be following a kind of “perfect skin” theme – completely unintentional – with a gorgeous glow serum (see full review
Read more Monthly Favourites posts…
Clinique’s 3-Step skincare system seems to divide people, opinion-wise, like no other beauty product I’ve seen. There are those that have used it religiously (and successfully) since their teens, and there are those who are so vehemently anti-three-step they would seemingly rather clean their face with washing-up liquid than touch that famous yellow bar of soap. A quick Google and you’ll find people who are almost evangelical about the three step – they’ve used it for twenty, thirty years and wouldn’t ever try anything else – and you’ll also find a heap of beauty reviewers who are, at best, scathing. They hate the soap for its drying effects, the toner (“clarifying lotion”) could “strip paint”, the bottle of yellow moisturiser is fine, but nothing to write home about….
I have to say that when it comes to the standard-issue 3-Step I am firmly in the second camp. Scathing. The 3 Step was commonly (probably for many people) the first foray into proper skincare. When I was in my teens, getting “fitted” for your Clinique 3 Step was a kind of rite of passage. The questions about skin type! The special board thing they had with the sliders that magically revealed which products would transform your spot-ridden, red-nosed life! I was prescribed a bar of soap, which came in its very own green dish, a toner that I had to use with my eyes shut for fear of the fumes burning out my retinas, and a moisturiser that would simultaneously moisturise (
So I wasn’t at all sold on Clinique’s bestselling beauty phenomenon. But a recent successful episode with their new
Step 1: begone, green dish of soap, and move over for the Queen of Cleansing Balms,
Step 2: out with the strong, alcohol-laden clarifying lotions and in with the
Step 3: the new cream version of the
You can find all of the products, including the actual 3 Step system, if that sounds like something you’d fancy, on
*please note that this post is
You’ve maybe already heard of Hylamide: they do an incredibly affordable serum called SubQ that is getting rave reviews. A powerful hydrator, light in texture and packed full of collagen-boosting peptides, it’s a real skin-plumper that slips easily underneath whatever moisturiser or SPF you want to plonk over the top. (You can find it here online with more info.)
Hylamide have introduced some “boosters” to target specific skin needs (or “wants”, in this case!) and the Glow Radiance Booster has really impressed me. It’s not actually that often that you see proper visible results with a product after just a couple of days, but this Glow Booster had me checking my face to make sure that it was really makeup-free – I looked so healthy and glowing, as though my skin had a little layer of complexion enhancer or BB cream on it!
It’s basically a (very very) gradual tanner-with-benefits – except that it doesn’t work in the usual gradual tanner kind of way. It doesn’t use DHA, which is present in most self-tanning products, instead there’s something called keta-sugar that slowly develops a tan over a number of days, and then there are peptides that boost the skin’s natural pigment to build colour over time. It’s self-tan for the very patient, but the benefits outweigh the waiting time; the colour is as natural as you’re ever going to get and the product is absolutely foolproof. Even more foolproof than the tan drops that you add into moisturiser (had un petit accident with those the other day: let’s just say I had a facial tie-die experience after applying after a hot bath) and no smell whatsoever. It’s just the lightest liquid that you quickly spread over your (dried) skin after cleansing and then follow with your usual skincare.
More skincare reviews…
It does give the most beautiful glow – as I say, I had to double-check my face to make sure it was free of foundation, because it looked so good – and I love that there are longer-term benefits to enhance an even skintone. Which is what we are
Hylamide Glow Radiance Booster is a rather pleasing £20 – you can find it at Escentual.com
Many of you will have met my mate Caroline Hirons before; either in real life, at one of her sought-after skin appointments and meet-and-greets, or virtually, watching her videos and reading her
Caroline knows her skincare inside out and her reviews are an absolute joy to read – she never sugars the pill if she’s not keen on something and when a product works, she
A carefully curated selection of some of Caroline’s favourite skincare products, all of them fitting together very nicely to form an effective and luxurious skincare routine, this is a true beauty addict’s treasure trove! Inside the box:
Cleansers:
RMS Coconut Cream Cleanser
Acid Toner:
PIXI Glow Tonic
Eye Cream:
Skin Owl Eye+
Serums:
REN’s Optimum Skin Serum Oil
Moisturiser:
Alpha-H Essential Hydration Cream
Rescue Remedy:
Pommade Divine
So two gorgeous cleansers, one very massage-y and one slightly “quicker” (I haven’t tried either of these yet but they sound luscious); a bottle of
I am absolutely intrigued
Caroline’s Cult Beauty Box is available now – free international shipping – and costs £100
Cult Beauty

I raved about the Emoji
The
The Micro Pedi Nano is £29.99 from Amazon

The holiday let I lived in during my late pregnancy had the most
The scents are – as you’d expect – very floral. A little too much for me, probably, though if you adore that kind of “bouquet explosion” then these will be totally irresistible to you. The
More fragrance reviews…
Strangely, both of the fragrances above reminded me of one of the first perfumes I ever repeat bought, which was
At any rate, it’s made me really want to get another bottle of
You can find the Gucci Flora fragrances at
I’ve been using the same four skincare products, more or less, for the past twelve weeks. Out of necessity rather than choice, really, because I’ve had to whittle down my product arsenal to the absolute bare minimum, but that’s not to say that I haven’t enjoyed using them. In fact they’ve worked brilliantly well for me – two cleansers, one quick (the micellar) and one more luxurious (the Balance Me Cream Cleanser), an antioxidant serum and a powerful moisturiser. Obviously there have been other bits and pieces added into the mix – SPFs, the odd toner, the Neal’s Yard Remedies
It’s well worth noting that during the twelve weeks in question (nine with a baby, three before that spent heavily pregnant) I have a) very rarely worn makeup and b) stopped travelling into central London. I don’t know why I feel that’s relevant – maybe I would have needed a heavier cleanser had I been in daily makeup? Maybe my skin would have been more temperamental had I been travelling in and out of the city? – but I just feel it sets the tone for what follows: a minimalist kind of routine that doesn’t need to tackle any particular concerns. It’s almost like a “resting” routine!
I don’t think that I’ve ever really stuck to the same products for this long before, mainly because usually I want to keep trying new things. I have to say that I have missed my usual variety – the drawer of face oils, the vast selection of balm cleansers and – most importantly – the nighttime “rejuvenators”, whether acid exfoliant or hydrating treatment – and it will be interesting to see how my skin reacts once I bombard it with the full whammy. It’s pretty much flawless at the moment, if a little lacklustre; no pimples or dark spots or anything like that…
All of the following products are finished now, apart from a smidgen of serum left in the Zelens bottle, so I thought I’d do a quick run-down before I chuck away the packaging…
Onwards and upwards, then! I now have the fantabulous job of picking out my next set of products and completely starting again. I feel like a beauty virgin…
I thought that I’d give one of the Dolce & Gabbana Fall 2015 makeup looks a whirl. On the D&G website, this particular look is described as being (to paraphrase) “naturally warm and sensual”, with “golden hues” and “soft pinks”. It sounds more like a summer look to me, but I’m not complaining because usually I’m not that keen on the Autumn ones, with their dark brown scary lipsticks and russety blushers.
Anyway, this Dolce & Gabbana look is very pretty and wearable – I think that on the runway there was also a red lip look, but I fancied seeing what the double-pink would look like. Though I didn’t do my brows or define the lashline with a brown pencil, so I didn’t really follow the
Regardless, I love the final effect – I’d never usually think of wearing a soft, pinky-lilac eyeshadow but it’s actually quite romantic and gorgeous.
The Perfect Mono Cream shadow in
I’ve had great results from this Tan-Luxe
It is, I suppose, very similar to the Clarins gradual face tanner, in that it easily slips into your skincare routine without you having to change a single product. You simply mix it in to your face product and apply and within a couple of hours you have a streak-free face tan. I used “light/medium” which is plenty, for me – I tried to do before and after photos, but the difference after one application is quite subtle and doesn’t show well in pictures, really. The texture of the Tan-Luxe serum is very silky – I almost feel as though I want to apply it neat, but I haven’t braved that. Yet. Maybe I’ll try it on a day when I’m not due any visitors!
You can find Tan-Luxe at
Charlotte Tilbury’s
What’s so wonderful about this bag is that it’s like a portable little piece of art. You could place it in any bathroom and it would instantly add colour and interest. Though it is brilliantly sized and would make a perfect travel bag, it’s very tempting to simply leave it
The Bathing Beauty Bag is £55 at
Good God, I don’t half lose my thread a lot in this new video! Sorry! I had filmed a whole makeup tutorial beforehand but my camera card was corrupt and none of it came out – by the time I filmed this one, I was completely brain-fried and couldn’t remember what I had and hadn’t said already. I need to do a proper series on brilliant beauty products for new mums and knackered people (most of us, then) but I’ll wait until I’m back in my house. I don’t have very much with me now, on my travels.
There have been lots of comments about my hair in this video, for which I am very flattered, especially considering my colour hasn’t been done in ages! At the moment I just let it dry naturally and then, when it’s 90% dry I spritz some spray-in conditioner into the lengths (Unite’s
FYI: Colab has now sold over one million cans! I’m so proud to be involved with such a brilliant brand and I get a proper little thrill when people Tweet me saying how much they love it. If you’d told me ten years ago that I would have my name on a beauty product I would have been more than a little sceptical; as a model you get used to seeing your
I’m planning some dry shampoo hair vids for when I’m back in my own home, but there are already quite a few tutorials over on the
You’ll have already seen a lot of the products in the “New Mum Beauty” video – my favourite Estée Lauder concealer, the Bare Minerals tinted moisturiser… Lancome’s Miracle Cushion and Too Faced’s Beach Bunny Bronzer are featured in my latest post
I found a set of photographs taken a week or so before I went to have Baby AMR – the above is completely unretouched (not that I ever retouch, but just to be clear!) and I haven’t added any filters or even messed about with exposure or contrast. To be fair, the light on the morning that I took it was absolutely
The first product is Lancome’s Miracle Cushion foundation – really great coverage considering the fact that the formula is so lightweight. If you’ve never heard of Lancome’s Miracle Cushion, it’s basically a sponge that’s been pre-soaked in base and you use a faffy little sponge thing, which I
My second little glow-giver is the “Beach Bunny” bronzer from Too Faced. It works along the same vein, I suppose, as Bobbi Brown’s

Many of you will know that I make videos for the brilliant
For my
I don’t want to spoil the video, but I’ve included a few little teaser photos just so you know what you’re in for! At the very top we have Chanel’s Rouge Coco in “Arthur” and below it, an incredibly good dupe, Max Factor’s “Ruby Tuesday”. (Actually it can’t be a dupe, because Ruby Tuesday has been about for aeons whereas Arthur is brand new, but you get where I’m coming from. Both are great, vibrant long lasting lipsticks.) Here’s my top pick for the coral contingency:
LOLA Cosmetics’ “Minx” – an opaque, matte neon-peach. There’s a more sheer and wearable alternative for that one, too, if you watch the vid – and then a luxury nude lipstick with an affordable twin. The video is below, but if you’d like to click through and subscribe to the
*this post is sponsored as part of my work with the
I managed to film a video! That’s something of a milestone for me, because although it has only been six weeks since Baby AMR arrived, I’ve felt a bit like my previous life was completely lost to me and I’d never again have the time to do anything other than sleep, change nappies and take washing in and out of the washing machine. But with a bit of organisation and some very hurried, haphazard makeup application, I managed to get my July Beauty Favourites down on film.
As I explain in the vid, my beauty “stash” is now down to the bare minimum – I’ve been without a fixed abode since the very start of March and my belongings have been whittled down to the absolute essentials. Which is quite good, in a way, because it means that this month’s favourites are really really
Have a watch – spoiler in the photograph above (sorry) and in the links below the video pane, if you can’t be arsed to watch me waffle on. Though I do sing a little ditty in the intro, so…
I do rather like the new Chanel Les Beiges
Chanel’s
The three Sheer Colour Stick shades are universally flattering – buildable and surprisingly pigmented so that they can be sheered out on paler skin and provide a more vibrant finish on darker. The texture is non-greasy but easy to smooth on, the colour lasts well and the sticks can be dabbed onto lips, beneath or on top of lip balm, as well as onto cheeks.
Here I am wearing shade 22, a punchy coral:
I actually tried this alongside four other cream blushers in a similar shade (I’ll try and write that post up soon) and out of all of them (Clinique, Makeup Forever, Topshop and another I can’t recall) the Chanel had the most pigment and the best staying power. That’s not to say that the others were duds, by any means (though I couldn’t manage to get very much colour pay-off from Clinique’s one!) just that the Healthy Glow Sheer Colour Stick seemed to cling on where the others faded.
In the photograph below I’m wearing shade 20 which is your “classic” kind of creamy bronze – if you like Chanel’s
…though you do get over three times the amount of product in the Bronzing Makeup Base for exactly the same price – it’s still one of my must-have summer products because you only really need to buy it once every five years! (Find it online
I’ll get back to you with the Cream Blush comparison post – I just need to take some pictures of my face, so I’m waiting for a moment when I’ve had more than three minutes of sleep and don’t have eyebags hanging down to the floor.
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Sheer Colour Sticks are £32 each at
I think that Marni
I wrote the following “review” when I was heavily pregnant and I thought that I’d leave it rambling and unedited, just for kicks. To be honest, most of my unedited writing looks like the below – full of reminders and odd thoughts – but during pregnancy I completely lost my short-term memory and had to get everything committed to paper before it disappeared from my mind. I’m not sure that my memory has actually returned, yet, or whether it ever will – my iPhone has hundreds of pages of notes on it at the moment. Lists for shopping, lists of things I need to remember to write about, lists of lists…
“Marni Spice. Remember to say that I like the rose one a lot! The one in the scary doll bottle that loads of people hated the look of! Marni Spice: reminds me of Ginger Beer mixed with sexy man. But think of all of the different ways that you could
[Oh my God. Stay with me people – I told you this was going to be bizarre. Welcome to my mind…]
“Marni Spice isn’t your cool and sparkly kind of Ginger Beer, tinkling with ice and fizzing its bubbles as you sit in a quaint Olde Worlde pub garden; Marni Spice is an exotic, full-bodied Ginger Beer with musky undertones and a sophisticated kind of warmth.”
[When did I start writing M&S adverts?]
“But it’s not that hot, mulled wine kind of spicy warmth either – there’s no cheap “mixed herbs” aroma here, none of that weird, acrid cinnamon-bun smell that you can so often find lingering around when a fragrance has been unimaginatively put together. There’s a beautiful peppery note that opens Marni’s
“If I had to describe Marni Spice as an experience, it would be sitting on the rooftop of one of those trendy boutique riads on a hot Marrakech evening, sipping a wonderful gingery, sparkly cocktail with a slice of lemon, watching the sun go down over the city. But not that riad that I stayed in that didn’t have a working shower or locks on the bedroom doors. And there was a dead cat outside the door!”
You can find Marni Spice at
My skin, post-pregnancy, is still not back to its robust self. Whereas once upon a time it could withstand the skincare equivalent of armageddon, surviving multiple applications of acid peel and manual exfoliations that required safety goggles, it now shrivels with fear when I even wave a bottle of
Power masks for instant results…
So: three power face masks for finickity skin that doesn’t enjoy being put through the mill. The first is a power-hydrator: the
Stepping things up a gear, Michael Todd’s
More face mask reviews…
Stepping things up even more, Charlotte Tilbury’s
If you’re looking for an exfoliating face mask for sensitive skin then do also read my

Three luxurious body oils that each transported me, if I closed my eyes tightly, straight into the world’s most peaceful and nice-smelling spa. I’m all about transporting myself places at the moment – tropical beaches, quiet, dimly lit rooms with comfortable beds…
First on the luxe list: ESPA’s
Elemis
New kid on the block: Decleor’s
More body treatments…
*I’m so sorry: this post was supposed to go out weeks ago but I made an error with my scheduling. You may well have already seen the video, in which case I send my apologies, but if you haven’t then hurrah for you!
My five favourite nude lipsticks of the moment. Obviously subject to change, but I’d say that these cover all bases in terms of tone and are good “classic” options. I don’t want to spoil the video, but of course you can scroll to the bottom of the page and retrieve the product list if you so wish. The shade pictured above is supposed to be
Oh dear. Anyway, I’ve picked out a nice selection, I think – posh
I had a little phase of being
The Bio-essence
I loved NUDE’s
Still my favourite, though, is the Kiehl’s
Since the end of February my beauty stash has been gradually whittled down from the twenty-three crates that I had stowed in my filming-stroke-storage room to one solitary toiletries bag, containing mostly trial samples and travel versions of my favourite products. I am now nearly at the end of my enforced house-hopping (just waiting on a few more windows to go in and a working kitchen and then my
But some of the most space-saving products have been the ones in the photograph above: highly-potent and effective cosmetics and skin treats that can be added drop-by-drop to your usual beauty products to provide completely custom-made textures and finishes.
The first is Clarins’
Then there’s the Odacité
Lastly, the Custom Cover Drops from Cover FX – I’ve only just reviewed these, but I think that they are great, once you get used to the amounts needed for various finishes, and a real space-saver. I’m still experimenting with the different mixers (moisturiser, SPF, face serums) but I will try and get it down on video when I’m back into the swing of things. You can read my full review
Any more customisable beauty products that you’d add to the list? Let me know in the comments – which I am reading, by the way, even if I’m very slow on answering any!
I’m developing an aversion to washing my face over the sink. I think it’s because that (for the past few months) the sink has never been
The creamy cleansing lotion that’s won me over:
Browse all cleanser recommendations…
This is a sumptuous type of creamy cleanser, so not one of those wishy-washy lotions – you can get a good massage in before removing with cotton wool and (because it’s after wipe-offs that I always use some kind of water or tonic) sweeping with a toner. Or you can use as a flannel-off/Clarisonic-off/rinse-off cream – it’s easily robust enough and “gives good slip”, which makes it a nice multi-purpose cleanser if you’re looking for something flexible to pack in your holiday toiletries bag. Or, if you move house about seventy times a month, like me, it’s a good one to cart about with you so that you don’t need loads of different product. My skin has been on the dry side throughout pregnancy (it’s starting to get a little oilier now) and this felt comfortable where a few other cleansers left things a little taut, so a nice cleanser for dry skin or faces that are feeling a little fraught.
Find it on Balance Me’s website
Some gorgeously fresh and uplifting summer smells; I’ve put these items into a special box that I’m travelling about with (alongside my
The first item is from LAFCO and is a
Read more fragrance reviews…
Next, Jo Malone’s
Lastly there’s
If you like the sound of Carven Le Parfum, see also Jo Malone’s Osmanthus Blossom…
Your own favourite fresh summer smells? Let me know in the comments below!
I look forward to any new launch from Dr Marko Lens’ brand
I always tend to go off on some kind of love-fest when I talk about Dr Marko so I’ll cut to the chase and get straight to the serums!
So the antioxidant serum: helps to protect against free radicals that attack the skin. Think stress, alcohol, smoking, air pollutants. I’m not going to delve too deeply into the science, here, because last time it gave me a right headache. If you want to read my shockingly bad pub/antioxidant analogy then do read this:
At which point, in my head, I’m usually going “yeah, yeah,
As well as some familiar ingredients – Vitamin E and stable Vitamin C, Squalene, Hyaluronic Acid, Coenzyme Q10 and Green Tea – the formula is packed full of potent actives that address inflammation and strengthen the skin’s barrier as well as providing antioxidant protection. Superoxide Dismutase, Alpha-Lipoic Acid, Pycnogenol (me neither!) and TriPeptide-1 to boost collagen, and sesame protein to provide an instant tightening effect. The actual
You’ve probably guessed that this serum doesn’t come cheap (but if you’ve used Zelens before you’ll know that this is high-end, hi-tech stuff) – it’s priced at £125. Oil-free, suitable for all skin types, use it after cleansing and before your moisturiser. (Add an SPF if you’re waiting for your dog to de-constipate / sitting outside wasting time on Twitter.) You can find Zelens Intense Defence Antioxidant Serum online

If you use your Chanel Les Beiges powders on a near-daily basis (I do) then you will most likely want to snap up one of the new, limited edition
If you haven’t yet been initiated into the wonderful world of
There are those who would say “why bother?” and there are others who feel as though a natural daytime makeup look is unfinished without a quick sweep of Les Beiges to perfect and blur and add glow. For the “why bother?” people,
(apologies for lack of eye makeup here – I was in proper testing mode and hadn’t yet got to the mascara stage!) and shade 02, below is really a lovely fair-to-medium bronzer. But one with the softest finish – it’s utterly foolproof.
I haven’t really gone to town with it but you can see how it adds a warmth to the skin without looking too orange. Die-hard Les Beiges users might argue that you could simply use a darker shade of the standard powder (I use shade 30 as a kind of contouring bronzer, shade 10 as my skin-match powder) but there’s a multi-tonal quality to the
You can find Chanel Les Beiges Marinière Powders online
I could have called this post “sappy-looking, stylish hair care that I thought would be rubbish but actually turned out to be really good”, but I didn’t. I thought that it might be a little rude of me. Because it all looks very smart, actually, doesn’t it? Smart and clean and the kind of hair care that won’t make your scalp fall apart or dye your bathtub blue when it leaks or make your hair smell of “candy floss” or “peach melba” or “strawberry bubbles”.
I have a love-hate relationship with these kinds of products – SLS-free, natural extracts of this-and-that, shampoos that don’t lather, conditioners that don’t detangle – because part of me thinks that the best my hair ever feels and behaves is after I’ve used the cheapest, most synthetic of products. A clear, SLS-based shampoo followed by a conditioner that’s so loaded with silicones and slippery agents I can hardly put the lid back on the bottle after I’ve got the stuff on my hands. But I say
So, to cut a long story short, I like to use a mixture of some cheapy stuff (occasionally and also – ironically – just before an event or important occasion!) and some posh/”no nasties” stuff, with a default core routine of Philip Kingsley’s
The Sans(ceuticals) Balancing Hair Wash and Hydratant (find them at Brummels of London
The Grown Alchemist Damask Rose, Black Pepper and Sage Shampoo (£16 at
So there you go – don’t judge a book by its cover, lesson learned, etc etc. Stylish-looking hair care that does a great job. Of course there are cheaper brands who do SLS-free shampoos and so on, and I shall get to those because so many of you ask for ingredient-savvy hair care recommendations, but I’ve finished all of the above and the empties were taking up room on my desk, so that was round one. Ding ding.

I mentioned this on the “affordable” stretch marks roundup, but I’ll repeat: I know that beauty people are divided in their opinion of stretch mark oils. Or just the use of body oils in general to prevent stretch marks. From my own personal viewpoint, I have no scientific evidence that they work but I kind of think,
Anyway, here are some of the more expensive oils that I’ve been testing – not hideously dear, by any means, but a bit more spendy than your typical pharmacy or supermarket buy. Two of them are dedicated “stretch mark” oils, the rest are just perfect for keeping skin supple and soft. The main difference seems to be in ingredients (such as rosehip) that target regeneration and repair, but let’s take a closer look…
Balance Me
Clarins
Read about the best affordable stretch mark oils…
Mama Mio
Kiehl’s
Pai’s
My designated body parts for testing out dry skin creams are my shins. Without proper care, they go scaly and shiny and weird, and if I wear tights or jeans then the problem escalates and I might even get some itchiness. The latest thick, balm-like body creams for dry skin that meet my approval are below – if you like the butteryness and deep moisturising effect of a balm but the convenience of a tube, then keep reading…
Elizabeth Arden
Clinique
La Roche-Posay
Loving Care Body Balm
If it’s a body
As promised, a more in-depth study of the
Let’s take a little look at the way the
You can see that the resulting face bases are very different – imagine how many versions of the same shade you could make if you got your different creams and potions involved? Rich, hydrating bases; light, fluid, sheer bases and tinted suncreams that are precisely the right tone for your skin. The possibilities are endless! In the next photo I’ve blended in the fuller coverage version all over:
A nice, even finish with excellent coverage. Though – for once – it’s hard to review, because the mix itself is of my own making! In a way, it’s tricky because if the base looks weird, you kind of only have yourself to blame. The drops need to be mixed properly, with a product that’s suitable (regular moisturisers work very well) and you need to make sure you’ve chosen the right shade. Here, I’m wearing N20, but I could probably go a shade in each direction and just about be OK… I do think that it’s the kind of product you might want to try at a counter before you buy – and make sure that you don’t just test the neat pigment, but ask for a bit of primer to mix it in with, and then a bit of moisturiser. Experiment. They’ll be used to it!
Read more foundation reviews…
Cover FX Custom Cover Drops cost £36 from
Oh my God, behave! This mascara from Guerlain is almost too sexy to be legal! I’m a long-term Guerlain Maxi Lash fanatic, so this new version was bound to tickle my fancy, but still: even I was taken aback at just how gorgeous the packaging was. (If you need reminding, the “standard” Maxi Lash looks like
So how does the Guerlain Cils d’Enfer Maxi Lash So Volume differ to the original? I’d say that it gives thicker, bulkier lashes and that the formula has more hold and longevity. Though my Maxi Lash in “Moka” is still one of my favourite everyday mascaras (best brown shade you’ll find, pretty much!) the “So Volume”
After my raving review of Benefit’s
I ordered the Brow Drama Sculpting Brow Mascara from FeelUnique; £4.99, three shades (I went for the palest) and free delivery. You can’t complain about that. (Though I did have some kind of promo code for the delivery, I think it’s usually £10 minimum.) Maybelline’s Brow Mascara promises to give brows a “sleek and structured look” and yes, I think that it
(Fair-coloured brows, little bit messy perhaps, but to be absolutely honest I have no problems with them
After! Can you see a lot of difference? A
Take another look at the Benefit before-and-after:
Left eye (as you look at the screen) done, right eye natural. Now I know I’m doing a weird kind of expression, so ignore that and focus on the depth and thickness of the brow itself. Quite an amazing difference, don’t you think? There’s not actually any real comparison or competition here, because the products are almost entirely different. Like comparing a plumping, scarlet red lip gloss with a slick of lip balm. The
You can find Maybelline Brow Drama
I realised that I’ve featured the Laura Mercier Radiance Foundation Primer in loads of videos but it doesn’t have its own post here on the website. And it deserves one. This is a primer so glowy that – if you’re not careful – you’re in danger of looking rather metallic. Like a robot. Or pearlised, like – er – a pearl. You need only look at the before and after pictures below to see quite how “radiant” we’re talking:
I adore the smell of both Neroli and Orange Blossom – they transport me to a calm, happy place. Ages ago I wrote about Charlotte Stockdale’s collection for Jo Malone, in which she brought to life some of the scents from her travels, scents that were special to her, and I mused over which particular fragrances would be my own special choices. Well: things with Neroli, things with Orange Blossom. I love Rose, and
Closely followed by Orange Blossom. Though often I find it difficult to tell the two apart. Which is
The
More body oil reviews…
Diptyque’s
The
More pregnancy beauty…
Queen of Hungary Mist
More orange blossom scented things…

Well this was twenty-four quid well spent; the
I was never convinced by the “Ped Egg” or any of these cheese grater-style foot files; in fact, when I attended the Margaret Dabbs Clinic (post
If you’re getting the impression that I’m rather lazy when it comes to foot care then you’d be right: that’s why the Micro Pedi is one of my best Amazon purchases ever. A whizz over hard skin once or twice a week keeps my feet smooth and soft (don’t remove too much at once, you need some kind of hoof unless you only ever stroll on sandy beaches or bouncy castles) and the whole process takes approximately thirty seconds. Switch it on (you need batteries but they last for ages – I use rechargeable) and simply run the filing roller over the hard skin, being careful to keep the roller moving and not keep it one place for too long. You don’t want to set your feet on fire! There are different rollers that fit into the handle so you can give your feet an “extreme” makeover (
Since I bought my Micro Pedi they have introduced a “
Your own “perfect feet” tips? Any particular creams or lotions? I really want to try those treatments that peel off your whole lot of foot skin at once, they sound both gross and brilliant. And I do very much like the
PS: apologies for the dead skin in the photos. I should really have ordered a new roller for the picture, but I’m about to give birth and so thought I’d just make do with what I had. It’s not even
Three juicy tinted lip balms for you – two rather posh and expensive ones and then a high street challenger with the most sumptuous and buttery texture. Tinted lip balm is a great way of wearing colour if you hate the maintenance of a true lipstick or want something more sheer and subtle. If you have thin lips, they can also help to make them look a little fuller, and if you have dry lips then the rich formulas are a bit more comfortable than your traditional lipstick.
Chanel Rouge Coco Shine isn’t
Max Factor’s Colour Intensifying Balms are a great option if you like to customise your colour. You can leave it at one coat, which has a sheer, plumping effect, or layer it up for a more intense (as the name suggests!) hit. My favourite is
Dior Baume is another plumptious number; I’m pretty sure I’ve written about this before but I can’t find the post for some reason. My favourite shade is
This video was originally entitled “Pregnancy Skincare Habits I’m Keeping!” but it was all a bit sensational and you know how I like to stay low-key… So we’re onto
You’ll notice that there’s a general gravitation towards more organic products and formulas that are perhaps more gentle and simple; this has been a subconscious decision, I feel, because there was never a moment when I thought
You can watch the video
I was sold on the
Pre-testing, I did think that the whole “primer and lipstick in one” claim would be a bit of a gimmick, but the formula is properly smoothing, as though you’ve already applied a good, matte lipbalm underneath that’s helping everything to look that much more polished. The colour seems to skim over dry or mildly flaky patches and it’s buttery and moisturising without the slightest bit of sliding about.
A few of my favourite shades for you… Here I am before and after applying shade 04, which is called
To me, this is the most perfect pinky-nude – it’s opaque but not chalky-matte, it has a modern sheen without looking gloopy or patent.
Some may prefer a more “my lips but better” kind of nude, like the one shown below. This one (shade 01) is called
I wanted to show you
As it stands, you’ll have to make do with me wearing my favourite bright-bright shade from the Lip Pop collection,
If you’re looking for an easy-to-wear red then this is it. It doesn’t bleed into fine lines around the mouth, it doesn’t make your teeth look yellow and, with its little bit of juicy sheen, it helps to make thin lips look a teeny bit fuller. Which is a bonus.
Also a bonus: the £16 price tag. For a lipstick with a faultless finish, I’d say that’s pretty good value for money. Find all of the shades at Boots.com
OK look, this is probably the last of these funny little “summer beauty products” posts now; I had fun doing my colour-coded still life pictures but it’s getting beyond a joke! I must stop! Though I have to say I’m particularly proud of this one – I can tell you that bright yellows and blues aren’t the easiest colours to match packaging to. And then it has to be products that you’re actually
Read Summer Beauty Products: Part 1 of About 3,245!
Let’s get started. The bag, incidentally, is from the Laura Bailey collection at
Pai
Moving to the right (I didn’t plan my close-ups very well and so everything is out of sync, sorry!) we have the
The number of raving reviews I’ve seen for Tom Ford’s
L’Occitane
Read Summer Beauty Products: Part 2 of About 3,245!
Weleda Foot Balm: read my full review

I don’t mind telling you that this blush and I got off to a bit of a rocky start. I applied it all over my face like a maniac, thinking that I’d given myself a “healthy glow” when in fact I’d turned myself orange. (Cue Mr AMR “what have you done to your
When I got to grips with the
I like this glow! It’s certainly very summery and yes, I can see how it would enhance a tan. Possibly the
You can find the Dior Tie Dye Blush / Tan Enhancing Powder at Escentual.com
There’s a bit of a bronzer review “run” at the moment, so do bear with me! I wanted to get them all tested out so that I was ready for the summer – you saw the Guerlain ones yesterday, and there are still a few more to go. Unless Baby AMR emerges before the end of the week, in which case
Although I’m very partial to a fairer bronzer for a more subtle, daytime look, nothing beats a deep, full-on St Tropez hue for really getting into the summer spirit! This KIKO bronzer is part of the
The packaging is actually quite excellent because there are no edges containing the bronzing powder, so you can use a massive brush, if you fancy it, to sweep the powder over legs and arms and chest. It all just feels very usable. As for the shade itself,
Face after one incredibly light application:
You could easily go cray-cray with this stuff and make yourself look like someone who got lost in the Sahara and managed to limp their way back to civilisation, but if you haven’t yet developed your “summer skin” (bit of a sunkissed glow, whether it’s natural or faked) then you’re wise to take it easy. You don’t want to end up with dark pools of bronze that are in stark contrast to your paler, unadorned skin. There’s another shade option for this powder but I’m afraid I haven’t tried it – I’m not sure whether it’s lighter or has a different undertone, but it looks equally as lovely!
Read more bronzer and face powder reviews…
You can find KIKO’s Maxi Bronzer online
Bronzer with a “rugged” outer shell? I can get on board with that. Because I do tend to throw my handbag about with gay abandon half the time, accidentally swinging it into brick walls and standing on it and squashing it into impossible spaces in the overhead locker on the aeroplane. Bronzers and powder compacts do not fare well with that kind of treatment – my Chanel Les Beiges powder, for example, lies in around fifty-five small pieces within the casing so that I have to sweep my brush around slowly and carefully in an effort to stop them all from falling out, rather like when those bronzing beads had a bit of a moment a decade or so ago. Makeup powders do not like to be bashed. And so behold:
Yes, these
The Turquoise Case houses the classic “Natural Blondes” shade, which is by no means limited to blondes, and the bright pink contains “Natural Brunettes”. Again, not limited to brunettes. You can see, hopefully, that the Blondes shade is slightly warmer than the Brunettes – both pack quite a punch and are not for the ultra-fair or those in search of a subtle bit of flush. (Try
When I say “budget” I suppose I mean “more affordable than the really swanky ones”. Because you can get all sorts of different body oils aimed at stretch mark prevention – many of them quite plain, verging on being overpriced carrier oils, some of them blended with high-quality pregnancy-safe essential oils, some of them (shamefully!) just cheap old oil with some artificial fragrance bunged in. I’ve tested out loads now, all of them at different price points and with different ingredients, and the four shown on this page are my favourites from the non-luxury (around a tenner) category. Of course, if you want to go really affordable then you could follow my Mum’s lead and just buy a bottle of Almond Oil – you can find it for under a fiver at
Weleda Stretch Mark Massage Oil: £12.76 with free delivery
M&S Pure Mum to Be StretchMark Oil:
Read more body oil reviews…
Burt’s Bees Mama Bee Nourishing Body Oil: £11 or £9.99 with free delivery at
Mustela Stretch Marks Care Oil – you can read the full review on this one
Read about cooling leg and foot creams…
A note on stretch marks and stretch mark prevention: people seem to be quite divided on whether stretch marks are genetic and if oils and treatments can help. Personally, I wasn’t ever prepared to risk it. It’s not as though massaging on some oil every night is that much of an effort – I actually find it to be very enjoyable and relaxing! My Mum had no stretch marks, but she oiled herself daily (always has done, still does) and swears that’s why her skin is so good and supple. For me, even if there was no chance in the world I would ever get stretch marks, or indeed, even if whatever I did was going to be of no use at all against the hand of genetic fate – I would use some kind of body oil after bathing or showering. It’s a lovely habit to get into. And another sidenote: my sister didn’t get any stretch marks at all on her tummy, back or legs. All of the places she oiled regularly. She didn’t however, oil around her bust. Can you guess where she had stretch marks appear? Coincidence? I’m tempted to think
I mentioned Philosophy’s
Read more moisturiser reviews…
I’ve had no problems whatsoever – not even the telltale redness around the nose, which is usually where any sensitivities seem to reveal themselves on my face! I’m really pleased with this one. It’s not the richest or most hydrating cream in the world, but then that’s not its main agenda; I see it as more of a light hydrator that focuses on gentle acid exfoliation. I’ve been using it on days when I’ve been indoors for the majority of the time; make sure you follow up with a good SPF if you’re going to be gadding around outside. (Loads of SPF recommendations
You can find Philosophy’s Renewed Hope In A Jar online
Read more acid exfoliant reviews here…
There are some real product raves in this month’s video roundup, but if you’re an avid reader here on
But there are some new entries into the beauty charts, too, so do have a watch. Even if it’s just to see my makeup, which I was pretty pleased with. (All explained in the video.) And there’s a rather exemplary face mask from
So please click play, enjoy, share, comment, do what it is you like to do! I’m on unofficial maternity leave now (she says, typing at a million miles an hour whilst simultaneously paying bills and reading about breastfeeding) so do excuse me if your lovely comments go unanswered for the time being. Rest assured that I do read them all, it’s just another matter entirely sitting down to reply!
I will readily admit that I’ve gone a bit gah-gah for the idea of summer; I can’t wait to sit in my garden (if I ever get
I digress: look at the sexy summer beauty products I’ve pulled together! Those bronzey, golden tones… Let’s see what’s taking my fancy. There’s a “first part” to this post with blue and pink products (got a thing about packaging colours at the moment) and so if you want to read that first,
Kicking off with a brilliant, brilliant face serum that I started testing pre-pregnancy and can’t wait to get back to. (It’s somewhere in my huge shipping container!) The Elizabeth Arden Ceramide Capsules each contain a dose of serum that’s packed full of ingredients that help to retexturise the skin, reduce the appearance of fine lines and improve the skin’s barrier function. It has a non-irritating form of Vitamin A that didn’t make my skin red or flaky and smoothing results were almost instant. Not cheap, at around a pound a capsule, but you can save a
I’m really looking forward to testing out Institut Esthederm’s new
Moving over:
Estée Lauder’s Bronze Goddess perfume: an absolute classic. I know that “holiday in a bottle” is now something of a cliché, but in this case it’s absolutely true. Lauder should really have the trademark on that phrase, because never has a scent been so aptly described. Coconutty, tropical, heady, the smell of suntan lotion and warm sand. You can find it online
A beautiful nude nail polish from Michael Kors – “Blush” is a bit paler than your average nude, but looks great against sunkissed skin. It needs a couple of coats to get a good, “patent Louboutin courts” kind of finish, and I had to go in with one of those neatening-up pens because I coloured over the lines, but the final result is very chic. £15.50 online
Peeking out behind the polish:
That sexy little compact is from the forthcoming Charlotte Tilbury x Norman Parkinson collection and it’s the
It’s a creamy powder with quite good pay-off, a nice warm tone that doesn’t look too “snail trail” on the cheekbones. Coming soon at
That’s me all summered-out now, beauty-wise – I’m off to look at large sunhats and sandals and to lust over the colour-block dress on
I’ve done some preliminary research into cooling foot creams and gels before – you may remember last summer, when I praised the benefits of Weleda’s
And not exclusively for pregnant limbs, obviously –
Decleor Circulagel Refreshing Leg Gel
Maternelle Reviving Leg and Foot Gel
Burt’s Bees Leg & Foot Cream
Mama Mio Lucky Legs
A last-minute addition; the

Those searching for beautifully simple facial oils, look no further; the below are just about as unadorned as facial oils get. If you find that you’re sensitive to essential oils, or just prefer a more purist approach to your skincare regime, then the three I’ve picked out are a great place to start. Two of them (the Argan and the Rosehip) have nothing in them apart from what’s in the title – the third, Weleda’s Almond Soothing Facial Oil has a tiny touch of blackthorn and plum oil but it’s still incredibly simple. If you’re looking for sensitive skin care and want a “starter” oil to see how you get on, then take a look at these…
A nice little hair video to finish off the week. I did a roundup of my most-used hair products – shampoos, hair masques, conditioners and so on – because people are always asking and I don’t often delve into the world of hair on my Youtube channel. Perhaps because I don’t really
So it’s all about the grooming and keeping things swishy, for me. Hair products for natural hair – things that you can just bung in and leave. No tools required.
Some summer beauty products for you. I’ve done loads of these posts as I got a bit carried away doing still life photographs! In this one there’s a brilliant body moisturiser, a couple of very lightweight face hydrators and some other bits and bobs that have grabbed my interest. Can you tell that I’ve become preoccupied with organising my products according to packaging colours? It’s a terrible habit – I have dozens of still life compositions waiting in my drafts folder, but some of the product combinations are just too random to publish!
So, from left to right: Kate Somerville’s
A bright pink gloss from Urban Decay –
The Bio-Essence
You can just about see La Roche-Posay’s
Next batch: the very summery edition of the
What’s this little funny-looking gadget, you ask? It’s the new Gillette Venus “Snap”, a portable razor. Same razor heads, little handle. It’s actually very ergonomic – I think that I almost prefer it to the traditional handle. You can find that online
And last, but most definitely not least (how very

I’ve been playing about with the Chanel Summer 2015 Makeup Collection – Méditerranée – and am completely head over heels with pretty much all of it. But especially – and this was something of a surprise to me – the “Stylo” eyeshadows, which are basically very lightweight cream eyeshadows in a stick. I have a love-hate relationship with cream eyeshadows because although they look glam on the lids and usually have the most intense (often metallic) shine, they can be a bit messy to apply and blend. Especially if you’re the kind of person (me) who just jams their finger into the pot and hopes for the best.
Not so with Chanel’s little eyeshadow numbers; you just take the lid off and scribble. If you
I used the gorgeous
I didn’t blend
I’m also rather enamoured with the
I’m wearing the
You can find the whole collection of Chanel Makeup Summer 2015 at House of Fraser
I promised a full review on this foundation and then promptly forgot about it. Not because I haven’t
Bobbi Brown would disagree with this, I’m sure, because actually there’s a fair whack of sales-speak that goes with this foundation; there are skincare benefits (added antioxidants and certain algaes that are said to help reduce skin inflammation, to name just a couple) and there’s a whacking great SPF40 built in to the formula. Actually very impressive, but I’m the type of person who likes to keep my skincare and makeup benefits more or less separated and so added skincare perks in foundations tend to pass me by!
If, however, you like to know that your foundation has it all going on, then this is an excellent place to start – I’m not quite sure how it would work as a serum when you’re applying it last in your skin/makeup routine, but the hulking SPF40 is definitely a bonus, so long as you’re applying enough product. Either way, this is a smooth, silky, moisturising foundation that has a light, fresh feel.
Here I am
Ta-dah! Here I am after one quick application. I use shade 3.25 “cool beige” which (ironically) warms my skin up a little and gives it the faintest touch of that wonderful, healthy-looking apricot tone. If you’re a fan of illuminating primers then I can safely say that you do
I have one gripe with this foundation, and that’s the packaging. It’s borderline ridiculous, which is such a shame: a glass bottle (lovely, very chic) but then this weird dropper inside that simply doesn’t work. It deposits product all over the neck of the bottle and it’s difficult to get it to drop the right amount onto the back of your hand. (And you
And, you know, I’ve still been using it loads, so the product inside is definitely brilliant enough to overcome my gripes! If you have normal-to-dryish skin and you want a buildable, blendable foundation with a gorgeous sheen, that comes in loads of different shades, give this one a try. You can find the Bobbi Brown Intensive Skin Serum Foundation at John Lewis
Two fruity little fig numbers for those of you who don’t like their fig scents too “green” and woody. Personally, I’m
Diptyque’s Philosykos is one of my favourites…
Anyway, not everyone is drawn to the sharp greenness or woodiness of a typical fig fragrance and for those who long for something sweeter, fruitier and fuller, I present Roger & Gallet’s
Read more fig-scented fragrance reviews…
You can find Roger & Gallet’s
l’Occitane’s
Brace yourselves against the sheer force of my positive vibes here, because this little face mask is a bit of a blinder. (Not literally, that would be terrible! I haven’t actually put it in my eyes, so I can’t be 100% certain, but I’m pretty sure it wouldn’t make you go blind. There’d be uproar. Anyway, I digress…)
When I first saw the Charlotte Tilbury
More face mask reviews…
Not so with the
So, the mask. There’s more claiming on the back of the tube: “for the rebirth of your skin – it’s a miracle! Skin texture appears visibly healed, hydrated and rejuvenated. Skin feels smoother, firmer and plumper.” Just about everything ticked off there, then. But do you know? I rinsed this mask off after ten minutes and my skin was weirdly,
Another thing to note: to me, this mask smells of tuberose. It could be my sense of smell being slightly skewed, so can anyone who’s tried this please let me know if they think the same? If so, what an utterly
Additional bonus points for the easy-to-transport tube packaging – no cumbersome pots here – and the fact that you’re directed to only use a thin layer. This mask would last you an absolute age. Top marks to Tilbury on the
A few weeks ago I filmed the new NARS Christopher Kane collection for
My top pick, though, was the
Here I am wearing primer and base (primer is Laura Mercier’s
And here I am after application. The results are very subtle, admittedly, but where the natural face shadows are present in the “before” picture, there’s more of a warmth and a glow to the same areas in the “after”.
Silent Nude
If you fancy giving NARS Silent Nude Blush a try, you can find it at

It’s the
For those of you who have wanted to try Sunday Riley’s face-transforming
I’m really into my minis at the moment (even more than usual!) because I’m living from a suitcase and have had to whittle my beauty product stash down to a ridiculous bare minimum. I’m quite enjoying trying lots of new things, though; filling my makeup bag with little travel sizes and working my way through them. One area I’m particularly lacking in is haircare (I misjudged how much I’d need to take with me during my holiday-let-hopping period) and so I’m particularly pleased about these:
I loved the
As usual, the Space NK goody bag is free with any order over £150 – no need for a code, it will automatically be added to your order once you’ve reached the threshold. The goody bag
Shop at Space NK…
My suggestions for a shopping list if you’re stuck for ideas? Laura Mercier’s amazing
View the full list of products in the Space NK goody bag…

