With added vitamins A and E, this heavenly-smelling oil revives and restores dry, split cuticles.
Lippy: British slang for someone who makes impertinent or cheeky remarks. Introducing a range of long-wearing, lacquer-like lip glosses in shades to match the famous butter LONDON nail lacquers. From the punchy fuchsia pink of Primrose Hill to the true nude of Yummy Mummy, a hue to complement any look. All butter LONDON products are free of formaldehyde, bismuth, toluene, sulphates, DBP, parabens, synthetic fragrances.
Lock your lacquer. butter LONDON's quick-dry, ultra-glossy topcoat protects your lacquer, extending the life of your manicure.
Reap what you sow. butter LONDON's Nail Fertilizer harnesses horsetail—a powerful herb rich in nutrients, high in silica and proven to grow nails. Incredible results in just one month.
Kitten Heels, our miraculous Powder Finish Foot Creme, instantly hydrates, yet leaves a soft, powder finish to help keep your feet dry and silky.
Created by butter LONDON's very own Nonie Creme at New York Fashion Week, Matte Finish™ has become the talk of the season! Create a new look for every lacquer using this shine-free topcoat. Turns any color matte, flat and utterly beautiful.
Out with the old, as they say. Melt Away breaks down and softens dead skin cells for gentle cuticle removal, eliminating the need to nip.
The butter LONDON Nail File is made from a soft 180 grit that ensures nails are snag-free and never damaged. The unique shape is ergonomically designed to fit the curve of your natural nail, making shaping easy peasy and perfect every time. This is a handbag essential!
Makeup for your nails. This silk-finish, stain-resistant, non-toxic basecoat provides the perfect foundation for butter LONDON 3 Free Lacquer. Matte results so beautiful, you can wear it alone.
butter LONDON is a 3 Free company. Our nail lacquer and lip gloss contain NO Formaldehyde, NO Toluene, NO DBP, and NEVER have.
Removing your lacquer color may be a pain, but it doesn't have to stink with butter LONDON's lacquer remover. Powder Room Acetone Free Lacquer Remover gently removes all traces of nail lacquer from your nails while leaving behind a soft, powdery scent, turning a tough job into a small job.
Hard skin simply melts away! Rock Off Glycolic Callus Peel removes calluses with an easy rollerball application and contains acids commonly used in skin care to exfoliate the surface of the skin. Key ingredients: - Glycolic acid is one of the most effective alpha-hydroxy acids. It exfoliates the top layer of skin exposing the new, soft layer of skin. - Salicylic acid, a beta hydroxy acid, has the ability to penetrate the skin to exfoliate inside the pores.
This coconut mango scent packs a punch! This Acetone-free Lacquer Remover gently removes all traces of lacquer from your nails and has a fruity, tropical scent.
Stiletto Stick is a hydrating balm to soften and smooth your heels without leaving an oily feel on the skin. Dry, cracked areas will fade away, offering instant relief that keeps heels soft with continued use.
Ideal for applying shadow in the corner, in the crease or all over the lid. It is especially handy for contouring and smudging. Designed to be used with all Bobbi Brown powder eye shadow formulas.
This lightweight body moisturizer contains a soothing and hydrating blend of Aloe Vera and Olive, Jojoba and Sunflower Oils. beach Body Lotion helps reduce peeling and prolong the life of your tan. 
A unique, moisturizing body oil that gives skin a sultry sheen as it scents with beach Fragrance. Contains four essential oils (Olive, Sesame, Avocado and Jojoba) and Vitamins E and C to soften and nourish skin.
Great for smoothing skin before hitting the beach — Bobbi's emollient body exfoliator is lightly scented withbeach Fragrance. Contains Orange Peel and Pumice to gently, yet effectively, help remove rough surface skin. Shea Butter and nourishing essential oils infuse skin with moisture. beach Body Scrub leaves skin feeling soft, smooth and hydrated.
This moisturizing body cleanser is specially formulated with Pacific Sea Kelp Extract to soften skin as it cleanses.beach Shower Gel is lightly scented with beachFragrance. 
Silky formula glides on smoothly and offers a matte finish with long-lasting wear.
This all-over powder instantly illuminates and gives skin a healthy-looking glow. It's infused with a skin brightening blend of Mulberry, Grape and Scutellaria Extracts, as well as Sodium Hyaluronate to help keep skin fresh and smooth looking. Palette includes a mirror for perfect application.
Bobbi has sized up all her glosses to give you an extra dose of shine. This sheer, reflective formula wakes up your face and helps create the illusion of fuller lips, plus the new tapered applicator lets you apply it like a pro. Wear alone or on top of your favorite Bobbi Brown lipstick.
Our must-have Bronzer Brush now features luxuriously soft bristles and a more rounded brush head to provide smoother, more even application of bronzer. Perfect for use with our popular Illuminating Bronzing Powder and Bronzing Powder.
This soft matte, silky-smooth bronzer instantly gives skin the look of a natural tan. Bobbi suggests using Bronzing Powder year round to get a sun-kissed look.
This alcohol free spray formula is designed to clean brushes instantly between makeup applications. Quick drying and gentle enough to be used on both natural and synthetic brushes. Ideal for use between brush shampoos.
A true skincare innovation. These luxurious grains can be mixed with any Bobbi Brown cleanser or water to create a fully customized, gentle exfoliator for the face. Comes in a glass bottle with pour top for easy use.
Shaped to reach into the tiniest corners and deposit the perfect amount of Creamy Concealer under eyes. The Concealer Brush can also be used to spot-apply Face Touch Up Stick.
Designed to be used with our Creamy Concealer and Corrector, the Concealer Blending Brush lets you apply product and blend it at the same time. Ideal for covering areas like under-eye circles.
Specifically designed to remove makeup and residue safely without damaging brushes. Take special care of your Bobbi Brown Brushes by cleaning regularly for longer lasting life.
The Cream Shadow Brush is the ideal tool for applying Bobbi's award-winning Metallic Long-Wear Cream Shadow and Long-Wear Cream Shadow formulas. Features a brush head designed to pick up and perfectly apply this shadow.
Creamy Lip Color combines rich color with comfortable, long-lasting wear and a soft, creamy shine. With emollient shea butter and plant-derived skin conditioners, this amazing formula glides on smooth, wears all day, and leaves lips soft and moisturized.
Bobbi's revolutionary new lipstick - Creamy Matte Lip Color combines the look of a classic matte lip with incredible wearability. Creamy and moisturizing, it glides on comfortably and feels light-as-air. Not to mention that it's got staying power, too (it won't budge for 8 hours). 
This clear, high-shine Lip Gloss is the easiest way to instantly enhance lips. Wear alone for a naturally luscious look or layer over your favorite Lip Color and Lip Liner for added brilliance. Comes in an easy-squeeze tube that makes it ideal for home—or on-the-go.
Bobbi's Hydrating Face Cream now comes in a limited edition 100 ml special value size. This rich yet lightweight formula instantly hydrates throughout the day. Skin is smooth and plumped; makeup stays fresh and glowing thanks to a long-lasting cushion of humectants and hydrating ingredients including algae extract.
An everyday essential for lashes. Bobbi Brown Everything Mascara has an innovative, all-in-one formula that lengthens, thickens, and defines - without smearing, smudging or clumping. 
This conditioning cleanser removes all traces of makeup and impurities quickly and completely. Leaves skin with a smooth, cushiony finish, and feeling instantly refreshed. Use daily for dry skin, or as a nighttime treatment when skin needs more hydration.
Do your eyes need something extra? Packed with peptides, natural plant oils and humectants that target fine lines, wrinkles, dark circles, puffiness and dryness, this rich, concentrated cream visibly revives eyes. Use morning and night - warm between fingers, then pat gently around eye area. Once cream is absorbed, follow with Corrector and Creamy Concealer. 
This emollient facial oil provides a concentrated boost of intensive moisture to comfort very dry skin. The lightweight formula absorbs easily, immediately moisturizing, softening, and conditioning skin with an oil blend of Sesame, Sweet Almond, Olive and Jojoba. 
Since sun damage is a key factor in skin aging, this is as an everyday essential for broad-spectrum sun protection. Formulated with the same powerful ingredients as Extra Repair Moisturizing Balm, this multi-tasker also offers anti-aging benefits. Argireline ® Peptide helps to increase skin firmness, while Clary Sage Ferment boosts skin's ability to hold in moisture over time.
TLC for winter-weary complexions. NEW EXTRA Repair Serum is Bobbi's solution for dry or very dry skin. Luxurious and milky, this concentrated repair serum comforts skin as it firms and moisturizes. Anti-aging ingredients like Vitamin C and a powerfulpeptide help reduce the look of fine lines and wrinkles both instantly and over time. Meadowfoam Seed Oilhydrate while Wheat, Bran and Olive Extracts help your skin hold on to moisture. Clary Sage Extracthelps reveal a clearer, more radiant complexion. Layer underneath your favorite EXTRA moisturizer.
A dense, concentrated balm with exotic plant extracts, such as Avocado, Geranium and Rosemary Oils, can be used anywhere extra hydration is needed--on lips, cuticles, even heels. EXTRA Soothing Balm can also be applied lightly over makeup to give cheeks that desired, healthy glow. A little goes a long way.
Extreme Build. Endless Volume. Exceptional Separation. The formula stays flexible, so each coat goes on as fresh as the first—immediately or hours later—without clumping, smudging or flaking.
Expertly blends all Eye Shadow shades together, softening any harsh lines or edges. The Eye Blender Brush can also be used to set concealer using powder from the Creamy Concealer Kit.
Angled brush head expertly shapes and defines natural-looking brows.
The Eye Definer Brush does double-duty: softly lining eyes and filling in and strengthening thin or sparse brows.
For use with dark Eye Shadow shades, the Eye Liner Brush is perfectly shaped to create a precise and even line.
This soothing formula gently and thoroughly removes makeup from the delicate eye area without any oily residue. Aloe Vera calms and comforts this fragile skin; Rosewater Extract leaves it feeling clean and refreshed. 
This silky, matte powder shadow goes on smoothly & blends easily. The densely pigmented formula can be layered and comes in a range of beautiful shades for defining lids and lining eyes. (You can even use it to define your brows.) Comes in a sleek, flip-top compact that can be used individually or popped into an empty Palette (sold separately).
The tapered end of this brush is designed for smudging to create a modern, soft, smoky eye.
Curling your lashes is an instant eye opener. Bobbi's Eyelash Curler gives lashes a natural-looking curl and is designed for use on lashes before applying mascara. Crafted in black metal. Includes one replacement pad.
This short handled brush with a big, fluffy head is ideal for touch-ups with Face Powder, Bronzing Powder, and Blush.
A great multi-purpose brush, ideal for dusting Shimmer Brick Compact on cheekbones for a natural-looking, shimmery glow. The Face Blender Brush can also be used with Sheer Finish Powder, Blush, or Bronzing Powder.
Achieve flawless foundation application with this brush. Creates a polished look with full coverage. Can be used with all our foundation formulas.
Make your lashes go the distance with Bobbi's Gentle Curl Eye Lash Curler. This curler possesses extra cushiony lash pads that gently grip even the smallest lashes for a picture perfect lifted effect.
Bobbi's new lip gloss combines gorgeous, light-catching shimmer with lasting, non-sticky shine. Made with fine pearls and clear pigments, High Shimmer Lip Gloss stays color-true and gives lips beautiful, brilliant dimension. Plus it's enriched with emollients and Vitamins C and E to moisturize, condition and protect lips, so they feel as good as they look. Whether you wear it on its own or on top of your favorite Lip Color, the new tapered applicator lets you apply it like a pro.
This quick-absorbing eye cream delivers naturally-occurring humectants that melt into the skin, leaving the eye area soft, smooth and refreshed for up to 24 hours. A perfect level of emollients imparts a lightweight texture, allowing concealer to glide on evenly - Aloe Vera and Witch Hazel Extract soothe and comfort; Jojoba Seed, Avocado Oil and Squalane condition and revive continuously.
This rich yet lightweight formula instantly hydrates and steadily releases moisture, skin conditioners and nutrients throughout the day. Skin is smooth and plumped; makeup stays fresh and glowing thanks to a long-lasting cushion of humectants and hydrating ingredients - Algae Extract moisturizes and conditions skin; Caffeine soothes skin.
Applied immediately after cleansing, this skin-conditioning tonic begins to restore and balance skin, leaving it soft, soothed and perfectly prepared for the treatment products to follow. Cucumber, Chamomile, Licorice, Aloe Leaf and Lavender soothe and soften skin. Vitamin B5 softens and conditions so skin is prepared for the next treatment step.
This refreshing and lightweight water-based emulsion provides a burst of moisture, leaving skin refreshed, healthy and rejuvenated - and perfectly prepared for a seamless makeup application. Tropical Grass Extract hydrates instantly and increases the skin's natural ability to hold on to moisture. Vitamin E provides anti-oxidant protection against environmental damage.
A luxurious night cream that boosts skin's ability to recharge & rehydrate during its nightly repair process, plumping fine lines and improving tone and texture. Skin looks and feels stronger and healthier. White Birch Extract maintains elastin & promotes the natural repair of environmental damage. Shea Butter, Jojoba, Olive and Sweet Almond & Apricot Oils soften and comfort skin while you sleep. A Protein Activator helps promote natural collagen production. Rice Bran Extract & Apple Extract work to even skin tone. Green Tea & Vitamin E provide antioxidant protection. 
Hydrating Rich Cream Cleanser is formulated with rich emollients and Enriched Mineral Water Blend to cleanse, purify and remove all traces of dirt and makeup without stripping skin of moisture. Avocado Butter and a natural blend of Jojoba, Avocado and Grape Seed Oils gives skin a cushiony, comfortable feel.
This ultra-soft and smooth pressed powder is formulated with a unique and innovative blend of sheer powder and micro pearls. Powder glides on evenly and gives skin a seamless and sheer natural-looking glow.
Bobbi Brown Ink Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.03 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This extra gentle waterproof makeup remover effectively removes long-wearing and waterproof eye and lip makeup, while conditioning lashes. Bobbi Brown Instant Long-Wear Makeup Remover leaves eyes and lips clean and pleasantly refreshed.
Our longest-lasting mascara not only delivers lush, thick lashes but can stand up to the elements (and even a few tears) for up to 16 hours. For maximum volume and results, we've designed a new brush with unique bristles that easily reaches small lashes and instantly builds lashes without clumping. 
An advanced, multi-benefit serum that improves skin's appearance as it helps prevent the visible signs of aging. White Birch Extract reduces the look of fine, dry lines, while Grape Extract helps clarify and brighten the complexion. After just four weeks' use, skin looks firmer, smoother, more even-toned and radiant. Dermatologist-tested. Non-acnegenic.
Bobbi's new gold standard for ultra-long, perfectly separated lashes. The secret? An upgraded good-for-your lashes formula working in perfect synergy with a unique brush. In just one sweep you get noticeably longer lashes & perfect separation. And because it's enriched with olive-derived emollients, Vitamin B and humectants, this long-wearing mascara conditions lashes while staying smudge & flake-free. You'll be lash obsessed.
A unique soap formula with a rich, luxurious lathering action that lifts off makeup and dirt. A Coconut Extract derivative cleanses deeply, yet gently, while Apricot Oil hydrates and cushions skin for an incredibly clean, soft, and refreshed feeling.
Yogi Bare Lip Balm inspired by Bobbi's friendship with baseball legend Yogi Berra. This clear lip balm comforts and moisturizes lips and offers the convenience of a swivel-up stick. A combination of Petrolatum, Candelilla Wax and Beeswax forms a barrier that holds moisture to the skin, while natural oils condition the skin to improve the look and feel of lips.
A rich, full-coverage lipstick with a semi-matte finish that’s enriched with vitamins C and E. The very first product Bobbi created, this classic semi-matte lipstick features a brown basethe secret behind the incredible wearability of all its shades. Whether you want a nude, bright or bold, every shade is instantly flattering, and the vitamin C and E and beeswax-infused formula moisturizes and comforts lips.
Bobbi has sized up all her glosses to give you an extra dose of shine. Lip Gloss is formulated with soothing botanical extracts - including Avocado, Jojoba and Chamomile Oils, and Aloe Extract - to keep lips soft and supple; plus the new tapered applicator lets you apply it like a pro. Scented with a hint of Vanilla.
A naturally flattering way to define lips. Lip Liner is long-wearing and non-drying, applies smoothly and evenly, and helps reduce feathering. Each liner includes a sharpener.
Velvety-smooth formula that goes on easily - and lasts all day without creasing or smearing. Fragrance free. Safe for contact lens wearers. Ophthalmologist tested.
Effortless and high impact-that's the essence of NEW Long-Wear Cream Shadow Stick. This do-it-all formula glides on tug-free and can be used to shade, define, smoke up and highlight eyes. In subtle to eye-popping shades that last for up to 8 hours without creasing, flaking or fading, it's a stroke of genius. Just swipe on and go.
The wait is over: for those who want the benefits of Bobbi's Long-Wear Gel Eyeliner in pencil form, here it is. This richly pigmented formula really goes the distance, staying put for 12 hours. Long-Wear Eye Pencil's densely pigmented formula glides on smoothly, for intense definition that lasts all day, so there's no need to worry about smudging or smearing. Apply in the morning and wear it into the night. Each pencil comes with a complimentary sharpener.
Long-wearing, water-resistant color glides on & let's you get it just right before it dries - then stays without a smear or crease.
Metallic Eye Shadow combines rich, high-pigment color with intense shimmer. Each shade applies smoothly and evenly, and stays crease-free for all-day wear.
Luxe metallics for eyes. Our award-winning formula-infused with sparkle. For a sheer effect, blend on lids with your fingers. For a more dramatic look, add another layer. Or wear on top of your favorite matte cream shadow for soft shimmer. Stays color-true and crease-free all day.
Punctuate your look with long-lasting color for perfectly polished fingers (and toes). Done in rich, matte shades that dry to a lustrous finish, this polish is the ultimate accessory for nails, day and night.
Cream-gel formula effortlessly defines and fills in brows, while controlling and shaping them. Now features a new, shorter brush for more definition.
This long-wearing, waterproof mascara defines, curls and lengthens lashes without smudging, clumping or flaking. Buildable formula creates natural to dramatic looks depending on how many coats are applied. 
Our best-selling, multi-tasking cream color just got even better. It's now in a mirrored flip-top compact for on-the-spot application. Blend it on the apples of your cheeks for a just-pinched look. Blot it on your lips for a soft, stained finish.For drier skins, be sure to moisturize skin first.
Luxurious brush designed to use with Face Powder and Sheer Finish Loose Powder. Dusts just the right amount of powder on skin for an even and polished, yet natural look. 
This lightweight, moisturizing lotion hydrates as Anti-Oxidant Vitamin E aids in fighting skin-damaging free radicals; Chamomile calms and soothes. Formulated to absorb quickly, and leave skin smooth and prepared for even, long-lasting makeup application. Dermatologist-tested.
Bobbi's NEW skin perfecting Retouching Powder in six color-correcting shades help brighten and even out skin tone and discolorations, plus they invisibly diminish the appearance of dark spots, fine lines, redness and other imperfections while giving skin an airbrushed look. 
Apply your lipstick, stain, or gloss with perfect precision — even when you're on the go. Simply remove the brush's sleek, protective cap and attach it to the back end. You now have a strong, steady handle for a professional application.
Rich Color Gloss has the full color coverage of a lipstick, the soft shine of a gloss, and the luxurious feel of a balm. It moisturizes, conditions, and lasts throughout the day without feathering, plus the new tapered applicator lets you apply it like a pro.
Bright, get-noticed color. Lightweight, yet intense, Bobbi's latest formula combines pigments with a clear base to deliver pure, crisp color with just one swipe. Plus, it's creamy and moisturizing, so lips feel as good as they look.
Our beloved blush formula is back with a newly designed, more luxurious look. Featuring the same easy twist-up application, this sheer, tinted formula glides on smooth and blends in beautifully for a failproof flush of natural looking color on cheeks every time. 
Bobbi has sized up all her glosses to give you an extra dose of shine. Wear it on its own for sheer color or swipe it on top of lipstick for extra shine, plus the new tapered applicator lets you apply it like a pro. Bonus: Sheer Color Lip Gloss is infused with soothing botanical extracts to keep lips healthy and soft.
Same long-lasting, super-sheer powder now in a sleek, new sifter-style jar. This 100% oil-free and oil-absorbing formula sets concealer and foundation for a smooth, flawless finish. Perfect for oily skin or anyone looking for a lighter powder. 
Bobbi's long-lasting, super-sheer powder sets and perfects color to create a smooth, flawless finish. This sheer powder is 100% oil-free and oil-absorbing, with Vitamin E for the most comfortable wear.
Perfect for those who prefer a more sheer application, this brush was designed to be used with our Retouching Powder, but easily doubles as your go-to tool for a light dusting of any of our powder formulas including Sheer Finish Pressed Powder and our Skin Foundation Mineral Makeup SPF 15. Soft, fluffy bristles and a uniquely shaped head (similar to our Eye Blender brush, but larger) fit nicely around the eyes and corners of the nose for a natural, lightweight veil of illumination on the skin.
Silky formula glides on smoothly and offers a matte finish with long-lasting wear. Comes in this sleek, flip-top compact that can be used individually or assembled into palettes (sold separately). 
The original Shimmer Brick Compact. This shimmering, brush-on powder creates a deep, bronzy glow. Works well with neutral and deep blush shades. To apply: Sweep the Face Blender Brush through all five shades and dust lightly on cheekbones after blush. Focus on applying shimmer on the top of cheekbones. To add a highlight to eyes, apply the lightest shade in the compact just under browbone with fingertips or the Eye Smudge Brush.
Bobbi has sized up all her glosses to give you an extra dose of shine. Shimmer Lip Gloss offers beautiful, non-sticky shine with a touch of iridescence and is perfect on its own or over your favorite lipstick. Formulated with Aloe Extract to soothe and soften lips; Vitamins C and E for anti-oxidant protection; and Jojoba and Avocado Oils to moisturize lips.
Dress up nails with long-lasting shimmer (it's Bobbi's favorite way to accessorize hands and toes). Pearlescent color casts nails in the starring role with a range of chic, shimmering shades.
Sheer, lightly pearlized shadow, which can also be used as a highlighter shade under the browbone. Comes in this sleek, flip-top compact that can be used individually or assembled into palettes (sold separately).
Luxury meets simplicity - Bobbi's new Soothing Cleansing Oil is a quick yet luxurious way to cleanse skin. Made with soothing jasmine flower extract (sourced directly from France), moisturizing kukui nut oil, and a blend of Italian olive, organic sunflower and jojoba oils to dissolve surface impurities and makeup without leaving skin feeling tight or dry. Can be used in the morning to wake up and refresh skin, or at night as a soothing end to a long day.
Bobbi's fresh take on glitter lights up eyes with a combination of shimmering pearls and fine glitter.
This brush is ideal for touching up foundation (use it with any of our formulas) around the nose and mouth. Plus, it provides additional coverage where there's redness. Brush can also be used to touch-up concealer and apply eye shadow.
Bobbi Brown Treatment Lip Shine is a Lipstick that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Keep brows groomed with Bobbi's deluxe tweezer, crafted by Rubis of Switzerland. In stainless steel, this slant-tip instrument is considered the finest on the market. 
Easy to hold and control, this slim, tapered Ultra Fine Eyeliner Brush creates a flawless line. The brush hairs are finely pointed and tightly packed for precise application.
Bobbi recommends this as the first step to prepare skin for the smoothest makeup application. Rich in feel, but never greasy, this advanced oil-free, face formula, with Shea Butter, instantly hydrates, softens, and cushions skin. Carrot Extract and Vitamin A Complex help minimize the look of fine lines and wrinkles. Vitamins C and E help protect against environmental damage. Grapefruit and Geranium fragrances leave a light, uplifting scent on skin. With daily use, skin looks and feels its best. Dermatologist-tested.
Bobbi Brown Lip Palette is a Lip Palette that retails for $220.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Bronzer/Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $52.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Eye Paint Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Eye Paint Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jojoba oil, nylon and a complex mixture of Spherical porous and non porous particles gives this light and creamy formula its velvet finish on all skin types.
Vitamin E, peptides, special polyesters with a unique silicone and gel base allows this liquid blush to give a healthy glow to the face, leaving all skin types fresh and radiant.
Vitamin E, treated pigments and micas helps this no talc formula provide sheer yet intense color while the long wearing hydrophobic formulation means it is not effected by perspiration.
Vitamin E, sponge gourd oil and treated pigments allow this very fine textured blush to blend and adhere to all skin types to enhance the natural glow of the face.
Inglot Body Sparkles is a Body that retails for $15.00. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot Body Pigment Powder Matte is a Body that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot Body Pigment Powder Pearl is a Body that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Develop an even bronze color to the skin without the sun with this Long lasting, non streaking liquid bronzer which can be used all over the body without staining clothes.
High tech pigments and nylon allows this velvet bronzing powder to enhance skin tone, accent or strengthen your existing tan giving you a sun kissed finish.
Nylon and high tech pigments allow this palette of five natural bronzing tones to build the perfect soft glow and natural tan.
Inglot Full Metal Eyebrow Pencil is a Brow that retails for $13.00 and contains 0.01 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot 10S Brush is a Brush that retails for $17.00.
Inglot 11S Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 11S/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 13P Brush is a Brush that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 13P/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 14M Brush is a Brush that retails for $8.00.
Inglot 16PP Brush is a Brush that retails for $14.00.
Inglot 17TL Brush is a Brush that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 19P Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 23T Brush is a Brush that retails for $9.00.
Inglot 28PO Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 29PO Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00.
Inglot 30T Brush is a Brush that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 31T Brush is a Brush that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 4SS Brush is a Brush that retails for $22.00.
Inglot 5FS Brush is a Brush that retails for $18.00.
Inglot 6SS Brush is a Brush that retails for $19.00.
Inglot 7FS Brush is a Brush that retails for $18.00.
Inglot 7FS/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $18.00.
Inglot 8OHP Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 8OHP/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 9S Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 9S/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot 15BJF Brush is a Brush that retails for $26.00.
Inglot 15BJF/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $26.00.
Inglot 16PP/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $14.00.
Inglot 1SS/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $37.00.
Inglot 21T Brush is a Brush that retails for $22.00.
Inglot 22T Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00.
Inglot 24SS Brush is a Brush that retails for $29.00.
Inglot 24SS/S Brush is a Brush that retails for $29.00.
Inglot 25SS Brush is a Brush that retails for $39.00.
Inglot 27TG Brush is a Brush that retails for $28.00.
Inglot 3P Brush is a Brush that retails for $22.00.
Inglot 12S Brush is a Brush that retails for $16.00.
Inglot Sable Brush is a Brush that retails for $9.00.
High intensity pigments provide ideal coverage and rich colors after just one application. The Creamy and delicate long lasting formula dries in 60 seconds to a water, smudge and crease proof finish.
High intensity pigments and an ultra fine applicator guarantees high precision and solid color with this quick drying liquid liner that doesn’t smudge.
Inglot AMC Eye Pencil is a Eyeliner that retails for $11.00 and contains 0.16 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot AMC Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $11.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot Eyebrow Pencil is a Eyeliner that  retails for $10.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shea butter gives a soft and precise line with intense color. Propelling lipliner and lip brush on opposite ends makes for easy application of liner and lipstick or lipgloss.
Inglot Soft Precision Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sponge gourd oil and almost 90% pure pigment gives this highly concentrated loose colored powder the ability to range from subtle to ultra intense effects depending on application. Pigments can be mixed with DURALINE to create liquid forms of all pigment colors.
Paraben Free formula. Not tested on animals.
Vitamin E, pro vitamin b5, bisabolol and chamomile extract removes waterproof makeup, cleanses, moisturizes, soothes and protects all skin types. Safe on contact lenses, sensitive skin and eyes. 25 wipes.
Inglot 10N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 10S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 11N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 11S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 12N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 12S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 13S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 14N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 14S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 15S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 16N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 16S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 17N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 17S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 18S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 19N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 19S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 20N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 21S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 22N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 22S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 23S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 24S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 25N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 25S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 26F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 27F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $17.00.
Inglot 28S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 29F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 30N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 31N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 32S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 33S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 34S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 35S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 36F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $15.00.
Inglot 37F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 38S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 39S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 40S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 41F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 42S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 43S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 44S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 46S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 48S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 49S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 50S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 51S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 52F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 53S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 54F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $17.00.
Inglot 55S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 56S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 57S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 58S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 59S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 60F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 61N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 62F False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $12.00.
Inglot 63S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 64S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 65S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 66S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 67S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 68S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 69S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 70N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 71S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 72S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 73S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 74N False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 75S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot 76S False Eyelashes by Inglot is a False Eyelashes that retails for $11.00.
Inglot Duo Adhesive is a False Eyelashes that retails for $8.00.
Inglot Duo Adhesive DARK is a False Eyelashes that retails for $6.00.
Eyelash Adhesive
This light textured Oil free liquid illuminator contains pearlescent molecules which shine and shimmer wherever you apply it, giving definition to your body contours.
Nylon and sponge gourd oil give this palette of five shades of satin pearl pigments the perfect soft, light glow on all skin types.
Silicone provides this multi purpose highlighter its long lasting and smooth feel while this modern formula ensures its flattering to all skin tones whilst creating many variations of color and effects.
Vitamin E, nylon and high tech bright silver pigments are used in this non talc formula to give a sheer and silky highlighter. Can be used with all Inglot face products.
The nourishing and re-hydrating formula ensures a smooth and even application while the pearlescent pigments give the impression of various colors when viewed from different directions.
Vitamin E, Treated pigments and breathable film formers moisturize while a long lasting formula ensures longevity. Packaged with wand or foam tip applicators.
Vitamin E and Inglot’s smoothing and repairing complex smooths, moisturizes and repairs the lips while biomimetric peptide stimulates collagen synthesis giving a long lasting 3D ultra shiny gloss effect.
Shea butter gives a soft and precise line with intense color. Propelling lipliner and lip brush on opposite ends makes for easy application of liner and lipstick or lipgloss.
Avocado oil moisturizes, smooths and regenerates the lips whilst the modern formula ensures a long lasting even coverage with a velvety matte finish.
The molded type pencil prevents lipstick from smudging or feathering while the texture allows for soft but precise application.
Vitamin E and Inglot’s smoothing and repairing complex smooths, moisturizes and repairs the lips while biomimetric peptide stimulates collagen synthesis giving a 3D ultra shiny gloss effect.
Vitamin E and apricot kernel oil moisturize and protect the lips whilst this non-sticky, long lasting formula provides easy and even application.
Vitamin E and apricot kernel oil moisturize and protect the lips whilst this non-sticky, long lasting formula provides easy and even application.
Vitamin E, macadamia oil and avocado oil moisturize and nourish the lips while this long lasting formula provides the ideal matte, smooth, even finish.
Vitamin E and apricot kernel oil moisturize and protect the lips whilst this non-sticky, long lasting formula provides easy and even application.
Vitamin E, evening primrose, avocado butter and special esters and silicones allow for an easy and even application from this gel lipstick that combines a cream gel formula with a unique long lasting shine.
Vitamin E hydrates and nourishes in this long lasting non sticky lip paint with a luster effect.
Vitamin E and high tech pigments moisturize and provide a metallic luster effect.
Inglot Colour Play Mascara is a Mascara that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water resistant, smudge proof, quick drying and long lasting, this mascara separates each eyelash with maximum extension and definition without clumping or globing.
Inglot False Lash Effect Mascara is a Mascara that retails for $12.00 and contains 0.41 oz.
Water proof, smudge proof, and long lasting, this mascara separates each eyelash with maximum volume without clumping or globing.
The perfect nail enamel provides durability, high gloss and a short to medium drying time. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Polymer KS_02 allows moisture and oxygen to pass through to keep nails in the best condition. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Algae extract evens out a ridged nail surface giving a perfectly smooth base for nail enamel. Does NOT contain tolune, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
The perfect nail enamel provides durability, high gloss and a short to medium drying time. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
The perfect nail enamel provides durability, high gloss and a short to medium drying time. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
The perfect nail enamel provides durability, high gloss and a short to medium drying time. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
The perfect nail enamel provides durability, high gloss and a short to medium drying time. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
The perfect nail enamel provides durability, high gloss and a short to medium drying time. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Diamond powder reduces chipping and prevents wearing off whilst enhancing color and adding vivid shine. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Seals colored nail enamel for added protection against chipping, cracking and fading whilst making colors more vivid. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Inglot Top Coat Matte is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.51 oz.
Vitamin E, jojoba oil and apricot kernel oil gently moisturize, regenerate and condition nails and cuticles.
Inglot Cuticle Removing Gel is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.51 oz.
Vitamin E, apricot kernel oil and panthenol help nails grow faster and harder while protecting against environmental stresses. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Evening primrose oil, camellia sinesis leaf extract and pantenol optically whiten nails helping yellow and damaged nails look healthier. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Methionine ensures a high performance treatment for split and weak nails. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Silk powder gives this polish a natural color that makes nail look healthier, perfect for French manicure. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Enamel makes colors more vivid and gives a special effect in disco UV light. Does NOT contain toluene, formaldehyde, dibutyl phthalate (DBP) or camphor.
Inglot W-Bond Treatment is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.51 oz.
Vitamin E, sponge gourd oil and treated pigments allow this translucent powder to matte the skin and set foundation with excellent adherence for a loose powder.
Silica and special treated micas allow this loose powder to lightly set foundation with a long lasting matte finish whilst absorbing sebum.
Sponge-like spheres absorb excess facial oil and scatter light, giving all skin types a matte look and silky smooth finish. Use to prolong the life of your foundation, turning your skin into the perfect blank canvas.
Inglot BM Eyelash Curler is a Eyelash Curler that retails for $9.00.
Inglot BP Eyelash Curler is a Eyelash Curler that retails for $5.00.
Inglot Professional Eyelash Curler is a Eyelash Curler that retails for $19.00.
Grid: 180 / 240 - medium
Grid: 180 / 180 - medium
Grid: 80 / 100 - coarse, perfect for acrylic nails
Inglot Ceramic Foot File is a Tools that retails for $7.00.
Handle: 120 mm Blade: 5 mm Material: stainless steel
Handle: 100 mm Blade: 7 mm Material: stainless steel
Inglot Cuticle Scissors is a Tools that retails for $9.00.
Silicone polymer forms a breathable film while this waterless clear liquid transforms any powder into an intense easy to apply liquid.
Inglot Metal Foot Rasp is a Tools that retails for $9.00.
Inglot Mirror is a Tools that retails for $7.00.
Inglot Nail Buffer is a Tools that retails for $3.00.
Inglot Nail Scissors is a Tools that retails for $9.00.
Inglot Professional Makeup Applicator is a Brush that retails for $5.00.
Inglot Puff Applicator is a Brush that retails for $4.00.
Inglot Sponge Applicator is a Brush that retails for $3.00.
Inglot Toe Separator Foot Shape is a Tools that retails for $3.00.
Inglot Triangle Sponge Applicator is a Tools that retails for $2.00.
Inglot White Sanding Block is a Tools that retails for $3.00.
Perfect for sharpening Eyeliners, Lipliners and other barrel cosmetics
Perfect for sharpening Eyeliners, Lipliners and other barrel cosmetics
Inglot Professional Tweezer P2 is a Tweezers that retails for $22.00.
Inglot Professional Tweezer PP1 is a Tweezers that retails for $22.00.
Inglot Rainbow Eyeshadow is a Eye Palette. There are 28 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Sculpting Blush is an oil-free powder blush which comes in a slim compact case. The wide range of shades available answers every need with seven cold shades and seven warm orangey shades. These include glowing shades to brighten the cheeks and tone-on-tone natural shades to sculpt the face. Sculpting Blush comes in matte, satin or iridescent textures, allowing different effects.
Ultra-matte and non-pearly, Mat Bronze is different from standard bronzers, as it gives a natural tanned glow suitable for all skin types (women, men and mature skin) and can be worn throughout the year. Thanks to its non-drying formula, it completely evens the complexion, toning down imperfections without drying out the skin. With a long-lasting matte, tanned and powdered finish, it sets make-up and ensures a transparent, perfect result. Its silky, comfortable texture is pleasant and easy to apply and provides an even finish. Mat Bronze protects the skin and fights sun-induced ageing thanks to its anti-free radical vitamin E formula. Its glamorous metallic bronze case is easy to distinguish from other powders. Mirror and puff included.
Aqua Brow is a waterproof eyebrow corrector that fills, defines and lengthens brows. Formulated with volatile oil and carnauba wax, its creamy gel texture gives an even, natural result with a long lasting hold. The result remains flawless throughout the day and holds up under all conditions (water, heat, etc).
Aqua Brow is a waterproof eyebrow corrector that fills, defines and lengthens brows. Formulated with volatile oil and carnauba wax, its creamy gel texture gives an even, natural result with a long lasting hold. The result remains flawless throughout the day and holds up under all conditions (water, heat, etc).
The Eyebrow Pencil formula, highly concentrated in pigments, ensures a long-lasting hold. Its texture is suitable for all skin types. Its very dry and hard lead ensures a precise line. The eyebrows are clean, disciplined and perfectly redrawn. The line is longer and more intense for a natural finish. The Eyebrow Pencil gives character and intensity to the eyes. The result is simply perfect for women whose eyebrows are too light-colored, sparse or uneven.
Short and firm angled brush Ideal tool to fill in the eyebrows with any sort of texture. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream, pencil and compact powder.
Straight, classic brush, and emblematic of MAKE UP FOR EVER. Good for all textures and particularly for powder/creams. The bevel is still the same thickness and draws doe eyes perfectly. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Liquid, cream, gel, loose and compact powders.
Medium angled and dense brush A beveled brush to be used at an angle parallel to the skin, like a blending brush. Handy for beginners. Type of fibers: straight and wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Fine bent brush Dany Sanz takes her sources of inspiration from many different eclectic places, and is always on the lookout for practicality in the development of her tools. This brush is inspired by the brushes used to paint the hidden nooks and crannies behind radiators! It is very fine and precise, giving plenty of control with its “bent” shape to draw the corner of the doe eye. Also perfect for the lash line. THE eyeliner brush for beginners. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Long, rounded and slightly flared brush This supple blending brush is a very popular tool as much among professionals as consumers, and enables color blending and shading. Can also be used for clearing away excess product and for highlighting. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Medium rounded and dense brush A supple, less precise brush, which is good for shading effects. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Flat, extra-thin eyeliner brush A stiff, very short brush. This shape is rarely seen, but is perfect for the lash line. With its comfortable application, it allows easy placing of the color with precision. Very useful for “doe-eyes”.
Short and firm angled brush and spiral brush A two-in-one for lashes and eyebrows: brush and “spiral brush”. A practical, consumer tool. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream and compact powder.
Double-ended shader and smudger brush, one side with a short, rounded and tapered brush and the other with a rounded and tapered tip sponge applicator. Two different ends for perfect eye make-up in one stroke. On one side there is a brush and on the other a sponge applicator. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, pencil, liquid, compact powder
Double-head eyebrow brush and eyelash comb A metal comb and brush, a rigid tool that is perfect for separating lashes and removing excess mascara. The eyebrow brush side gives a very natural defined look. Type of fibers: straight.
Extra fine and firm brush. A shorter, straight brush with more precision for greater application control. Ideal for cream textures and liquids. A clear, dense stroke for perfect lash lines in a few seconds. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
What it is: An angled, nylon-bristle brush for eyebrows. What it does: Eyebrow Brush #9N allows for precise application of eyebrow gels and powders. Its density and size are ideal for applying product in between eyebrow hairs while its firm, angled tip creates natural-looking strokes. What else you need to know: Ideal for applying Waterproof Eyebrow Corrector.
Small fan brush. A fan shape that gives a sweeping effect for the eyes. A tool that meets the needs of cinema make-up artists to dust off excess powder from the cheekbones and under the eyes in a flash. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
What it is: A natural, long hair brush used for light application and subtle highlights. What it does: The long, soft bristles of Eye Shadow Brush #17S lightly blend product into the eye lid. It is ideal for the gentle application of loose powders that brighten the eye.
What it is: A nylon brush used for precise application and controlled blending. What it does: The nylon bristles of Eye Shadow Brush #5N allow for a firm, detailed application. The size of the brush is ideal for blending in small areas.
What it is: A nylon brush designed for quick, even application over the entire eye lid. What it does: The long, thick bristles of Eye Shadow Brush #6N allow for product to be applied on the entire eyelid quickly. Its rounded edge helps with precision along the lash line. What else you need to know: Ideal brush to apply Aqua Cream.
What it is: A natural-hair brush for eye shadow application across the entire eyelid. What it does: Eye Shadow Brush #10S is the perfect size and shape for quickly and precisely applying all types of eye shadows. Its flat, rounded bristles allow for a completely smooth and even application.
What it is: A slanted brush ideal for applying and blending eye shadows into the crease. What it does: Crease Brush #18S is uniquely shaped for perfect shadow placement on all eye shapes and sizes. Its angled bristles quickly apply color to the crease of the eye while its beveled edges allow for effortless blending.
What it is: A finely angled brush for filling in and contouring eyebrows. What it does: By dipping this angled brush into your favorite brow powder, you can fill in sparse brows and create shape and thickness where it is lacking with just a couple, simple strokes. Dip into the brow powder or powdered eye shadow that's one shade lighter than your natural brow shade. Tap off the excess and apply with upward strokes until the desired shape is achieved.
Spiral brush A spiral brush to separate the eyelashes or eyebrows.
What it is: A sable-haired brush ideal for precision and fine detail. What it does: Eye Liner Brush #2S has a flat tip that allows for ultra-precise application. Its small size and rounded shape make it the perfect smudge tool for creating a smoky effect.
Long and dense eyeliner brush A thicker version of the 252, this brush also produces a thicker line to create doe-eye eyeliner effects. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Long and fine brush A stiff brush which is longer and less firm than the 250, perfect for liquid make-up. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Large rounded and dense brush A supple brush for everyone to use. It is round, soft and firm; when using it, it is impossible to go wrong with eyeshadow application Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Eye Shadow, Aqua Cream.
Medium rounded and dense brush This has the same contours as the 212, but is rounder and easier to use. Also “banana” brush. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders
Long, thin and tapered pointy tip brush An elegant “calligraphy” brush for Aquarelles. A painter’s tool, more for artistic use. When used it gives the impression of painting on a canvas. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, liquid, loose and compact powders
Small, flat and firm brush A mini paddle brush for use with shadow and blush for a new approach to liner make-up in “penciling” style. This kind of brush draws a fine and precise line and is used sideways. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Large flat brush This pro and consumer market paddle brush is thicker and multi-purpose; it is perfect for large tinted areas on the upper eyelid. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Medium, dense and round-shaped brush A basic rounded shape that is larger, with no sharp angles. A product for everyone, very comfortable to use. This is also useful for the eyebrow arch. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Small, flat and tapered brush. Small classic for shading, featuring a short paddle brush. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Medium, rounded and tapered brush. This supple “banana” brush, is a classic and one of Dany’s favorites. It gives the precision of sophisticated make-up bordering on the artistic, while remaining very accessible. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Small, flat and slightly tapered brush. A stiff, hard and gentle, flat and round brush, ideal for the eye contour area. An essential for smoky eyes. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, liquid, compact powder.
Short, extra-dense, round brush A thicker, fatter, paddle brush, recommended for applying make-up to the upper eyelid. Type of fibers: straight and wavy Recommended textures: Cream and powder.
Small, short and extra dense rounded brush. Wider, shorter and more suited to professional make-up, very effective especially to create “banana” shading. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Eye Brush This applicator can be used to shade off or blend the kohl line to create a smoky effect.
Large, flat and tapered brush This brush is larger and more rounded than the 226, and the tool is used especially for easy and generous application of light shading on the upper eyelid. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Medium flat, tapered brush A chunky classic at the bottom and slender at the top; this brush is useful for generous shading for all women, even beginners. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Small, flat, firm and round-shaped brush Small paddle brush and very slim, responsive brush to apply more product, a tool more for experienced users. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, loose and compact powders.
Flat and pointed silicone applicator A tool with new technology that is particularly useful with very challenging products, especially glitter. It collects the product and applies it better than a brush on the skin surface. Recommended textures: Iridescent and glittery loose powders, glitter.
What it is: A natural-hair brush designed to smudge eye shadows and liners. What it does: This is the ideal brush for creating soft, smoky looks. Its extremely soft yet firm rounded tip allows for precise, even smudging.
Medium square brush A professional tool, a butch brush for those who are confident of their technique. The application may be wide but also graphic, with its clear-cut shape for make-up that “can be seen”. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Small, short and tapered brush. Like the 202, but a little larger and rounder, use this paddle rush for generous applications on the upper eyelid. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream, liquid, compact powder.
Oval-shaped sponge applicator A tool with a dense sponge end with a rounded shape for even application of challenging products. Compatible with 246 refills.
Small flared brush. This brush is the intermediary version of the 122 Blending Powder Brush, an essential classic at MAKE UP FOR EVER. This dual-purpose brush is ideal for applying blush and highlighter, and gives a light finish with a simple, ethereal touch. Type of fibers: straight and wavy Recommended textures: Cream, loose, compact, pearly and iridescent powders.
Large flared brush. This brush has two different bristle heights in two-color layers. The multi-purpose brush was nicknamed the “Punk” brush as it was discovered in the 1980s by Jacques Waneph, Dany’s husband. It became a staple item in all make-up kits. Type of fibers: straight and wavy. Recommended textures: loose and compact powders.
Long brush with tapered pointy tip. Long, slender brush for applying blusher in the right place and lifting the cheekbones. Type of fibers: straight & wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Extra-dense round brush with a flat tip. This tool was designed like a shaving brush; it is very firm, masculine and is used like the equivalent of a putty knife. Very high performance for a doll-like blush effect. Type of fibers: straight and wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Flat brush with a pointed tip. A stiff, very firm brush for professional use to apply the product and work with it in an even, uniform style. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Small, firm flat brush. Straight, responsive brush, a paddle brush classic in the concealer brush range. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Double-ended brush with a rounded side and a slanted side. A double-ended brush with supple bristles. This two in one make-up diabolo has one beveled side, perfect for sculpting. One of the best sellers in the current range. Type of fibers: straight & wavy (Round) and wavy (beveled). Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Thin and pointed corrector brush. A straight, very fine brush; a professional tool with the firmness of a sharp eyeliner. It allows the artist to draw very thin lines like a fountain pen to create full and fine strokes. It corrects the tiniest dark areas and even minor wrinkles. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Medium trapeze-shaped, flat brush. This essential tool for artistic make-up has been part of the MAKE UP FOR EVER collections since the very beginning. With its trapezoid shape it is perfect for multi-purpose use and also ideal for face painting. Type of fibers: straight and wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Flat and round brush with a slightly tapered tip. A longer brush for a more diffuse application. Ideal for giving the cheeks a natural healthy glow. Type of fibers: straight and wavy Recommended textures: Gel, loose and compact powders.
Flat and round brush. Supple brush, the classic blush applicator. Type of fibers: Wavy. Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Medium, tapered, dense kabuki brush. A kabuki (short with no handle), compact but slender. The tapered shape of the bristles forms a point, which gives it the flexibility required for even greater firmness and precision in application than with the traditional kabuki. Type of fibers: Straight. Recommended textures: Liquid foundation, loose and compact powders.
Small, dense, tapered and round kabuki brush With its voluminous bristle sculpture, don’t hold back: press down when using it. Even though the choice of brush is almost professional, the technique is not difficult and a natural result is guaranteed. Type of fibers: STRAIGHT. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid foundations.
Very large, rounder brush. Its size may seem “imposing”, but it is perfect for more professional use. Type of fibers: Straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid foundations, loose and compact powders.
Medium flat and rounded brush A larger variation on the 104 brush for ultra-fast use over the whole face. Type of fibers: Straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid foundations, loose and compact powders.
Small, tapered and flat brush A flat, classic shape, with wide bristles, but not too dense, this brush is very useful for fluid products. This is the classic “foundation brush” used by make-up enthusiasts. Type of fibers: Straight. Recommended textures: Cream and liquid foundations.
What it is: A finishing brush. What it does: Make Up For Ever HD Brush 20N is a finishing brush specifically designed to apply liquid foundation. Its nylon bristles will not leave marks or residue and it allows you to apply concealer and HD foundation in small, hard-to-reach areas of the face.
What it is: A nylon-bristle brush for applying liquid foundation. What it does: HD Brush #25N’s medium-size, smooth bristles distribute the perfect amount of product to leave the skin looking completely flawless. Its unique size and shape are ideal for quickly and precisely covering large areas. What else you need to know: HD Brush #25N is the perfect tool for applying HD Invisible Cover Foundation.
What it is: A medium-size brush that is ideal for applying foundation. What it does: Make Up For Ever HD Brush 30N is a complexion brush specifically designed to apply liquid foundation. Its nylon bristles will not leave marks or residue but will leave your complexion with a flawless finish.
What it is: A goat and nylon bristle brush used for light, uniform application. What it does: The size of this brush is ideal for a blended effect. Its tapered bristle tips deposit just the right amount of product and it's the perfect brush for applying HD Microfinish Blush.
What it is: HD Kabuki Brush is a soft-to-the-touch yet sufficiently firm nylon brush designed to easily sweep powder on the face. What it does: This Sephora-exclusive brush was designed especially for HD Microfinish Powder, or other loose powder application. It can also be used to remove excess powder after initial application. What else you need to know: This conveniently small brush fits into its black, zipped pouch for easy transportation.
What it is: A powder puff. What it does: Make Up For Ever HD Microfinish Puff is a fine, soft, and handy black powder puff particularly suited for the application of HD Microfinish Powder and other loose powders. Its small size and thinness makes it easier to powder the hard-to-reach zones of the face, and the black color allows you to see how much powder to pick up.
Medium rounded and dense brush. This supple, rounded brush is a delicate basic tool to apply highlighting powders and creams more generously. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Cream, gel, loose and compact powders.
Small and rounded brush. A supple, “blending effect” brush for firmness and precision. This new brush for the complexion is perfect for applying a few highlighting touches, whatever the texture. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Gel, liquid, loose and compact powders.
Large rounded fan-shaped brush. A fan-shaped brush with supple bristles inspired by the Middle East. It is most often used to enhance the neckline and illuminate the face by sculpting light and shadows. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Flat and rounded kabuki brush. A flat, very supple kabuki that has featured in MAKE UP FOR EVER since the beginning as the ideal brush to sculpt the face using loose powder. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Loose powder.
Dome-shaped, dense kabuki brush. A small compact brush with a Japanese name. The kabuki was inspired by the tools used in traditional Japanese theater make-up. A new basic for finishing powder. Type of fibers: straight and wavy. Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Large dome-shaped brush. A classic soft-bristle brush with a large round shape. This very soft brush is light on application and used in big, ample strokes to apply a cloud of discreet powder. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Medium, dome-shaped dense brush. A particularly soft brush that gives an almost sensual feel when it is used. Its generous application is perfectly even. Type of fibers: straight and wavy. Recommended textures: Loose and compact powders.
Slanted brush. A very firm, very precise, supple brush that is beveled to sculpt the face with precision. This professional-use tool is in fact very handy for everyone. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Loose and compact powder.
Angled, firm and flat brush. This straight, flat, beveled brush gives a very clean stroke and is taken from the liner universe to provide more precision on application. A future classic for correcting and applying concealers. Type of fibers: straight Recommended textures: Cream and liquid.
Medium tapered brush. A brush with combination fibers, and a larger head for generous application. Type of fibers: Straight and wavy Recommended textures: Cream and liquid foundations, loose and compact powders.
Small, pointed, dense and precise brush Achieve the skill of a painter with this brush. For best results, we recommend turning the brush for high performance application round the nasogenian furrow and the eyelids. Type of fibers: Straight Recommended textures: Cream and liquid foundation.
Medium flat brush with a pointy tapered tip. A supple brush that is both flat and pointed for multi-purpose highlighting and sculpting. Type of fibers: wavy Recommended textures: Gel, loose and compact powders.
What it is: A flat-tip, nylon-bristled brush designed for precise lip color application. What it does: The unique, flat edge of Lip Brush #3N allows for accurate and defined application, and the brush thickness makes it quick and easy. What else you need to know: Ideal brush to apply Rouge Artist Intense.
Square-shaped and flat brush This brush is used to define the lip contour, it gives precise definition of a shape or modifies it. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Lipstick and gloss.
Rounded, dense brush with cap A retractable lip brush that is ultra practical and clean, to slip into your make-up kit for daily touchups. The brush also can be used for concealer touch-ups because Dany loves ingenious multipurpose tools. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Lipstick and gloss.
Extra-firm, round-shaped brush A long and firm paddle brush for very precise application on the lips and for easy definition of the contour. Can also be used for concealer. Type of fibers: straight. Recommended textures: Lipstick and gloss.
The 2 in 1 Aqua Creamliner is a cream-gel eyeliner specifically designed for extra long-lasting, waterproof eye make-up. It can be used in two ways. Used as an eyeliner: easy to apply, tts unique and unusual smooth texture makes for a clear and precise line. Used as eye shadow: once applied as an eyeliner, it can be easily smudged for a smoky effect.
Aqua Liner is a high precision waterproof liquid eyeliner. Rich in pigments and polymers, its formula guarantees intense color and an outstanding waterproof result. Its ergonomic applicator lets you easily apply an ultra precise line to create an eyeliner makeup look. Aqua liner is available in a wide range of vibrant shades with matte, iridescent and diamond finishes. Easily remove with waterproof makeup remover.
Color Liner is a highly pigmented liquid eyeliner, available in matte or iridescent colors. It shapes and intensifies the eyes, while harmoniously matching your make-up tones for a very striking result. Its integrated applicator makes for a precise and quick application.
Pro Waterproof Eyeliner is a completely water-resistant eyeliner. It accentuates the eyes and lasts all day even under the most extreme conditions (water, sea, swimming pool, tears, heat, etc.). Its highly pigmented formula gives immediate results, and only one or two applications are required for an intense line. The bottle opening allows you to use various sizes of brushes.
Make Up For Ever Aqua Eyes Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $19.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 27 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The extra-long Eyeliner Pencil draws precise, even lines that remain sharp for hours, even on the waterline. Its soft, flexible tip is highly pigmented and leaves a mark as soon as it touches the skin. It defines the line of the lashes and intensifies the eyes.
Especially adapted to sensitive and thin skin around and inside the eye, the Kohl Pencil gives depth and intensity to the eyes. Its particularly gentle formula is tolerated by the most sensitive eyes, its soft and smooth texture blends effortlessly and keeps the skin around the eyes hydrated.
Cake eyeliner is a compact, water-based eyeliner. Its highly-pigmented pressed powder can be applied with a damp brush. Depending on the desired result, you can adjust the intensity of the line: the result can either be very natural or more sophisticated and dramatic. Easy to apply, it dries immediately without flaking, leaving a clean and stable line that will not budge.
Make Up For Ever Aqua Cream is a Eyeshadow that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 29 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
FLUO NIGHT – real pigments in the form of an extra fine powder – are not only fluorescent but also have an immediate and intense reaction to UV light. This makeup range is composed of 8 shades including an unique and universal “invisible” white. Their soft texture allows for quick and effective application, provides excellent coverage and helps to create various and long-lasting effects. The shades, which are exceptionally pure and luminous, are perfectly adapted to any type of artistic makeup (Body Painting among others).
Hologram powder is a pearlescent, loose powder that plays with light for a multi-reflection color result. The powder is as shiny as a Diamond Powder, but with the added benefits of multi reflection color and high pay off. It can be used on the eyes and on the cheeks.
Made by mineral or organic synthesis, the highly concentrated MAKE UP FOR EVER Pure Pigments have an extremely fine granulometry, almost that of a micron. This means that makeup artists can quickly create intense makeup colors in the desired tone while applying them directly to the skin or mixing them with any other type of texture. These pure pigments are not diluted in talc and are unrivaled when it comes to realizing any colorimetric formula.
The Diamond Eye Shadow range includes 12 shades of Eye Shadows with innovative and spectacular effects. This is a true technological breakthrough! The Diamond Eye Shadow combines the subtle iridescence of the Diamond Powder with the intense, long-lasting color of Eye Shadows for a spectacular finish. Enriched in Reflecks, a new generation of ultra-shiny, ultra-light and incredibly thin synthetic mother-of-pearls. Formulated from borosilicate and covered with titanium oxide, Reflecks capture the light and provide a unique luminosity to the skin. Comprising of Diamond Powder and enriched with pigments, the Diamond Shadows are long-lasting with unrivaled intense colors.
This matte eye shadow is made of highly-pigmented pressed powder and comes in a variety of shades. It contains nylon powder, allowing it to be blended as desired. The result is intense and long-lasting. Since its diameter is the same as the powder blushes, it can be included in a custom-built palette.
So Divine is a mineral oil-free cream that cleanses impurities and all types of make-up, including waterproof. Dermatologically tested on sensitive skin and non comedogenic, “So Divine” soothes and comforts dry and delicate skins, as well as giving a soft, velvety touch to the face. It makes skin soft and elastic thanks to its formula rich in moisturizing, calming, softening and regenerative active ingredients. Applied to the face with the fingertips, it can be massaged in to relax fine lines and provide maximum benefit from the formula's active ingredients.
SENS'EYES is a mineral oil-free gel that removes make-up from eyes and lips and is extremely effective and incredibly gentle. It doesn't leave the eyelids feeling greasy. It instantly removes impurities, even waterproof make-up on the most sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Extreme Cleanser instantly removes impurities and all types of makeup, including waterproof. Its oil-free formula, rich in regenerative active ingredients, leaves the skin soft, moisturized and fresh with no feeling of tightness.
Moisturizing cleansing milk, Gentle Milk, is a soft, rich, moisturizing make-up remover, which effectively removes face and non-waterproof eye make-up as well as cleansing skin. It makes the skin softer and more elastic thanks to its formula which contains moisturizing and restructuring agents as well as softening fruit extracts. Gentle Milk is quick and easy to use on face, non-waterproof eye make-up and lips. Light, fresh and delicious almond-based scent.
The cleansing, moisturizing, alcohol-free water, Pure Water, removes face and non-waterproof eye make-up. It leaves the skin soft and toned. Make-up free skin feels fresh and purified, with no oily film. Pure Water moisturizes the skin thanks to the active ingredients included ib its formula.
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Intensify and add depth to your eyes with these eyelashes. Create spectacular effects for evening parties, photo shoots, or just for fun. Implants fill out your lashes or make up for sparse areas in a very natural way. Pale or brown eyelashes are used for daily wear or to naturally intensify the eyes for an evening. Use false doe-eyed lashes for a mysterious and sophisticated look. Stage eyelashes create spectacular effects for shorter periods of time, such as evening parties, parades, photo shoots, etc..
Make Up For Ever Andrea Eyelash Adhesive Waterproof Clear Tone is a False Eyelashes.
These skin jewels, widely used during fashion shows and photo shoots, can be applied to parts of the body you wish to stand out. The jewels help to highlight these places or to simulate body piercings.
Professional make up artists use and abuse them in fashion shows! They glam up any make up. These fine, light glitters leave a sparkling veil over the face, body and hair and may also be used as a starting point for full themes.
Professional make up artists use and abuse them in fashion shows! They glam up any make up. These fine, light glitters leave a sparkling veil over the face, body and hair and may also be used as a starting point for full themes.
Professional make-up artists use them and abuse them during fashion shows! They add a touch of glamour to any make-up. This fine, light glitter forms a sparkling veil over the face, body and hair, and may also be used as a starting point for entire themes.
Professional make-up artists use them and abuse them during fashion shows! They add a touch of glamour to any make-up. This fine, light glitter forms a sparkling veil over the face, body and hair, and may also be used as a starting point for entire themes.
Professional make-up artists use them and abuse them during fashion shows! They add a touch of glamour to any make-up. This fine, light glitter forms a sparkling veil over the face, body and hair, and may also be used as a starting point for entire themes.
Professional make-up artists use them and abuse them during fashion shows! They add a touch of glamour to any make-up. This fine, light glitter forms a sparkling veil over the face, body and hair, and may also be used as a starting point for entire themes.
These skin jewels, widely used during fashion shows and photo shoots, can be applied to parts of the body you wish to stand out. The jewels help to highlight these places or to simulate body piercings.
Lighten up with this gifted luminizer! MAKE UP FOR EVER has created Uplight, a silky gel which naturally lights up the face. The skin is healthy, the complexion is fresh and radiant. Uplight contains reflecting pigments which capture and diffuse light. Thanks to its smooth texture, it can easily be applied to the skin, on its own or mixed with foundation. Its formula contains 70% of water for a light and hydrating texture, paired with an optimum hold. You now have the key to a perfect complexion. Available in 8 different shades and 3 effects: silky, pearly or sparkling.
Compact Shine On creates a natural looking and delicate satin-like iridescence on all skin types. Its silky texture ensures a natural and even application. Applied in gentle strokes, it adds contours to the face and, depending on the chosen shade, can be used as blush or to add highlights. Brings shimmers to your complexion thanks to fine light-reflecting mother-of-pearl particles.
Rich in shea butter and macadamia nut oil, the Moisturizing Lip Balm moisturizes and softens quickly to treat and repair the lips. These moisturizing skincare ingredients help to maintain the skin's lipid film and immediately soothe and soften the lips.
GLOSSY FULL COULEUR is a gel-textured and long-lasting lip gloss, that leaves lips ultra shiny. Available in 9 shades, it colors the lips and lights them up with an unparalleled mirror effect. The range features bold pop-art and nude colors to apply directly to the lips or layer over lipstick. Its mentholated fragrance reinforces the iced, frosty effect of the gloss.
LAB SHINE Lip Gloss offers a spectacular and intense shiny effect. Especially designed to achieve an ultra-bright effect, its silky brush ensures an optimal and dazzling coverage.
Super Lip Gloss slightly-colored glossy gel formula adds volume to the lips and is long-lasting. Since it was first marketed, it has been a staple of the beauty world. Models in particular love this magical gloss which gives them a sensual edge. The best way to keep lips glossy for hours, Super Lip Gloss is also very popular in the music world, where the camera gets up close and personal with the stars'make-up.
The extremely waterproof texture of this pencil can be used to reshape and heighten lip contour. Very long-lasting and non-transferable, it holds for hours even in extreme conditions. It is water and saliva resistant. It can be used on the entire mouth, after applying non-oily skincare on the lips (Lip Contour Skincare Pencil). The range of matte shades offers natural harmonies in matching tones and other more intense colors.
The extra-long Lip Contours Lip Pencil draws precise, even lines that remain sharp for hours. The flexible tip, soft and rich in pigments, marks as soon as it touches your skin. Ideal for correcting the shape of the mouth, it also makes your lipstick last longer and helps prevent “bleeding”.
What it is: A colorless lip liner that prevents lipstick from bleeding over the lip line. What it does: Lip Line Perfector creates an invisible barrier that keeps lip color from feathering. Its creamy texture glides on effortlessly while its unique formula fills in fine lines and hydrates the skin. Perfect for all lipstick shades, Lip Line Perfector's long-lasting result ensures your favorite lip look will last all day and won't smudge.
ROUGE ARTIST INTENSE is a lipstick saturated with pigments for an intense result. Available in 50 different shades and 3 different finishes, it will suit your everyday mood. Natural or sexy, ROUGE ARTIST INTENSE will last all day and leave your lips soft and moisturized.
Rouge Artist Natural has an ultra creamy formula that hydrates the lips with a natural sheen. Enriched with a cocktail of vegetal ingredients, made of waxes and Cupuassu Butter, it contains nourishing properties for a moisturizing smooth texture that glides on effortlessly. Its translucent shine reveals pure pearls and pigments for a profusion of 50 luminous shades. Rouge Artist Natural makes it possible to find a color to suit every mood!
What it is: A liquid lip color that provides the intense and long-lasting hold of a lip stain with the eye-catching shine of a gloss. What it does: Formulated with a combination of high molecular weight polymers and volatile oils, Aqua Rouge locks color on the lips for a smudge-proof result that will not transfer or fade. Its intensely pigmented formula provides immediate, opaque color with extreme shine, and its creamy, non-sticky texture glides effortlessly on the lips for comfortable wear. What else you need to know: Aqua Rouge’s double-ended packaging allows for a simple, two-step application: apply lip color with precision using the ergonomic, foam applicator and evenly distribute the clear top with the polyester brush to lock the color onto the lips.
With its film-forming properties, Lengthening Mascara's innovative formula coats each lash for maximum lengthening and curving. The dense, very fine spiraled brush gives optimal results and covers all of your lashes. It is suitable for even the most sensitive eyes.
Aqua Smoky Lash is the waterproof version of Smoky Lash, a mascara that provides volume, length and instant curl to the lashes. Its waterproof formula ensures that it will not run under the most extreme conditions, under a spray of water, at the beach, or in the swimming pool...
Smoky Lash enhances lashes, for exceptional volume, infinite length and ultimate curl. Its formula is rich in ultra-fine mineral pigments to create the perfect smoky look: saturated lashes and smoldering eyes. Its ultra wide and dense new generation brush hold a maximum amount of product for instant spectacular lashes.
This soothing, alcohol-free lotion is the finishing touch when removing make-up and prepares the skin for day or night time skin treatments. It neutralizes the drying effects of the calcium found in water and leaves the skin soft, without feeling tight. It removes every trace of make-up and impurities. It purifies and refreshes the skin, without changing its PH levels. Soft and comfortable, Cool Lotion is great on sensitive skin or women who don't often wear make-up.
Metal Powder is a 100% natural, cosmetic loose powder. It creates a multi-effect shine, depending on how it is used. - Applied dry, it produces a powdery metal effect. - Applied wet, it produces a molten-metal effect on the skin surface. It delivers extreme coverage for an instantly intense look and easy application. Metal Powder is the perfect additive to mix up with all kind of material for body paintings, hair and face.
The MAKE UP FOR EVER HD Complexion products use innovative formulas to create a new generation of make up which is both invisible on HD cameras and to the naked eye. The HD Powder is a unique, extremely fine powder available in one universal shade to make the skin absolutely radiant. It sets the foundation and matifies the skin without changing its natural contours. Consisting of mineral silica powder, its talc-free formula is non-drying. Its universal translucent shade matches all skin tones. The HD Powder can be worn alone or applied over foundation.
Eye Seal has been designed to waterproof all powdery make-up (Star Powder, Diamond Powder, Eye Shadows, Eyeliner cake, Pigments, Glitters) and pencils. It intensifies make-up colors and pearl effects. Its alcohol-free formula does not irritate the skin and can be applied close to the eye.
Lash Fibers is a fiber-enriched base to mascara. Applied before mascara it adds lengths and volume to you lashes and maximizes their volume for a spectacular effect. Its creamy texture immediately wraps the lashes and sets immediately. Enriched with active ingredients, its formula nourishes, protects and strengthens lashes.
The All Mat Matifying Primer formula is based on a oil-free and colorless powdered gel providing extreme comfort. Designed to absorb the excess of sebum, it leaves the skin soft without a hint of shine. The complexion looks healthy and fresh whatever the occasion.
The MAKE UP FOR EVER HD Complexion products use innovative formulas to create a new generation of make up which is both invisible on HD cameras and to the naked eye. In the same manner as a skin care product, the HD Primer nourishes, moisturizes and softens the skin, creating a glowing effect. It creates a protective layer on the skin allowing the foundation to glide on easily and to last longer. Unlike standard skin care creams, the HD Primer dries quickly, allowing make up to be applied immediately. The HD Primer comes in 6 color-correcting shades and one transparent shade to correct skin imperfections. The colored pigments are absorbed by the skin for an invisible correction.
This light and comfortable mist seals the make up and keeps it in place by coating the skin with a weightless and invisible film. The mist provides a continuous protection for the make up and skin against external attacks (pollution, temperature variations...) by creating a colorless and imperceptible shield made from active hydrating ingredients. For movies and photo shoots, professional make up artists use the Mist & Fix to set the make up, hence sparing them the task of renewed powder applications. It also creates visible depth for close-up shots.
Oily skins no longer require powder to give their complexions a matte finish. Stop Shining + eliminates all traces of shine from the face for several hours. Apply it before or after the foundation. Completely invisible to the eye, its soft, light texture is equally suited to men wishing to give a matte finish to their skin.
Applied on its own or before the foundation, the UV Prime (SPF 50 / PA+++) offers an invisible and ideal protection against UVA and UVB rays. Its light formula illuminates and prepares the skin for make up application. Enriched with antioxidants, the UV Prime moisturizes the skin and protects it from environmental factors such as pollution or stress.
The MAKE UP FOR EVER HD Complexion products use innovative formulas to create a new generation of make up which is both invisible on HD cameras and to the naked eye. The HD Elixir is a unique serum providing instant and long-lasting hydration to the skin (+520% after 15 minutes). Specifically designed to prepare the skin for HD make up, its formula hydrates the driest and most marked areas, such as the eye contour and the mouth's fine lines. Its unique and fresh gel-like texture is non-sticky and quickly absorbed.
Use it to curl lashes.
The Rhodoide Spatula can be used to remove products from their containers in a hygienic way.
Make Up For Ever Duo Eyelash Adhesive Waterproof Darktone is a Tools.
Make Up For Ever Duo Eyelash Adhesive Waterproof Whitetone is a Tools.
Created for the professional artist to ease the smooth application of liquid makeup, this smooth silk and latex sponge has a unique shape that enables a thorough, flawless and streak-free application, with less product waste.
What it is: A polyurethane makeup sponge. What it does: Make Up For Ever HD Sponge is a soft and gentle sponge that is particularly suited for applying HD Invisible Cover Foundation as well as other liquid foundations. It's designed with a pointed end to access the most delicate and hard to reach areas and has another rounded end for faster, broader strokes over the entire face.
Widely used by pros, this spatula is used to pick up cosmetic products hygienically instead of dipping brushes or fingers in them directly. It can also be used as a palette to blend different colors and should be cleaned with alcohol.
What it is: A soft sponge used for the application of high-coverage and water-based foundations. What it does: Round Synthetic Sponge is the ideal tool for quick make up application on large areas. Its light texture feels soft on the skin and makes it easy to wash. What else you need to know: Washable.
The Double Barrel Pencil Sharpener was specially designed for the Pearly Waterproof Pencils (Eye Contour and Eye Shadow). The tungsten blade gently sharpens the very soft tips on these pencils
This pencil sharpener's tungsten blade is specially designed to gently sharpen the very soft tips used in make-up pencils.
These “crab-shaped” bevelled tweezers allow you to remove hair quickly and gently without breaking them.
Make Up For Ever Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Easy to use and suitable for all skin types, this powder combines an extremely fine yet dense texture. Only a small amount is necessary for a visible and fabulous result.
Aqua Shadow dresses the eyes in pearly natural or matte smoky shades, all intense and irresistible. With its large tip and creamy texture, it can be applied in a single stroke, leaving behind exactly the right amount of product. Its unprecedented texture quickly covers the eyelid; it stays perfectly in place and does not highlight skin creases. Its buildable coverage enables natural as well as sophisticated makeup results, and it is easily blended with the fingertips.
Eyecolors in a variety of brilliant shades and versatile textures.These Eyecolors provide a variety of coverage options, from opaque allover lid color and crease contouring to shimmering, translucent shades that add subtle or dramatic highlights. Use them wet or dry and mixed together with other bareMinerals products to customize colors as you desire. Their consistency makes them incredibly easy to apply and blend.
Enjoy hours of long-wearing vivid color with Round the ClockTM Waterproof Eyeliner. This easy-glide formula smoothes on soft and creamy for blending until it sets for a waterproof line that won't smudge, run or fade.
Shine naturally — without preservatives, parabens and artificial dyes. Our all-natural polish combines 100% pure bareMinerals with delectable ingredients such as Pomegranate Seed Oil and Honeysuckle Flower Extract.
bareMinerals All-Over Face Colors provide a natural luminosity that is similar to the dewiness of a child's skin. Sweep these illuminating minerals on your cheeks, forehead, and chin for an instant goddess glow.
The innovative hydrating glaze of our Pretty Amazing Lipcolor cocoons your lips in opaque high-impact lipcolor. The cushiony texture, insatiable shine and seriously polished appearance will propel you into an elevated state of gorgeousness. And our precision applicator handles like a racecar, cornering, sculpting and accentuating every curve of your luscious lips for enduring color with real staying power. Pretty Amazing.
Some things are just naturally decadent — like our creamy, long-lasting lipcolors, which are made from only the best all-natural ingredients. That means no artificial dyes, preservatives or irritants whatsoever.
Amp up lips with a translucent splash of vivid high fidelity color and soft glistening shine. This sheer gel loads lips with shea butter and jojoba seed oil for maxed-out moisture for nourished and conditioned lips.
Discover fabulous, good-for-you cheek color. These creamy, 100 percent pure bareMinerals Blushes give you a beautiful, healthy tone that looks natural, because it is. Create a soft, radiant glow that's ideal for all skin types, including sensitive and problem-prone skin.
This mascara defines lashes without smudging, flaking, or clumping. The sleek wand works like a 360° fine-toothed comb to separate and lift each lash and features a tapered tip designed specifically for coating hard-to-reach corner lashes. Our formula conditions and revitalizes lashes. 
Redefine gorgeous with bareMinerals Liner Shadow, a multi-talented alternative to traditional eyeliner. Sweep it on dry for soft, smoky shading, or wear it wet for a dramatic, fine line.
Eyebrows are expressive. What are yours saying? With bareMinerals Brow Color, you can help them communicate the right style by giving them a natural form and color that frames your face and highlights your eyes.
A mascara that give lashes the mineral care they've been craving while also delivering big-time volume and the perfect definition.This mascara contains the exclusive NutriPlump™ formula that dramatically plumps lashes up to 600%* for unheard-of thickness, fullness, and flutter. The 100% pure bareMinerals formula is paraben free, clump free, and smudge proof, for lusciously thick lashes with superior volume.*After two coats of mascara, based on an independent study.
This longwearing, yet gentle formula accentuates and separates each and every lash, while it also lengthens, darkens, lifts and strengthens for all-around, beautiful lashes.
Wink, blink, and bat your eyes. With Flawless Definition Mascara, you'll enjoy every lash. The tapered wand lengthens, darkens and lifts, separating each individual lash for precision definition.
A high-intensity color eye shadow.This vibrantly colored shadow imparts a mega-watt sheen. The velvety-smooth formula glides on effortlessly for an extra creamy, opaque, foiled effect. 
Prime Time Primer Shadows provide vivid, rich, light-reflective metallic color in a lightweight texture.
Unleash your inner Moxie with a fabulously full, pillowy pout. This luscious lipgloss delivers sheer, vivid color and a shiny mirror-like finish that lasts for hours.
Our all-natural lipliner is made without any preservatives, artificial dyes or parabens. So you feel good and look good. Give your lipcolor new depth and staying power with this precise, soft-tipped lipliner.
Maybe we can't sunbathe in baby oil anymore, but we don't need to slather ourselves with heavy, greasy chemical sunscreens, either. Our super-portable SPF 30 Natural Sunscreen is sheer and weightless, and it can be used from head to toe without clogging pores. It'll change the way you feel about sunscreen forever — for the better.
Protect skin day after day with this incredibly nourishing moisturizer that delivers powerful SPF protection to shield against the sun's harmful rays. 
Protect skin day after day with this incredibly nourishing moisturizer that delivers powerful SPF protection to shield against the sun's harmful rays. 
Get the ultimate flawless finish while protecting your skin from harmful UVA/UVB rays. Make the most of your makeup with Mineral Veil, a see-through but spectacular finale for any kind of complexion. Minimizing lines, absorbing oils, and softening your complexion, it gives you a flawless finish that's too good to miss.
An antioxidant-rich blush that enhances cheeks with stay-put, buildable color. Powered by BareMinerals’ proprietary SeaNutritive Mineral™ Complex with antioxidants and cold-pressed camellia oil, this silky long-wearing formula delivers incredible antiaging benefits. With its wide array of shades to choose from, this solid mineral color lasts for up to eight hours. 
Mica, Lauroyl Lysine, Boron Nitride, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Corallina Officinalis Extract, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Calcium Ketogluconate, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Daucus Carota Sativa (Carrot) Root Extract, Brassica Campestris (Rapeseed) Seed Oil, Tocopherol, Silica, Tin Oxide, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491).
Diffuses the look of imperfections while reducing shine for a flawless finish throughout the day. 
For more control and a perfect finish, try the Angled Face Brush, which works great with bareMinerals All-Over Face Colors and Radiances. The soft-tapered bristles hug your cheek contours and provide a light-to-medium application.
This small, angled brush is the right tool to achieve perfectly sculpted cheeks. The soft-tapered bristles hug your cheek contours and provide a light-to-medium application of bareMinerals Blush or All-Over Face Color.
Use our Angled Liner Shadow Brush for incredible precision. The firm, angled bristles give you greater control when creating a straight or contoured line that curves slightly up at the outer edge of your eye. They also give full color intensity to your lash base when using bareMinerals Liner Shadows.
With all the same softness and control of the Buki Brush, our Baby Buki simply has a smaller handle. Buff fine features in smaller areas — such as around the eyes and nose — with precision, thanks to the full, firm brush head. Or use it on your whole face for heavier coverage.
This tool is great for applying light Eyecolor coverage over your entire eyelid, softening contour color, and correcting mistakes. It can even apply concealer and blend face colors to add dimension. Medium-textured with a full brush head, it's made of the finest-quality hairs.
A translucent finishing touch with a hint of bronze tint. This limited-edition finishing powder infuses skin with softness and light while protecting your skin from harmful UV rays. Buff on gently to absorb excess oil, minimize the appearance of pores, and keep skin looking fresh.
For a truly spellbinding look, there's only one tool to use. Our revolutionary Magic Wand Brushless Mascara coats each eyelash one at a time from every angle for fuller, longer-looking lashes and glamorously enchanting eyes — the perfect optical illusion.
Made for Mineral Veil, this retractable face brush locks securely closed, so you can grab it and go with confidence. The tapered bristles are specially designed to hold just the right amount of Mineral Veil finishing powder for a flawless finish wherever you go.
This flexible tool blends smoothly along the crease, creating soft, smoky looks. Also great for providing detail highlights along the brow bone. Perfect for applying bareMinerals READYTM Eyeshadows.
Sweep great coverage right into your crease. This angled brush head is designed to buff back and forth in the crease for foolproof definition and blending. And thanks to its long handle, it works from any angle.
The pointed end of this versatile brush allows you to detail, highlight and apply liner shadow like a pro and can be used wet or dry. The other, tapered Contour Shadow Brush end sweeps shadow on the lower lid.
A water-activated, powder-based cleanser. What it is formulated to do:Gently exfoliate, cleanse, and renew skin with this formula powered by the 100-percent pure RareMinerals ActiveSoil Complex. This concentrated formula delivers a brighter, smoother complexion with visibly diminished pores and a naturally luminous glow. 
Gently exfoliate, cleanse and renew skin with this water-activated powder cleanser that's powered by our proprietary ActiveSoil Complex. This concentrated formula delivers a brighter, smoother complexion with remarkably smaller-looking pores.
The plush, large-angled brush side provides sweeping color from lash to brow, while the firm, small-angled brush side is used along the upper and lower lash lines to create a softer, more rounded shape.
Visibly firm, tighten and improve skin texture and smoothness with this extra-firming neck cream powered by the proprietary ActiveSoilTMComplex. This clinically proven, all-in-one cream targets the special needs of the delicate skin around the neck and décolleté, locks in moisture to restore a youthful, lifted look and helps defend against environmental stressors.
This angled brush head is perfect for exact detailing and blending in the contour crease. Brushes on as light or as heavy as you want to apply Eyecolor for any occasion.
Say goodbye to clumps, bumps and stuck-together lashes. Our lash-separating metal comb helps you keep your lashes free and clear. Start at the lash line and work outward to eliminate clumps. Consider it the finishing touch for flawless eyes.
Curling your top lashes is an instant pick-me-up. Before you put on your primer or mascara, use our Eyelash Curler to shape and curve your lashes without any uncomfortable pinching or pulling.
 Our finely pointed Liner Brush works great with our eyeliners and provides full color intensity. Use it wet or dry to explore different looks each day.
This on-the-go professional sharpener keeps your Round the ClockTM Waterproof Eyeliners in perfect condition for a flawless application, all day long.
An eye treatment that visibly restores firmness and reduces puffiness around the eyes. What it is formulated to do:This dramatically effective treatment reveals refreshed, younger looking eyes. The RareMinerals ActiveSoil Complex powers this product, delivering firmer, smoother skin around the delicate eye area, morning and night. 
You never know when it could happen. So, until then, protect your lips from sun damage and climate chaos. Our antioxidant-rich lip conditioner contains natural SPF 8 as well as a blend of healthy skin-softening ingredients. Use it regularly, and your lips will be supple, conditioned...and game for anything.
Our foolproof Flathead Shadow Brush is wide, full and blunt-cut for a soft, even amount of color over the entire eyelid.
The natural, soft-tapered bristles of this professional brush are designed to provide sheer-to-medium coverage for a broad range of easy, professional-looking applications with bareMinerals Foundation, All-Over Face Color, Blush and Mineral Veil® finishing powder.
Buff your way to flawless radiance. This large, long-layered brush head was specially designed for our Radiances. 
Buff on your bareMinerals SPF 15 Foundation with speed and ease. The Kabuki's large, firm brush head allows for flawless, full-coverage application in record time. And it feels incredible on your skin.
This flexible, broad-angled brush is designed to follow the curvature of your eye for a precise, one-stroke application. So you get a natural progression of eyeliner all the way to the outer corner. The full, concentrated bristles make it look like you're lining from the inside.
This plush, full-tapered brush delivers the ultimate complexion luxury when applied in broad sweeping strokes all-over the face for medium-to-full coverage with bareMinerals Foundation.
This flat dome-shaped brush doubles as an all-over lid brush for full, opaque coverage, and also as a lower lid and crease contour brush. The silky-smooth, tight tapers provide full color intensity. 
This firm brush head was designed for precise application and a flawless look. It'll quickly become your go-to brush for buffing bareMinerals SPF 15 Foundation on fine features such as the eyes and nose.
Even novices will feel like pros using this virtually goof-proof brush. Enjoy a sheer halo of bareMinerals All-Over Face Color with the large, soft, blunt-cut brush head. It feels incredibly soft on the skin and creates a naturally glowing look.
Perfect for our Liner Shadows, this brush has a softly textured and tapered brush head to give you sheer-to-medium color intensity and defined lining.
This ultra-soft, tapered brush makes crease contouring and blending as easy as humanly possible. Use it with bareMinerals Eyecolors for sheer-to-medium color intensity.
Quenching your skin is even better with a tool made for the job. This lush, long-layered brush has antibacterial properties to prevent the breakdown of our delicate, water-encapsulated Hydrating Mineral Veil formula. The large brush head allows for broad, sweeping strokes to hydrate and brighten simultaneously, so you get the perfect finishing touch to a smooth, fresh complexion.
Gently dissolve waterproof mascara and long-wearing eye makeup for perfectly clean lids and lashes with no greasy residue. This dual-action formula lifts away impurities without any tugging, pulling or stinging. A unique mineral complex plus naturally derived emollients keep skin moisturized while cucumber soothes the delicate eye area. 
Brighten and renew skin with this targeted radiance treatment. Powered by our proprietary ActiveSoil Complex, these intensive glow pads infuse skin with potent vitamins and minerals and increase cell turnover to deliver incredible luminosity and noticeably improved skin tone and texture.
Hydrate skin with this lightweight, remarkably effective moisturizer.
The secret to striking lashes? In addition to a little lash curling, you need to build the perfect base. Our Lash Builder applies a conditioning base coat that helps mascara last longer and appear thicker. Use this beauty essential anytime you need to pump up the volume.
This smooth, domed-shaped brush works beautifully with our Natural Light Face Lifting Duo and Well-Rested for Eyes. Maximize the brightening effects and add a lift to several areas of the face with this great tool.
Take off your bareMinerals in one clean swipe. Whether you're traveling or just always on the go, our gentle, alcohol-free wipes cleanse and hydrate your skin with no rinsing required.
Our smooth Maximum Coverage Face Brush offers the fullest and most precise all-over application.
Broken capillaries. Scars. Blemishes. Conceal and conquer any imperfection with this soft brush, which gives you fuller, more concentrated coverage. That's because the firm, medium-sized brush head holds more SPF 20 Concealer. 
Clinically proven to diminish the appearance of forehead wrinkles, brow furrows, crow's feet and frown lines,* this potent treatment is created to work on multiple surface layers of the skin. 
Silky synthetic bristles are angled to fit the contours of your face for precise medium-to-full coverage of bareMinerals READY® SPF 20 Foundation.
Small enough to give you precision coverage. Firm enough to give you full coverage. This silky, petite brush is perfect for applying concealer to specific, hard-to-reach imperfections, before or after you put on your Foundation.
Adds an extraordinarily luminous, healthy-looking glow to your skin while smoothing out your complexion. 
A repackaged editionnow double in sizeof Bare Escentuals' bestselling silky eyelid primer.Designed especially for use with bareMinerals, this primer is an oil-free, fragrance-free way to maximize the color and extend the wear of your favorite bareMinerals Eyeshadows, Glimmers, and Glimpses. The gentle formula goes on sheer and lightweight yet provides heavy-duty staying power for the most vibrant and lasting color. Perfect for those days when you need all-day, all-night wear, the sheer, neutral tint doesn't interfere with your favorite colors, while the bareMinerals-infused smoothing base keeps excess oil from affecting wear.
An amazing preservative-free foundation primer that's great for all skin types. Developed to combat flaky dryness, rough patches, fine lines, excess oil, enlarged pores, and uneven texture, this mineral-infused, satin-finish formula glides on seamlessly with no tacky feel to provide a skin-smoothing complexion before you apply foundation. For added age-defying power, it is infused with soothing plant extracts, antioxidants, and nourishing vitamins C and E.
A preservative-free foundation primer that's great for all skin types, especially those looking to correct uneven skin texture. Create a silky, smooth canvas for a flawless foundation application. With its color-correcting yellow base and light-reflective pigments, this innovative foundation primer immediately neutralizes the appearance of discoloration, uneven skintone, and redness for brighter, younger-looking skin. The mineral-infused formula glides on seamlessly, combatting flaky dryness, rough patches, and uneven skin texture. 
Create an ultra silky smooth canvas and experience your most flawless foundation application ever. Prime Time Oil Control Foundation Primer combats excess oil and absorbs shine while minimizing the appearance of pores, fine lines and wrinkles.
Hydrate skin with this lightweight, remarkably effective moisturizer.
Nourish skin with this remarkably effective moisturizer for improved firmness, elasticity, radiance and smoother skin texture.
A lathering cleanser that purifies skin and removes eye makeup. What it is formulated to do:This gentle cleanser transforms into a light, creamy texture to remove makeup, dissolve impurities, and rebalance skin for a soft, smooth complexion. The 100 percent pure RareMinerals ActiveSoil Complex powers this product, leaving skin feeling perfectly clean, hydrated, and with a naturally luminous glow. Plus, it's gentle enough for eye makeup removal. 
Use our fast-drying cleaning spray for a quick change of makeup using the same brush. Switch from one shade to the next and keep your application true to color every time. 
Reduce facial redness on contact and over time with this incredibly effective soothing treatment. Powered by our ActiveSoil Complex, it also instantly minimizes the appearance of broken capillaries and brightens skin for a healthy-looking, more even-toned complexion. Appropriate for all skin types, including sensitive. Includes antibacterial-treated Soothing Compress Brush. 
It's a brush. It's a makeup holder. It's the perfect travel companion. Fill our patent-pending Refillable Buffing Brush with any bareMinerals complexion product provides convenient, on-the-go application. 
A moisturizing eye cream that diminishes the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.What it is formulated to do:Hydrate the eye area with this moisturizing cream to help diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Powered by the RareMinerals ActiveSoil Complex, this product revitalizes skin and boosts moisture, leaving the delicate eye area looking revived, refreshed, and luminous.
A portable version of our Flawless Application Face Brush, it has a retractable brush head and protective cover. The soft, tapered brush head provides light-to-medium coverage all over the face. Use it with bareMinerals SPF 15 Foundation, Mineral Veil, Blush and All-Over Face Colors.
Perfect for on-the-go, the silky synthetic bristles of this retractable brush are angled to fit the contours of your face for precise medium-to-full coverage of bareMinerals READY® SPF 20 Foundation.
Shine happens. Be prepared with our Shine Control Sheets, which eliminate excess oil on contact anytime, anywhere. Simply tear a sheet out of the matchbook-style pack and pat it on your skin. You'll see the darkened oil imprints develop right away for instant proof of absorption.
Get a more radiant-looking complexion by creating a smooth surface for your bareMinerals SPF 15 Foundation.
Our finely pointed Slanted Eyeliner Brush has a bent tip, which allows you to apply bareMinerals Liner Shadows with ease. All you need to do to create a precise line is hold the slanted brush horizontally and follow the natural curve of your lash line. For different effects, try using it both wet and dry.
Put on that big screen glow. Designed especially for our bareMinerals Soft-Focus All-Over Face Colors, this plush brush feels amazing on your skin. Use it for sheer, natural coverage that's virtually goof-proof.
It's virtually impossible to overdo your Liner Shadow with this silky, angled brush. And thanks to the protective brush cover, the Soft Focus Liner Brush can be tossed in your purse for touch-ups on the go.
This foolproof dome-shaped brush buffs on sheer-to-medium Eyecolor intensity with a soft, smooth finish.
Buff with confidence and control. Our Tapered Blush Brush lightly applies and blends blush with a perfectly rounded brush head. Thanks to the soft, flexible bristles, you control exactly how and where to apply color — for perfect contour and a natural flush.
Get loads of looks with this versatile brush, which doubles as both a contour Eyecolor brush and a Liner Shadow brush. It's perfect for small areas like the lid and lash line. The tightly tapered, dome-shaped brush head provides medium color intensity for your eyes.
Brushes need care, too. Keep your brushes in great shape with our Well-Cared For Brush Conditioning Shampoo. This rich, foaming cleanser washes away all traces of dirt, makeup, oil and debris. Then, thanks to nourishing ingredients, it conditions the hair and fibers for a soft finish.
Whether you want soft and subtle or that high-sheen gleam, this versatile brush will apply bareMinerals Eyecolors anywhere on the eye, either wet or dry. Dampen the brush for an opaque, foiled effect or use it dry for softer looks.
Reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles with this targeted skin-plumping concentrate. The miraculous formula melts into skin to instantly reveal smoother, unbelievably softer, younger-looking skin with improved texture.
bareMinerals READY Makeup Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $54.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Marvelous Moxie Lipgloss Palette is a Lip Palette that retails for $25.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Shade #1 is a warm brown with a natural finish that is permanent.
bareMinerals READY Bronzer buffs on rich golden bronze color for a beautifully even, buildable glow. Powered by our proprietary SeaNutritive MineralTM Complex with antioxidants and cold-pressed carrot oil, this silky long-wearing formula delivers incredible anti-aging benefits. Solid mineral color lasts for up to 8 hours.
bareMinerals The Winner Is retails for $20.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
Highlight and contour cheekbones in one sexy sweep with this satiny pink and bronze powder duo. They're a perfect 10! Complete with soft, natural-bristle cheek brush. Easy step-by-step contouring lesson included.
This deep brown mascara darkens your lashes so they are crazy noticeable, not crazy-crazy. It shows off what you already have... only BETTA! The slim-line brush defines every lash to give soft, natural, fluttery lashes.
This big, BAD, black eye pencil is a beauty addict's dream and a makeup artist's must-have. Dark, smoky, mysterious...being BAD never looked so good! The powdery consistency makes this black pencil ideal for smooth, straight lines, and can also be smudged for a smoky, sexy look.
Sexy, dramatic, pure unadulterated black mascara for full, voluminous lashes. Famously big brush coats lashes with our thick black formula. It's as BAD as you want to be! .
Our slimline BADgal liner waterproof eye pencils, now available in three shades, is long-wearing so it stays put rain or shine. The versatile blending tip on one end helps create soft definition or sultry drama.
Our rich, luxurious plum mascara intensifies your natural eye color while lushifying your lashes. Features the same famous BADgal lash mascara formula & voluminous brush for big, BAD lashes!
A long-lasting, smudge-proof, waterproof mascara that packs the same black bad-itude as our original BADgal lash mascara for lashes that perform rain or shine! The slimline brush makes it easy to apply and dries fast so you can add multiple coats in a flash.
Our original rose-tinted stain is kiss-proof, see-through color for lips & cheeks that lasts for hours. Naturally sheer & sexy on all complexions...it’s innocent yet provocative.
Created from our legendary benetint, this tinted lip balm with SPF 15 perks up your lip color for a perfectly smooth, shiny, flirty finish.
You’re blushing! Our blush powder brush has natural hair that applies just the right amount of powder for ravishingly rosy cheeks.
Benefit Thrrrob that is permanent and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
Our minty lip shine freshens your breath and brightens your smile. So pick a partner and let the kissin' begin! The subtle blue sheen makes teeth appear whiter and the minty taste freshens breath!
This mango-tinted stain beautifully blushes lips & cheeks with a tropical coral hue. Smooch-proof & smudge-proof, our sheer stain has a natural finish that will leave you looking deliciously vibrant for hours.
Look like you’ve got nothing to hide! Our synthetic hair concealer brush is tapered at the end for precision application of all cream concealers.
Perfect for applying creaseless cream shadow/liners, thecream shadow brush is designed with synthetic hair to pick up and put on cream shadow like a pro.
Blendable, beautiful...this do-it-all shadow lines, shades, and contours your eyes with a lovely crease-proof, smudge-proof formula. Mix & match...layer on for the desired depth...go as sheer or as dramatic as you like with buildable color. These gorgeous creams can be worn alone or mixed for endless custom looks. You'll love the glass jar...remember to close it tight to keep your cream shadow creamy & dreamy!
Mattify shine with our invisible, weightless balm that leaves skin feeling silky-soft. Fabulous for mid-day touch-ups... this makeup artist fave can be worn alone, under or on top of makeup. Contains Vitamins A, C & E to help smooth away the appearance of fine lines.
Sharpen your pencils, thick or thin, to the perfect point with ourdual pencil sharpener. It's twice as nice! Also includes a special adaptor to fit the high brow pencil.
Indulge in a palette of eight gorgeous bareMinerals READY(R) Eyeshadows inspired after some of bareMinerals(R) most beloved original eyecolors. This essential palette of pretty pink, taupe, copper, and peach is softly ethereal and naturally versatile. Mix and match the delicate, sun-swept hues to create endless alluring looks from soft natural to shimmering sexy and everything in between. It's pure color that's incredibly long wearing and amazingly blendable with clinically proven antiaging benefits.
Curled & precisely separated lashes for a perfectly pretty look
Fine-one-one to the rescue! This sheer brightening cheek & lip color gives your look instant LIFT, SHAPE and POP. Glide on the three shades—pink champagne, sheer watermelon and soft coral—for a sheer coral pink flush that builds from soft & natural to bright & cheery.
There's clean & there's really clean. This 1-step facial wash effectively cleanses the skin & removes makeup & impurities with a soft, gentle lather. Formulated for all skin types.
Flawlessly smooth on foundation where fingers can’t. Ourfoundation brush uses two tone synthetic hair for a natural-looking, streak-free finish.
Your search for the perfect lipstick is over! From naughty nudes to red carpet reds, these rich, seductive full-finish lipsticks give you the coverage and color you've been longing for. This creamy formula with medium to full coverage. Leaves lips with a smooth finish. With 20 glamorous shades to choose from, you'll want them all!
This soft, golden-pink liquid pearl luminizer features light-reflecting pigments to give your complexion an exquisite, dewy glow. It includes raspberry & chamomile, known for their soothing properties…and sweet almond seed extract  known to help improve skin firmness & smoothness. Pat it on over blush to highlight cheekbones with a pop of pearly pleasure!
Ideal for filling in brows and lining eyes, this brush’s fine but firm synthetic hair can do it all!
This soft brow highlighting pencil is your instant brow lift! Perfect for all skintones, the linen-pink highlight hue adds a lifted look to the entire eye area. It's never been easier to raise a brow…or two!
Get WOW brows with this soft highlighting pencil, now in a glowing champagne-pink shade. A single stroke under your arches instantly lifts & illuminates!
Individual lashes for custom fullness & length
This is your perfect brow pencil for soft, subtle, long-wearing definition in an instant. It glides on easily and leaves a natural powder-like finish. Where you go, your brow pencil should follow! The spoolie tip makes blending a breeze. Comes in three shades to complement every brow color.
Your eyes can't keep a secret...they're the first to show signs of age & stress. It's potent! eye cream fades dark circles & helps smooth fine lines for brighter, younger-looking eyes. Contains a peptide complex known to help restore elasticity & firmness, a blend of hydrating botanical extracts including apple extract, known to help boost collagen, & loquat extract, known to help protect the skin from free radical damage.
Clear adhesive that dries quickly for easy lash application
Wake up your eyelids! This warm yellow correcting cream helps to hide redness & discoloration with just a dab. In a snap, eyes look refreshed, frisky, and ready for fun. One shade blends to perfection on any complexion. Includes a mirror for freshening up on the go. 
For full, sexy lips use lip plump before lipstick. This neutral-toned lip enhancer helps to smooth and fill in fine lines while building up the contour of the lips, making them appear fuller and younger. This is the original lip plump since 1995! Contains jojoba oil, known to smooth and soften skin.
Finally…powder eyeshadow in a fabulous longwearing formula. This soft & silky shadow comes in 12 wearable shades and three finishes: matte, satin and sheen. From pale shell to brilliant silver, we’ve got you covered!
Sexy, stunning & sinfully black...it's the perfectly precise eyeliner for drama that lasts.
The special step for extra radiant skin. Moisture prep toning lotion smoothes & revitalizes allowing skin to fully optimize benefits of your moisturizer. Contains vitamin E acetate, natural oat & meadowsweet, botanical extracts known to purify & smooth the skin and help reduce fine lines. This specialized formula contains a blend of aloe leaf and yeast extract, known to clarify & soothe the skin.
It's so easy to tint and gloss on-the-go! This double-ended, portable duo has benetint, our famous rose-tinted lip & cheek stain on one end and shiny clear lip gloss on the other. 
This pretty pair is bloomin’ gorgeous…posietint on one end & california kissin’ on the other. Brighten cheeks & lips with a cheerful pop of poppy-pink and a dab of smile-brightening gloss… anytime, anywhere! 
Smudge, shade and contour eye shadows with the powder shadow brush. Natural hair makes it easy to apply color anywhere on your eyelids for a set of peepers that pop.
Walk on the wild side with sparkling peacock-blue lashes & pearlescent pink lips. Rowr!
Dull skin from daily stress? Refined finish facial polishbeautifully brightens the complexion, gently exfoliating to purify the skin & help minimize the appearance of pores to reveal skin's natural radiance. Contains natural clay & seaweed extract rich in minerals, nutrients & sugars, known to purify the skin.
Removing your makeup is as important as applying it. Remove it makeup remover effectively removes eye makeup, including long-wearing & waterproof formulas, with an oil-free, no-rinse formula.
Our flattering silky finish lipsticks are sheer and buildable, so you can customize your look: a light wash of color for au natural gals or an amped-up POP of color for the drama queen in you!
Tint, tame and set brows in record time! This brush-on gel dries to a natural-looking finish for instantly beautiful brows. One natural shade dresses up all brows.
This dual-action power primer works 360 degrees around the eyes to make concealers AND eyeshadows STAY PUT. Concealers don't crease, eyeshadows stay vibrant & true. Sodium hyaluronate hydrates while Vitamins C & E help fight signs of aging. 
This dual-action power primer works 360 degrees around the eyes to make concealers AND eyeshadows STAY PUT. Concealers don't crease, eyeshadows stay vibrant & true. Sodium hyaluronate hydrates while Vitamins C & E help fight signs of aging. 
This golden bronze highlighter gives you a natural, sunkissed radiance. Dot & blend over makeup on to cheek & brow bones for a bronzed glow that complements all skintones. It’s liquid sunshine in a bottle!
This sheer, glimmering body balm adds a seductive golden-pink sheen to legs and body. It's pure body luxury! Comes complete with Bathina's velvet puff for a smooth application.
Our silky pink primer takes your complexion from dull to darling! Simply blend it on for the look of brighter, smoother skin. Contains light-reflecting pigments to help brighten all skin tones and raspberry & chamomile to soothe skin.
They're real! lengthens, curls, volumizes, lifts & separates. Our jet black, long-wearing formula won’t smudge or dry out. A specially designed brush reveals lashes you never knew you had!
This breakthrough mascara reveals lashes you never knew you had with a specially designed brush that can be used horizontally AND vertically. The long-wearing jet-black formula lengthens, curls, volumizes, lifts and separates.
Sweep this retractable brush through brows daily to keep them in tip-top shape. Perfect for gals on the go. Specially designed spiral brush features thick, nylon bristles ideal for shaping brows.The extra-long handle doubles as a sleek retractable case to keep bristles clean and protected.
It's THE ultimate precision tweezer for those hard-to-reach hairs. The pointed tip is so pro, it practically does the job for you! The stainless steel tips are hand-filed and perfectly aligned for expert results.
Curl like you've never curled before! Our ProCurl Curler is designed with a narrower top bar to fit all eye shapes for the curliest, flirtiest, sky-high lashes. The ergonomic, narrower top bar is contoured to fit all eye shapes and get every lash - even on deeper set eyes. Three replacement pads included.
Keep those strays away! Use this essential tweezer for day-to-day maintenance & say bye-bye to wandering brows. The perfectly aligned, hand-filed stainless steel tips are slanted to grab every hair, every time with the smoothest precision.
The plushness is poutrageous! Our soft & silky glosses glide on sooo smooth, drenching lips in luscious color that’s never sticky. 
Our new plush glosses glide on extra smooth and feel ahhh-mazingly silky & luxurious.
Even the brightest complexions need a quick pick-me-up now & then. Ultra radiance facial re-hydrating mist instantly enhances radiance with our exclusive tri-radiance complex to deliver immediate & long-term hydration.
Our dazzling lip glosses drench your lips in brilliant shine and a burst of juicy color that's never sticky.
These velvet eyeshadows glide on light as a feather & the gorgeous shades look fabulous on everyone! Glide on bare lids for a dose of sheer, velvety color or layer over creaseless cream shadows for even richer color.
Benefit Brow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $38.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Brow Zings Powder is a Brow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Brow Zings Wax is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Eye Bright is a Brow.
Benefit Brow Highlighter Powder is a Brow.
Benefit Natural-Shaded Powder is a Brow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Sweet-n-Wow! retails for $29.00.
Benefit Ultra Shines lip Shine is a Lipgloss.
Benefit Eye Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $32.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Base Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Countour Shadow is a Contour. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Highlight Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Contour Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Liner Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Liquid Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Leaves nails with a high gloss finish. Can also be used for airbrushed nails and is a great as a sealer for nail art.
Rehydrates and revitalizes cuticles and nails. The distinctive combination of cotton seed and soybean oils seal in moisture and aid in rehydrating and revitalizing cuticles and nails while providing maximum nourishment.
Replenishes and levels the nail plate with a special blend of strengtheners, conditioners, micro-fibers and natural fillers. Mica boasts natural reflective properties that help fill in extremely deep ridges and conceal imperfections. Yucca, the natural plant extract helps moisturize and reduce inflammation. Creates an ultra-smooth base allowing for maximum adhesion of nail polish.
Helps bind nail polish to nail plate for a longer lasting manicure
It penetrates through fresh polish almost instantly. The unique, quick-drying formula penetrates polish leaving a chip-resistant, non-yellowing protective finish with a high gloss shine.
Don’t let your mani fall short… Essie Grow Faster Base Coat with argan oil and micro-nutrient rich algae extract helps protect nails from damage and breakage and creates a smooth surface for color application. 
Don’t let your mani be your weakest link… Essie Grow Stronger Base Coat with vitamin E, gingko biloba, and mineral strengtheners protects to help fortify nails. Nails become smoother, stronger feeling, and more resilient for reduced breakage. 
Helps strengthen and protect the nail while leaving a smooth finish. Silky amino acids enrich healthy nails for added strength while the fiber shield extends the duration of your manicure.
Essie A Crewed Interest is a peach with a luminous finish that is permanent and retails for $8.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Don’t let your mani fall short… Essie No Chips Ahead Top Coat resists chipping and peeling and helps protect color from fading. Just let the tried and tested anti-chip formula do all the work to extend your manicure for days. 
Helps strengthen and protect the nail while leaving a smooth finish. Wheat Protein enriches healthy nails for strength and elasticity. Protein Base Coat extends the duration of a manicure.
Gives natural nails with ridges or discoloration a smooth, even base. Its ingredients leave a translucent finish, the perfect base for manicures.
Helps hydrate nail to prevent peeling and splitting, while providing a smooth surface for nail polish application.
Deborah Lippmann™ signature nail polish was created for or inspired by some of the most iconic celebrities in fashion and music. Long-lasting, quick-dry formula is infused with strengthening green tea extract. All products contain NO toulene, NO formaldehyde or DBP and NO animal testing.
Give your lips something to smile about with these creamy creations from Deborah Lippmann™! These long-lasting lipsticks feature wearable color that can easily go from day to night. The lightweight texture feels great on lips, and leaves them with a glossy finish. Just like the beloved polishes, these lipsticks will become a must in your makeup collection. Formulated without toluene, formaldehyde or DBP.
Think of it like a face primer - it goes on before just before your base coat to clean up any residue that might have left over from the previous steps in your manicure so you get longer wear.
This quick-dry top coat dries nail color in minutes so you can get out the door that much faster. Plus, it is extremely durable and leaves nails with a high shine finish.
This Cuticle Oil is as pure as it gets. A tiny drop goes a long way (this bottle should last months). Gently massage a drop to your cuticle area whenever you see white around your cuticle. Apply it anytime because it won't stain your clothes or sheets.
A great cuticle remover is 'must' product for every manicure. Some cost-cutting salons will use a cuticle oil as a substitute, but they have two very different purposes. A cuticle oil is for hydration, and a cuticle remover loosens the dead skin and makes it easier to push back. So don't be fooled. The cuticle area is very delicate and should never be pushed back without applying a cuticle remover first to soften the skin. Trauma to this area can cause improper nail growth forever, so be careful.
Super fast-dry base coat that applies effortlessly to ensure easier, even color application.
Gives any nail lacquer a quick make-over, transforming your manicure into a fashionable matte finish in a smooth application.
FOOT FETISH foot file is designed with two exfoliating surfaces: one side treats denser callus with an intensive buffer and the other gently smooths common areas.
Kick up your heels and enjoy soft, sexy, smooth soles courtesy of this gentle-yet-powerful spray-on foot treatment. Infused with urea, it softens calluses, corns and cracked skin, prepping them for easy exfoliation.
Hard Rock is really great if you've just removed acrylics, or another nail enhancement and want to restore your nails back to health quickly. Your nails will not become brittle they will grow back with strength and flexibility.
This ultra-glossy top coat protects your manicure with a chip-resistant formula and a UV inhibitor so polish does not discolor or fade. For best results, allow nail color to dry, then apply a thin coat. 
Prevents nails from drying and peeling.
Your hands are the first to reveal your age. Keep them guessing with this award-winning hand cream that is formulated with shea butter, avocado and jojoba oil for unparalleled hydration. A botanical brightening complex to help even skin tone and a broad-spectrum sunscreen also lend a hand. Apply a dime size, and then thoroughly massage into the hands and cuticles.
Make your manicures last and last with this amazing base coat. Contains silica and silk fibers to fill in ridges and leave a smooth foundation for lacquer to adhere. Contains Aucoumea Klaineana extract, a natural resin from West African trees, which helps to strengthen nails and promotes healthier nails.
Simply follow the 4 simple (numbered) steps to give nails a clean, polished look in minutes.
This crystal grapefruit scrub repairs cracked, dry, rough heels by simultaneously exfoliating and hydrating. The antioxidant scrub encourages healthy collagen protection and production while deeply moisturizing and revitalizing feet.
he simplest way to soften and smooth is with my newly formulated - and newly packaged, STEPPIN' OUT foot cream. I've made it even more nourishing and more indulgent with the likes of acai, kokum butter, aloe vera and olive oil. Together, these ingredients deeply hydrate, thoroughly condition, provide antioxidant protection and rapidly soothe the most overworked soles. After one application, feet are touchably soft and noticeably smoother - rough, dry skin disappears on contact. At night, I like to generously indulge my heels and toes (even slip them into a pair of socks) for peep-toe perfection come morning.
Take it all off, in seconds, with this fast-acting, award-winning nail polish remover. From the lightest to the darkest of shades it does the work - not you. Plus, it is infused with lavender and aloe to help hydrate the nail plate.
Take it all off, in seconds, with this fast-acting, award-winning nail polish remover. From the lightest to the darkest of shades it does the work - not you. Plus, it is infused with lavender and aloe to help hydrate the nail plate.
High-performance Cuticle Nipper and dual-ended Cuticle Pusher made of stainless steel.
When applied to clean nails, micronized diamond core powder immediately diffuses the appearance of imperfections and nails become smoother and more even. It also reflects light, instantly giving nails a beautiful luminosity while minimizing the appearance of any yellowing or staining. TURN BACK TIME can be worn alone for a radiant, flawless bare nail, or used as a base to create the perfect canvas for color. It can also be used by anyone, at any age, for a bright, healthy-looking sheen.
Oxygen Raincoat Top Coat a waterproof and UV-resistant, high-shine top coat that carries oxygen to the nail and creates a chip-resistant finish that significantly extends the duration and gloss of your manicure in one simple step.
Bind color to nail with Zoya Anchor Basecoat. Polish adheres to nail by forming a bond between the nail plate and polish, preventing peeling and chipping. As an added bonus, complex protein chains strengthen nails.
What is Zoya Fast DropsDrying Drops Zoya Fast Drops is a miraculous liquid that dries polish completely from top coat through base coat. Never smudge your manicures again! What Zoya Fast Drops Drying Drops Does Impatience is a virtue. Manicures and pedicures are good to go with Zoya Fast Drops Speed Drops. These phenomenal bubble-preventing drops completely dry your topcoat,polish and base coat fast and enhance color vibrancy. Color stays fresh and gorgeous for up to two weeks.
What is Zoya Get Even Ridge Filler Zoya Get Even is an advanced ridge filling base coat, the evens out uneven nail ridges and and holds nail polish in place. What Zoya Get Even Ridge Filler Does Uneven nails need not prevent polish perfection. Zoya Get Even Ridge Filling Basecoat acts as a smoothing compound for natural nails. It fills in uneven nail surfaces with a dense fiber-like formula that grips the nail plate and creates a smooth surface to insure longer polish wear.
Zoya Hot Lips Lip Gloss is the worlds only lip gloss that combines color with lip therapy in one product. Zoya Hot Lips applies like silk and is flavored and scented with a light berry essence. All Zoya Hot Lips Lip Gloss is paraben free. Pick your favorite color, we guarantee you'll be addicted.
Zoya Addison that is permanent and retails for $9.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
What is Zoya Remove Plus Nail Polish Remover in Big Flipper Zoya Remove Plus is an award wining, gentle, yet highly effective 3-in-1 nail polish remover, nail prep and nail conditioner. Longer nail polish wear starts with Remove Plus. Now get Zoya Remove Plus packaged in the portable, spillproof 8oz Big Flipper pump container. What Zoya Remove Plus Nail Polish Remover Does Polish remover is just the beginning of what this wonder 3-in-1 formula achieves. Clean and prep nails while moisturizing, nourishing and fortifying the nail plate for guaranteed extended polish wear. Nails are left without a trace of nail lacquer, without streaking or staining, hydrated and ready for a base coat.
What is Zoya Renew Nail Polish Rejuvenator Zoya Renew Nail Polish Rejuvenator is the ultimate polish restorative. What Zoya Renew Nail Polish Rejuvenator Does Bring old, thick nail polish back to life with Zoya Renew Nail Polish Rejuvenator. Specifically designed to work with nail polish that is toluene, formaldehyde and DBP free. Zoya Renew Nail Polish Rejuvenator makes old polish like new!
Calcium Gel Fortifier
Fast Forward Top Coat penetrates and dries all layers of nail polish quickly.
Fast Freeze Quick Dry dries nail lacquer in seconds.
First & Last is the simplicity of a base coat and top coat in one bottle.
China Glaze 2030 retails for $7.50 and contains 0.50 oz.
Nail Strengthener & Growth Formula is vitamin and protein enriched to promote healthy nail growth
No Chip Top Coat provides a protective shield, which prevents lacquer from chipping and peeling.
Orange Cuticle Oil is a light refreshing, nourishing oil that penetrates dry, damaged cuticles.
Patent Leather Top Coat provides high-gloss shine with enhanced protection against chipping
Ridge Filler is a smoothing base coat that fills ridges to provide an even surface for manicures and pedicures
Strong Adhesion Base Coat increases wear-ability of nail lacquer, decreases chipping from underneath.
Super fast drying and shiny topcoat, 0-60 SPEED TOPCOAT dries layers in 60 seconds.
A must for enduring manicures and pedicures, CHIP FREE, is a pre-base cleanser that primes nails and helps polish stay chip resistant.
This conditioning cuticle oil hydrates brittle and damaged cuticles to promote healthy nail growth. CUTICLE SOOTHE is botanically infused to revitalize dry, crack and sore cuticles and nails. Lightly almond scented, use around the cuticles making them soft and pliable. Cuticle Soothe makes cuticle care a breeze!
Drying Drops! This rapid nail lacquer dryer is the perfect finale to your manicure or pedicure. DRY ICE has an extremely fast-drying formula which dries all layers in under a minute.
LOOSEN UP is a cuticle softener and remover that gently loosens dead skin formulated with soothing conditioning cuticle oil.
Whitens! The essential first step to a beautiful French manicure. MILKY WHITE whitens and brightens discoloration while smoothing nails for purely gorgeous French manicures.
Color Club Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer. There are 160 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fill the void with SMOOTH OPERATOR, a tinted ridge filler that creates a smooth and even nail surface. Great as prep for polish or all by itself.
Make polish stay put! The ultra-adhesive base coat finish of STUCK ON YOU helps natural nails bond to polish, keeping manicures and pedicures last longer.
VITABASE - Say goodbye to weak, brittle nails forever! The nourishing protein complex of VITABASE promotes stronger, healthier nails. See the difference in just two weeks.
Color intensifying topcoat gives life to dull and fading nail color in between manicures and pedicures! Enhanced with optical brighteners, VIVID will wake up your polish and add high levels of color intensity. Make your manicure new again!
All Cult Nails Lacquers are 4 Free and Cruelty Free!
Cult Nails Afterglow that is limited edition and retails for $12.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
All Cult Nails Lacquers are 4 Free and Cruelty Free!
Nubar was launched in 2000 with a view to create a healthy nail care alternative for beautiful nails. Founder Noubar Abrahamian set about creating the highest quality nail care products that were free of formaldehyde, toluene and DBP. With a varied and wide colour range, Nubar nail polishes are adored worldwide. Favourites include Purple Rain – a dramatic glitter filled purple polish, White Polka Dot – a pretty white glitter top coat and Greener, a rich, glittering emerald. All of Nubars's products have met the standards of PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) to be certified vegan and cruelty free.
First step for beautiful, long lasting nail color….. Color Bonding, Prevents Staining, Maximum Color Adhesion and Protection. Ultimate Nail Protection. Calcium Fortified for added Strength. Great for Natural Nails. Formaldehyde FREE, Toluene FREE, Phthalate (DBP) FREE
Nail Lacquer Thinner Great for Nail Lacquers and Nail Art.
Non-Acetone Formula for Natural or Artificial Nails. .Fortified with Calcium and Potassium-key minerals found in natural healthy nails. .Wont dry or strip even fragile nails. .Extra Gentile
Diamont Seal & Shine Quick Dry Top Coat The ultimate in quick dry top coats, this topcoat perfectly and completely seals any polish or nail art for extreme wear & shine. The final step for beautiful, long lasting nail color…One topcoat that seals and shines with UV-Protectors. Non-yellowing, fast drying, high gloss finish, chip resistant formaldehyde free, toluene free, phthalate (DBP) free.
Formulated to Hydrate & Nourish….. •Cucumber extracts to Hydrate & Nourish •Essential Oils to promote healthy Nail Growth •Keeps skin Soft and Supple
Cucumber Cuticle Oil Porfessional Size 8oz, * Essential Oils to help promote Healthy Nail Growth. * Cucumber Extracts to Hydrate & Nurish your skin. * Keeps Skin Soft and Supple. * Formaldehyde FREE! Toluene FREE! Phthalate (DBP) FREE!
Foundation Sticky Base Coat Professional 8oz *Color Bonding Base Coat *Ultimate Nail protection *Prevents Color Nail Staining *Superior Color Adhesion and Protection *Calcium Fortified for added Strength *Formaldehyde FREE, Toluene FREE, (DBP) Phthalate FREE.
Dry polish to touch in just 50 seconds ! ...... Super Fast Drying Accelerator. Enhances wear. Gives nails a clean, “just polished look”. Chip Resistant Freeze Dry Is Camphor Based Polish Dryer. Prevents: “Chips,” “Stains,” “Overlay lift.” Formaldehyde Free, Toluene Free. (DBP) Phthalate Free
Grapefruit Oil A zesty grapefruit astringent, antiseptic, and refreshing. This elixir is also a way to get rid of nail fungus such as inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis. Ideal for those seeking spa-quality formulas for everyday use at home. Contains Jojoba Oil, Bran Oil, Safflower Seed Oil, Ceramium Rubrum Extract, Morus Alba Root Extract, and Mulberry Root Extract. Aids in healing inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis.
Nail strengthener.
Great for Natural Nails. Nu Nail Growth Formula The healthy alternative to strengthen and lengthen beautiful natural nails Grow your nails healthy, strong and new with Nu Nail, an enriched formula that promotes healthy nail development. Presented by nubar Nail Systems, Nu Nail is free of Formaldehyde, Toluene, and (DBP)Phthalate. Nu Nail builds layers of protection to create beautiful natural nails. nubar Nu Nail improves soft, peeling, and brittle nails. Advanced condition of nails is evident after daily application the first week of use. As the condition of nails continues to improve, weekly application will further strengthen and lengthen nails. Treats:Soft, Peeling, Bitten, Weak or Thin Nails Instructions: Apply one coat of Nu-Nail on clean nails.Re-apply daily over the existing coats for one week without removing polish until your nails feel strong and healthy. After one week, clean your nails with non-acetone polish remover at which time you should feel and see the improvement of your nails. As the condition of your nails improve, apply every 3rd day on non-polished nails. If you wish to use polish on your nails then use Nu-Nail as a base coat and apply the polish on top of the Nu-nail. Re-apply or use the Nu-nail as a precautionary method to keep your nails healthy and strong. Formaldehyde FREE, Toluene FREE, Phthalate (DBP) FREE
A must have Top Coat…… An actual sun screen for your nails. •tAir Dry UV Protector •tSpecially designed for French manicures. Protects against damaging and color fading from ultra violet rays of the natural sun light and tanning beds. Non-yellowing, Non chip, Formaldehyde FREE, Toluene FREE, Phthalate (DBP) FREE
Passion Fruit Oil Experience the sweet scent of mouth-watering passion fruit from the Caribbean. This elixir is also a way to get rid of nail fungus such as inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis. Ideal for those seeking spa-quality formulas for everyday use at home. Contains Jojoba Oil, Bran Oil, Safflower Seed Oil, Ceramium Rubrum Extract, Morus Alba Root Extract, and Mulberry Root Extract. Aids in healing inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis.
Porcelain Base Coat 8oz * Porcelain enhanced for more strength * Strengthens & Protects * Ultimate in Polish Retention * Formaldehyde FREE! Toluene FREE! Phthalate (DBP) FREE!
Vanilla Oil Delightful sweetness of the tropics with a seductive kiss of the earth.Vanilla is soothing and harmonizing to the fire element in us; it stabilizes emotions. This elixir is also a way to get rid of nail fungus such as inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis. Ideal for those seeking spa-quality formulas for everyday use at home. Contains Jojoba Oil, Bran Oil, Safflower Seed Oil, Ceramium Rubrum Extract, Morus Alba Root Extract, and Mulberry Root Extract. Aids in healing inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis.
Originally formulated as a matte finish nail protector for men, V For Men Matte Finish Top Coat is a quick dry top coat that can be used to instantly transform any nubar nail lacquer to a matte finish when used as a top coat. V For Men dries quickly, penetrating all layers of polish, and retains its matte finish over any nubar nail lacquer. •Protects against environmental damage. Specially formulated for peeling or cracking nails. Promotes stronger, more resilient natural nails. Enriched with nail protein, contains calcium and vitamin C, D, E. Formaldehyde free, toluene free, phthalate (DBP) free
Sweet Almond Oil Derived from pressed almonds, Sweet almond oil is known to relieve skin itch and dryness. This elixir is also a way to get rid of nail fungus such as inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis. Ideal for those seeking spa-quality formulas for everyday use at home. Contains Jojoba Oil, Bran Oil, Safflower Seed Oil, Ceramium Rubrum Extract, Morus Alba Root Extract, and Mulberry Root Extract. Aids in healing inflamed skins, psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis.
Great to smooth out imperfections on the nails, Formaldehyde FREE, Toluene FREE, Phthalate (DBP) FREE
Porcelain enhanced for strength and durability! • Porcelain Enhanced • Ultimate in Polish Retention • Strengthens & Protects Nails • Promotes Healthy, Long Beautiful Natural Nails • Nail Lacquer, Nail Polish, Nail Color • Formaldehyde FREE, Toluene FREE, Phthalate (DBP) FREE
 Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
Made of the finest quality imported European Kolinsky Bristels. For the best quality and Performance.
This beautiful Red colored Aluminum body and cap brush is fitted with a #7 Sculpting hi Quality Kolynski bristtle brush. The removable cap makes it easy to use and store away without the possability of damaging the bristles.  The sharp conded shape of the bristle is the choice of the most qualified professional. This is the brush to use when you want to do precission work and look unique without sacrificing quality. 
This is a high quality #7 Oval UV Gel Brush. The Aluminum body and cap make it an attractive and easy to use and very attractive.  The oval Synthetic brush is a preferred choice of the professionals for ease of use and sculpting.  All Nubar Brushes are the preferred choice of professional techs.
UV Gel Brush with a wooden handle and aluminum cover make this brush superior in light weight and balance. Also offers protection with the aluminum cover for storage.  The high quality synthetic bristles make it easy to use and apply any gel over the nails.
A Simple two step Nail Shiner. Buff nail with one side and shine it up with the other side. Bring your nails to an incredible shine in just few seconds.
Nubar Basic Cuticle Pusher is a Tools that retails for $19.99.
Nubar Black Head Remover is a Tools that retails for $19.99.
Nubar Black Nail Tip Clipper is a Tools that retails for $24.99.
Nubar Blue Nail Tip Clipper is a Tools that retails for $24.99.
Nubar Cuticle Pusher is a Tools that retails for $19.99.
Nubar Cuticle Pusher W/Pusher is a Tools that retails for $19.99.
Nubar Hang Nail Clipper is a Tools that retails for $15.99.
Nubar Nail Gem Pacing Tool is a Tools that retails for $13.99.
Nubar Professional Toe Nail Clipper (Moon) is a Tools that retails for $34.99.
Nubar Purple Nail Tip Clipper is a Tools that retails for $24.99.
Nubar Red nail Tip Clipper is a Tools that retails for $24.99.
Nubar Slanted-Ingrown nail File is a Tools that retails for $15.99.
Nubar Spoon Cuticle Pusher W/Knife is a Tools that retails for $19.99.
Nubar Stork mesh Scissor is a Tools that retails for $12.99.
Nubar Teal Nail Tip Clipper is a Tools that retails for $24.99.
Nubar Two Sided Spoon/Cuticle Pusher is a Tools that retails for $19.99.
NDP8 nubar Skin Essentials lotions are made with rich Shea-butter permeating the skin's surface to achieve deep lasting moisture. All nubar lotions contain essential oils, vitamins A, Vitamin E and are NON-Paraben. Research into Parabens have found them to be carcinogenic. Use a generous amount in your hand and massage over entire body, concentrating on elbows, knees, and hands, or anywhere your skin feels rough or dry. Delicious Pear Delicious Pear is a blend of nourishing cucumber, hydrating melon mixed with the irresistible aroma of ripe pear. nubar Skin Essentials Delicious Pear Hand and Body Lotion goes on smoothly, leaving skin hydrated and soft. Rich with moisturizing, cell regenerating shea butter, antioxidants, essential oils, vitamin A, vitamin C and the healing power of vitamin E. Properties: Calming
NEL2 Euphoria The exotic mystery of amber, with stirring notes of romantic vanilla! A mix of amber and vanilla with light musk undertones. nubar Skin Essentials Euphoria Hand and Body Lotion goes on smoothly, leaving skin hydrated and soft. Rich with moisturizing, cell regenerating shea butter, antioxidants, essential oils, vitamin A, vitamin C and the healing power of vitamin E. Properties: Spiritualizes the Intellect nubar Skin Essentials lotions are made with rich Shea-butter permeating the skin's surface to achieve deep lasting moisture. All nubar lotions contain essential oils, vitamins A, Vitamin E and are NON-Paraben. Research into Parabens have found them to be carcinogenic. Use a generous amount in your hand and massage over entire body, concentrating on elbows, knees, and hands, or anywhere your skin feels rough or dry.
NHL2 Hypnotic A mesmerizing fragrance with tantalizing hints of citrus! A sensuous blend of botanicals and citrus. nubar Skin Essentials Hypnotic Hand and Body Lotion goes on smoothly, leaving skin hydrated and soft. Rich with moisturizing, cell regenerating shea butter, antioxidants, essential oils, vitamin A, vitamin C and the healing power of vitamin E. Properties: Emotional Balance nubar Skin Essentials lotions are made with rich Shea-butter permeating the skin's surface to achieve deep lasting moisture. All nubar lotions contain essential oils, vitamins A, Vitamin E and are NON-Paraben. Research into Parabens have found them to be carcinogenic. Use a generous amount in your hand and massage over entire body, concentrating on elbows, knees, and hands, or anywhere your skin feels rough or dry.
NIB2 Island Breeze Treat your body and senses to a tropical blend! Formulated with softening coconut and hydrating mango. nubar Skin Essentials Island Breeze Hand and Body Lotion goes on smoothly, leaving skin hydrated and soft. Rich with moisturizing, cell regenerating shea butter, antioxidants, essential oils, vitamin A, vitamin C and the healing power of vitamin E. Properties: Tropical, Exotic nubar Skin Essentials lotions are made with rich Shea-butter permeating the skin's surface to achieve deep lasting moisture. All nubar lotions contain essential oils, vitamins A, Vitamin E and are NON-Paraben. Research into Parabens have found them to be carcinogenic. Use a generous amount in your hand and massage over entire body, concentrating on elbows, knees, and hands, or anywhere your skin feels rough or dry.
NPD2 Pomegranate Delight Powerful cellular defense with sweet pomegranate extracts! Discover the aroma of sweet pomegranate. nubar Skin Essentials Pomegranate Delight Hand and Body Lotion goes on smoothly, leaving skin hydrated and soft. Rich with moisturizing, cell regenerating shea butter, antioxidants, essential oils, vitamin A, vitamin C and the healing power of vitamin E. Properties: Mind Clearing nubar Skin Essentials lotions are made with rich Shea-butter permeating the skin's surface to achieve deep lasting moisture. All nubar lotions contain essential oils, vitamins A, Vitamin E and are NON-Paraben. Research into Parabens have found them to be carcinogenic. Use a generous amount in your hand and massage over entire body, concentrating on elbows, knees, and hands, or anywhere your skin feels rough or dry.
NVP2 Vanilla Passion Discover what innocence does for sensuality! An irresistible blend of pure vanilla and passionate musk. nubar Skin Essentials Vanilla Passion Hand and Body Lotion goes on smoothly, leaving skin hydrated and soft. Rich with moisturizing, cell regenerating shea butter, antioxidants, essential oils, vitamin A, vitamin C and the healing power of vitamin E. Properties: Calming, Sensual nubar Skin Essentials lotions are made with rich Shea-butter permeating the skin's surface to achieve deep lasting moisture. All nubar lotions contain essential oils, vitamins A, Vitamin E and are NON-Paraben. Research into Parabens have found them to be carcinogenic. Use a generous amount in your hand and massage over entire body, concentrating on elbows, knees, and hands, or anywhere your skin feels rough or dry.
 UV Gel Brush.This Gel Brush is made of synthetic material and is of superior quality. Pink metal closure with perfect weight and balance.
Black Currant Sandalwood Massage Oil
Nourish your feet with our exclusive emollient made with natural shea butter and Konna Latte aromatherapy. This rich, non-greasy foot butter not only relieves and protects dry, cracked skin, but soothes and energizes the feet.
Skin Essentials aromatic foot scrub is made from pure organic sugar, which plays a vital role in proper skin health and rejuvenation. This scrub is formulated for use on knees, legs, and feet.
Nourish your feet with our exclusive emollient made with natural shea butter and Lavender Sage aromatherapy. This rich, non-greasy foot butter not only relieves and protects dry, cracked skin, but soothes and energizes the feet.
Skin Essentials aromatic foot scrub is made from pure organic sugar, which plays a vital role in proper skin health and rejuvenation. This scrub is formulated for use on knees, legs, and feet.
Lavender Sage Sugar Hand Scrub
Nourish your feet with our exclusive emollient made with natural shea butter and Sherbet Splash aromatherapy. This rich, non-greasy foot butter not only relieves and protects dry, cracked skin, but soothes and energizes the feet.
Skin Essentials aromatic foot scrub is made from pure organic sugar, which plays a vital role in proper skin health and rejuvenation. This scrub is formulated for use on knees, legs, and feet.
Waterfall Mist Foot Soak
Three grades of grit specially designed to buff the nail surface to a flawless finish. The 240 black grit smoothes nail ridges and irregularities. The 400 grit fine white buffer provides a soft, matte luster. The no-grit gray polisher gives nails a high-gloss shine.
Dip-in sponge dispenser quickly and thoroughly removes artificial nail wraps and tips.
A 180-grit board for fast filing and shaping of natural or artificial nails.
A unique rubberized basecoat, grips lacquer to the nail surface for extra lasting adhesion.
Creates a thick, protective calcium coat that instantly increases the thickness of weak, thin nails to build, rather than harden them. Leaves nails flexible, yet strong to prevent breakage and helps nails grow longer. Use as a basecoat and topcoat, or alone for a natural look
Disinfects and refreshes nails, hands and feet. Removes oils and residue from nail plate for better nail lacquer and treatment adhesion.
Get healthy cuticles with this portable, no mess 2-in-1 cuticle treatment. Brush on oil, then push back cuticles with rubber tip to encourage strong nail growth.
Penetrates the nail matrix with a powerful antioxidant formula to condition cuticles and promote healthy nail growth.
Formulated with orange blossom and wild cherry to moisturize dry cuticles and help prevent hangnails for healthy nail growth.
Contains vitamins A & E to soften cuticles for easy grooming and stronger nail growth. Also great for softening rough skin, elbows and heels.
Gently removes dead tissue from cuticles, making cuticles soft and pliable. Removes stains, leaving nails whiter.
Double-Time Shine™ gentle buffing duo shines artificial and natural nails to a sleek glossy finish. Side one smoothes nails and eliminates imperfections. Side two burnishes nails to a brilliant luster without buffing créme or oil. Perfect for between-manicure touch ups, and a great accessory for your purse, brief case or travel bag.
Developed for natural nails, this salon-proven formula quickly removes polish. Available in 4 Oz and 16 Oz bottles with convenient flip-top cap, or a quick and easy Slip-It-Off® sponge removal system that's perfect for travel.
Accelerate dry time on freshly lacquered nails with these high shine drops. Nails are glossy and good to go.
FDA registered for anti-fungal treatment. Dropper application system. Effective on both hands and feet.
A 120 grit for natural nails quickly and easily files nails to the desired shape.
We matched 44 of our top-selling colors so your inspiration never fades, from your fingers to your toes. Power packed with vitamins, Gel FX is no ordinary gel manicure system. Antioxidant vitamins A and E help to promote healthy nails while pro-vitamin B5 protects the structure of the natural nail.
Great for artificial nails. A non-acetone, non-oily formula that removes polish quickly and safely. Available in 4 oz. and 16 oz. bottles with convenient flip top caps. Slip-It-Off® has a convenient 'dip-in' sponge removal system.
Gives nails a super slick shine with lasting protection.
Quickly dries nail lacquer while providing UV protection to prevent color fading.
Quick-dry French Manicure topcoat with UV protection and Optical Brighteners for a durable high-shine finish.
Make any lacquer a matte finish.
Orly Nail Armor Liquid Silk Wrap is the ideal base coat for ridged and weak nails. This strengthening treatment smooths natural nails and provides a protective shield of fine silk fibers and kevlar.
As one of the nail care industrys renowned color houses, ORLY has established a dynamic palette composed of subtle sheers, vivid cremes, dazzling shimmers, smooth glitters and hot neons. Each ORLY shade is free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene, and features the award-winning Gripper Cap.
Fix cracked, split or broken nails in just three easy steps. Includes Brush-On Glue and Nail Repair Powder for strong, long-lasting repairs.
Whiten yellow nails with this effervescent treatment. Nail Whitener gently soaks away unsightly stains on both fingernails and toenails. Available in a convenient economy pack containing twelve double-packets (24 applications).
Orly Nails For Males, .60 oz. is a unique matte, natural-look nail finish for men. It protects nails and provides a distinguished, lasting natural finish. Nails for males is a combination top coat, base coat and strengthener that offers nail protection and a natural looking finish. Dries quickly to a semi-gloss finish.
Helps strengthen peeling and splitting nails. Collagen, wheat protein, keratin and bamboo extract help stimulate healthier, faster growth. Nails grow longer and stronger.
Orly No Bite is a fast and effective clear bitter flavored nail bite deterrent that helps break the annoying and often painful nail biting habit, allowing for healthy new nail growth. Can be used alone or over nail polish. Dries to a natural looking non shiny finish.
Fuses with polish to create a powerful layer of durable, chip resistant, lasting color with a quick-dry, high shine finish!
Preps the nails for a smoother longer lasting manicure and pedicure.
Help restore the elasticity and glow of skin at its peak with ORLY Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème. This non-greasy formula contains shea and cocoa butters, aloe vera and vitamins A & E to promote healing and nourish skin, while helping to protect against harsh environmental factors. In four luscious botanical fragrances, Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème leaves hands, feet and body soft, smooth and fragrant. Lightly sweet with fruity notes of Lychee & Pomegranate
Help restore the elasticity and glow of skin at its peak with ORLY Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème. This non-greasy formula contains shea and cocoa butters, aloe vera and vitamins A & E to promote healing and nourish skin, while helping to protect against harsh environmental factors. In four luscious botanical fragrances, Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème leaves hands, feet and body soft, smooth and fragrant. Fragrant with floral notes of Neem & Feijoa.
Help restore the elasticity and glow of skin at its peak with ORLY Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème. This non-greasy formula contains shea and cocoa butters, aloe vera and vitamins A & E to promote healing and nourish skin, while helping to protect against harsh environmental factors. In four luscious botanical fragrances, Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème leaves hands, feet and body soft, smooth and fragrant. Warm and comforting with Spiced Vanilla & White Tea.
Help restore the elasticity and glow of skin at its peak with ORLY Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème. This non-greasy formula contains shea and cocoa butters, aloe vera and vitamins A & E to promote healing and nourish skin, while helping to protect against harsh environmental factors. In four luscious botanical fragrances, Rich Renewal Ultra- Hydrating Crème leaves hands, feet and body soft, smooth and fragrant. A fresh pick-me-up with Papaya & Red Grapefruit.
This primer basecoat fills ridges and smoothes rough nail surfaces.
Quickly dries multiple lacquer layers, creating a hard protective finish.
A solvent formulation that breaks down and restores smudged, dinged or nicked wet polish without removing or reapplying polish.
This non-aerosol spritz nail lacquer dryer dries nail lacquer instantly. Natural botanicals moisturize nails & cuticles.
UV protecting topcoat protects lacquer from fading and yellowing.
Grips and protects nail lacquer for long lasting manicures and pedicures with a high shine finish.
Orly Tough Cookie strengthens and fortifies soft, brittle nails using a unique extract from the African okoume tree that slows keratin breakdown so nails grow long, strong and smooth in just two weeks. Orly Tough Cookie's formula contains no formaldehyde. In just weeks, your nails will be stronger than ever!
Helps nail lacquer resist chipping for longer lasting manicures and pedicures.
A 100 coarse grit to quickly and easily file nails to the desired shape. 180 medium grit gives edges a flawless finish.
You wouldn’t paint walls that were chipped or uneven. This pearly base coat primes your nails for polish by filling in ridges to create a hard, glassy smooth surface.
It just makes sense. If your nail surface still has traces of lotion or remover residue, your polish isn’t going to adhere properly. Prep like a pro with this primer for a longer lasting polish.
As if these colors weren't edgy enough, add our new Matte Topcoat and they're completely avant-garde, with a rich flat bisque finish. It's mood altering.
Rescue Beauty Lounge Fortissimo retails for $20.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
This diamond-hard finish is a girl’s best friend. Protect your polish and extend the life of your mani/pedi for flawless nails. Brush on a coat every few days to keep your polish fresh and glossy.
This sanitizable, ergonomic nail file board, created from the highest quality Mylar, is custom designed for flexibility, durability and precision filing. Features a dual grit level of 180/240 for use on both fingernails and toenails. Sold in a pack of 2. 180/240 GRIT Sanitizable ECO File - medium/fine
100% biodegradable, this disposable wood board nail file is made with black silicon carbide. It is ideal for fingernails. This file is designed in a custom, ergonomic shape. 240/320 GRIT ECO File - fine/ultra-fine SpaRitual is the first in the industry to introduce comprehensive, eco-friendly, biodegradable nail files that supports the eco-conscious philosophy.
Accelerates dry time of freshly lacquered nails while also delivering radiant shine. Dropper cap delivers a chip-free coat of shine while drying in seconds.
The Center Yourself Organic Balancing Body Wrap is a 70% organic balancing body wrap that works by purifying and repairing all skin types. This customizable white clay wrap works as a two part system to maximize skin and chakra balancing benefits. Because it’s in a mineral rich dry powder form, you or your client can choose which SpaRitual Oil Therapy Blend to use with it. Rich in nutrients to deep cleanse and eliminate toxins from the body, this wrap also features buckwheat (to increase moisture retention) and organic rice peptides, dried plum, and açaí powders to repair and smooth the skin while fighting free radicals caused by pollution, stress, and UV rays.
SpaRitual offers the first vegan family of nail elixirs, free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene. Cuti-Clean Cuticle and Stain Remover gently softens cuticles while removing stains and dead tissue. Great for preventing pesky cuticle snags and for use during pedicures.
Cuti-Cocktail, a must-have for manicurists and nail enthusiasts alike, is now available in a convenient pen for easy, precise and hygienic application. A soothing cocktail of Evening Primrose, Grapeseed and Aloe Oil penetrate the nail matrix. Cuti-Cocktail is scented with aromatic extracts of Ginger and Fuji Apple.
SpaRitual offers the first vegan family of nail elixirs, free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene. Cuti-Quench Cuticle And Skin Conditioning Crème treats rough, dry skin and cuticles. Promotes healthy nails with a powerful anti-oxidant formula. It is enriched with Avocado Oil and Vitamins A and E, and delicately scented with aromatic extracts of Ginger and Fuji Apple.
What it is: A nail-repairing gel that soothes and nourishes the cuticles. What it's used for: SpaRitual Cuti-Treat Cuticle Gel features a hydrating, ultra-nurturing formula that includes green tea, ginkgo biloba and pineapple. Formulated to regenerate weak, brittle, thin nails by treating them at the cuticle, it softens and conditions overgrown cuticles while promoting nail growth.
Keep your soles at peace with SpaRitual Eco Foot File. It is a 100% biodegradable file made from Corn Resin. It includes 10 replacement pads in grit levels of 80/150 for customized care. The pads are injected with an antibacterial solution to prevent and fight germs.
Each SpaRitual body treatment has therapeutic benefits blended to energize a specific chakra. The chakras represent seven forces within the body that work together as a delicate energy system. This powerful antibacterial and antioxidant helps prevent the spread of fungus and bacteria . Neem Seed, Tea Tree Oil and Lemon Bioflavanoids soothe and tone skin and cuticles. The all-natural formula promotes clear, healthy and well-conditioned nails.
SpaRitual offers the first vegan family of nail elixirs, free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene. This extra strength lacquer remover features a unique blend of Essential Oil and Sugar derived solvents to quickly remove nail color while delivering conditioning moisture to nails.
SpaRitual Fluent Extra-Strength Lacquer Remover Cloths are an easy and convenient way to safely remove SpaRitual nail lacquer from all 10 nails in one single use application. Individually wrapped. 6-ct.
This non-acetone lacquer remover features a unique blend of Italian Red Mandarin essential oil and sugar derived solvents to gently remove nail lacquer while delivering conditioning moisture to nails.
Made with 76% certified organic ingredients. Works to soften, nourish, repair and protect severely dry, stressed hands. Formulated with SpaRitual’s HydroShield Technology featuring Organic Fair Trade Shea Butter, Aloe Ferox, Marula Oil, Griffonia Seed Extract, and Honeybush to deliver moisture, help promote skin regeneration, and provide a breathable shield of protection to dry, active hands.
Impeccable protects and seals color with special polymers, giving nails superb shine. Nail Lacquer resists chipping and peeling for lasting manicures and pedicures.
The Infinitely Loving Body Butter conditions and deeply hydrates the skin for a silky, smooth glow. Infused with a blend of vitamin rich Plum Oil and Maqui Berry, known for its anti-inflammatory and calming properties.
Each SpaRitual body treatment has therapeutic benefits blended to energize a specific chakra. The chakras represent seven forces within the body that work together as a delicate energy system. A blend of Chinese Jasmine extract and essential oil energizes the heart chakra. This massage oil for body, hands, feet and scalp conditions the skin, leaving it soft, smooth and glowing.
Made with 70% Certified Organic Ingredients, this scrub effectively exfoliates, moisturizes and soothes skin. Organic Sugar naturally exfoliates and detoxifies skin while pulling moisture form the environment to keep skin hydrated. Chinese Jasmine restores moisture to the skin while balancing and renewing the Heart Chakra.
Each SpaRitual body treatment has therapeutic benefits blended to energize a specific chakra. The chakras represent seven forces within the body that work together as a delicate energy system. Organic Lavender Essential Oil balances the crown chakra to relieve mental and physical exhaustion. Formulated with SpaRitual’s unique IonSphere™ Technology delivering organic Chlorophyll, Micro Suspended Minerals and organic Aloe to facilitate cell renewal, fight free radicals, promote healing, hydration and skin repair.
The Instinctual Clay Masque promotes the removal of impurities and toxins from the skin, head to toe. Infused with Organic Ginger Root to firm and de-stress the skin while reclaiming its revitalized youthful radiance.
The Instinctual Sand Scrub aids in eliminating impurities and dead skin cells for a luminous complexion; while Moroccan Argan oil nourishes and moisturizes skin.
SpaRitual offers the first vegan family of nail elixirs, free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene. Lacquer Lock Colorstay Basecoat is specially formulated to bond lacquer to nails encouraging extreme color hold. Maintains vibrant color for lasting manicures and pedicures.
Made with 77% Certified Organic Ingredients, Look Inside® Scrub Masque gently exfoliates and refines the skin while balancing the Sacral Chakra. Formulated with Micro Algae to exfoliate and refine the skin, Organic Avocado Oil to nourish and help regenerate the skin's surface and Organic Fair Trade Shea Butter to deeply hydrate, sealing moisture into the skin.
SpaRitual offers the first vegan family of nail elixirs, free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene. Multi-Tasker Base and Topcoat In One provides a perfect foundation and a sleek, high-gloss UV protective finish in one bottle. It also prevents nail lacquer from fading or yellowing.
For a high shine, natural look. SpaRitual buffer is sanitizable and made with a water-based adhesive.
SpaRitual lacquers are vegan and free of toluene, fomaldehyde, formaldehyde resin, and DBP. SpaRitual does not test on animals or use animal by-products in any formulations.
Nail Lacquer Thinner restores life to all types of thickened Nail Lacquer.
Never break a nail again with SpaRitual Nutri-Thick Growth Support for Thin Nails! This formula contains Wheat Protein, Green Tea, and Calcium to restore, grow, and strengthen nails. Use as a base coat to protect nails as you go through your daily life or by itself to treat and protect nails. Formulated without Formaldehyde, Toluene, and DBP.
Make your nails resilient with SpaRitual Protein Boost Moisture Repair For Brittle Nails. Soy Protein prevents nail splitting by binding nail layers together. Cactus, Cucumber, and Oat lock in moisture to keep nails hydrated and healthy. Continued use of this nail repair will make nails more flexible, hydrated, and strong. Formulated without Formaldehyde, Toluene, and DBP.
Smoothes rough surfaces on nails and fills ridges to create a completely even foundation for color.
Get flawless, smooth nails with SpaRitual Resurface Smoothing Primer For Ridged Nails. Aloe Vera and Bamboo keep nails hydrated while smoothing out rigidness for gorgeous-looking nails. Wear as a base coat with any nail polish for flawless polish application. Formulated without Formaldehyde, Toluene, and DBP.
Each SpaRitual body treatment has therapeutic benefits blended to energize a specific chakra. The chakras represent seven forces within the body that work together as a delicate energy system. This scrub and masque in one gently exfoliates and refines the skin for a more streamlined manicure, pedicure or body treatment. Micro-algae smoothes rough areas and sloughs off dead skin cells. Wildcrafted Indonesian ginger essential oil energizes the solar plexus chakra.
Made with 71% certified organic ingredients, Sole Mate Hydrating Foot Balm works to deeply repair, soothe, revitalize and protect dry, tired feet. Formulated with SpaRitual’s breakthrough HydroSoft Technology delivers a compound of Baobab Oil and Organic, Fair Trade Shea Butter to soothe sore joints, hydrate and protect extremely dry, cracked skin; combined with Organic Papaya Extract and Tamanu Oil to help dissolve and soften thick calluses with natural disinfecting properties. The tube is made of recycled materials.
Australian Tea Tree essential oil energizes the throat chakra. This multipurpose antioxidant toner soothes, hydrates and balances dry skin. Contains naturally toning witch hazel to firm body, hands and feet.
SpaRitual offers the first vegan family of nail elixirs, free of DBP, formaldehyde and toluene. Tout de Suite Quick-Dry Topcoat penetrates and dries all coats of nail color quickly. This topcoat also enhances shine with a high-gloss, UV-finish and prevents polish from chipping and fading.
Nail prepping agent that clears the nail bed of any surface residue and oil deposits to create an optimal foundation for lacquer adhesion to extend the life of your manicure.
Maximize your manicure and pedicure wearability with this breakthrough formula specifically created to extend the wear of your SpaRitual nail lacquer. This 3-step system includes: TrueBond Primer for Natural Nails, clears the nails of all residue and oil deposits for maximum lacquer adhesion, TrueBond Stronghold Basecoat features an advanced polymer system to bond lacquer to the nails, and TrueBond Stronghold Topcoat provides a durable power-shield of lacquer protection for proven lasting results.
TrueBond Strong Hold Topcoat is formulated with breakthrough lacquer shield technology to create an invincible guard for lacquer color. This formula delivers flawless and durable shine and extends the life of your manicure by resisting against chipping and peeling.
SpaRitual Vegan Lipgloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $19.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
No look is complete without a pair of fantastic lashes to enhance those gorgeous eyes of yours! False lashes are the quickest, easiest way to open up your eyes and make them appear infinitely larger. Synthetic hair. Eyelashes are reusable.
World's best selling eyelash glue. I've tried every brand of eyelash glue imaginable and can personally vouch for Duo being the best of the best! Clear-white glue dries invisibly. It is comfortable to wear all day and never gets itchy or clumpy. And it's waterproof!
Fresh and clean, Burberry Bath and Shower Gel features an ephemeral harmony somewhere between sparkle and calm. Burberry for Women possesses a blend of peach, apricot, sandalwood, cedar, amber and musk.
Burberry invites you to discover the new fragrance for women. Burberry Body is a feminine and sensual floral-woody fragrance with an eclectic combination of luxurious, refined notes, like a precious iconic trench coat wrapped around a woman's body. The scent has top notes of fresh green absinthe, illuminating elegant peach and refined freesia. The floral bouquet of natural rose absolute and iris blends gently with subtle warm tones of sandalwood to form the heart notes. Woody cashmeran, creamy vanilla, sensual amber and musk compose the base notes of this unique and seductive fragrance. Notes: freesia, green absinthe, peach, rose, iris, sandalwood, cashmeran, musk, amber, vanilla.
Live from London. The Burberry Fragrance epitomizes modern-day British style. A timeless scent with a spirited attitude. Classic, fresh, feminine. Notes: lime, pear, peony, almond, mahogany, amber, tonka bean, vanilla.
A blend of unexpected contrasts expressing the unique personality of the Burberry woman, naturally sparkling and carnal, slightly wild, incredibly chic and sexy in Burberry.
In 2002, Burberry Baby Touch introduced a sweet, soft fragrance for mothers and babies that complements the successful children’s line launched in 2001. The fashion line includes tiny trench coats and little cashmere sweaters in classic Burberry style. The delicate scent with layette-inspired packaging evokes the precious beauty of a newborn child. Burberry Baby Touch is a gentle floral fragrance with a delightful mix of fresh flower scents. The bright side comes from verbena, Mandarin and orange with a hint of spearmint and tang of rhubarb jelly. The scent warms with jasmine, orange blossom, lily of the valley and cyclamen. Soft musk, vanilla and a milky note make the scent easy and gentle. Top notes: Mandarin and orange zest, rhubarb jelly, verbena, wild spearmint. Heart notes: cyclamen, jasmine, lily of the valley, orange blossom. Base notes: milk, moss, vanilla.
Discover the fresh, fruity, light-hearted floral fragrance of Burberry Brit Sheer in a special travel size that can be used anytime, anywhere. Embodying the youthful spirit of Burberry Brit, this fragrance represents a girl who is joyful, adventurous and playful. Notes: mandarin, yuzu, pineapple leaves, grapes, lychee, peach blossom, peony, nashi pear, woods, musk.
A fresh, zesty floral fragrance. Mandarin and sea salt: a surprising twist for a positive energy. The immediate sparkle of mandarin couples with a refreshing sea-salt accord that travels through the fragrance like a ray of energy. An outdoor crispy floralcy: The luminous hydroponic freesia and fresh honeysuckle sign the fragrance with a natural crystalline floralcy, both vivid and healthy. A unique solar vibration: The solar sand notes and the vivacious vetiver blend together in a vibrant and refined trail.
Stylishly presented in a bottle reminiscent of an old apothecary flask, Burberry Touch Men combines tradition, history and modernity. The elegant masculinity of a woody musk expresses well-being and authenticity. Invigorating white pepper and the smoothness of Virginia wood and oak moss. Like a strong, deep breath, the trail develops quietly into a sturdy, masculine alchemy of vetiver, white musk and tonka bean.
Burberry Effortless Mascara provides lash volume and coverage for all looks from day to evening.
Burberry Eye Brush No.11 is a wide contour brush made from ultrasoft goat hair. It is used for the outer corners of the lid to add depth and enhance the eyes. Used by Burberry Beauty makeup artists to create a contoured eye shape.
Burberry Eye Brush No. 09 is a long-bristled blending brush with a slight point. Made from ultrasoft goat hair, it is used to apply eyeshadow at the tip to create a deeper, but soft, socket line. Used by Burberry Beauty makeup artists to create an effortless smoky eye look.
Burberry Eye Definer enhance and intensify your natural eye colour. Formulated using natural conditioning waxes and emollient oils, Burberry Eye Shaping Pencils glide on effortlessly to highlight the eye colour and shape. Water resistant and long-wearing.
Burberry Fresh Glow is a lightweight, luminous fluid base that gives the skin a gentle fresh shimmer and sheer dewy finish. The unique pink color complements all skin tones and enhances the complexion for an effortlessly radiant, healthy look. The beautifying formula contains wild rose extract, which provides moisturizing benefits and regenerating properties. The skin is hydrated, protected and has a natural healthy glow.
Burberry’s Light Glow Natural Blush instantly boosts the complexion with a subtle, heathy-looking radiance. The fine powder is ultrabuildable, and it includes a brush applicator and convenient mirrored case. 
Burberry Lip Cover is a Lipstick that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 32 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry soft and smooth Lip Definer add natural looking definition to the lips, effortlessly enhancing their shape and colour.
Burberry Blush is a pink that is permanent and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
Lightweight, creamy texture and gelled structure allows for effortless control and glide. High-shine oils deliver a sheer and dewy effect, while shine-filming polymers provide a natural look.
Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyethylene, Phenyl Trimethicone, Cera Microcristallina (Microcrystalline Wax), Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Hydrogenated Poly (C6-14 Olefin), Mica, Trimethylolpropane Triisostearate, Polybutene, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Dicalcium Phosphate, Ptfe, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Diisostearyl Malate, Cetyl Dimethicone, Dimethicone/Phenyl Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Propylene Carbonate, Phytosteryl/Octyldodecyl Lauroyl Glutamate, Dimethicone, Propylparaben, Fragrance, Triisostearin, Hydrogenated Cottonseed Oil, Hydrogenated Palm Kernel Glycerides, Alpha Isomethyl Ionone, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Squalane, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Wax, Laureth-4, Hydrogenated Palm Glycerides, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Benzyl Benzoate, Hydroxycitronellal, Phytosteryl Isostearate, Tin Oxide, [+/- (May Contain): Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), Ci 15850 (Red 6, Red 7 Lake), Ci 45410 (Red 28 Lake), Ci 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide)].
Burberry Antique Rose that is permanent and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
Get a bright and radiant finish with warm glowing skin, reminiscent of the freshness of a spring morning.
Burberry Beauty's 'Complete Eye Palette' is perfect for party season. This quartet of shimmering shades is designed to highlight, contour and define your eyes - each highly pigmented hue is blended with satin-soft silicones for smooth application and a long-lasting finish. We love that it comes with a choice of three brushes to help you create multiple looks.
A lightweight, water-based stain that imbues skin with a subtle lit-from-within glow. The hydrating formula creates radiant, natural color that lasts all day. Aura’s unique click mechanism dispenses the perfect amount of product every time. Creates a light, natural look that can be layered for a more dramatic effect. Twist-click component offers convenient on-the-go application. Enriched with Vitamin E to help improve skin’s hydration levels. Free of oil, fragrance, and phthalates.
What it is: A water-based lip stain that envelops lips in a sheer wash of delightful color. What it does: This lasting formula creates a natural, semi-matte finish. An easy-to-blend and buildable consistency allow for a range of desired color intensities. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Synthetic Fragrances - Phthalates - GMOs - Triclosan
An advanced felt-tip liquid liner that contours and lines the eyes with exquisite precision. The formula dries quickly to prevent transfer, offers all-day staying power and is enriched with soothing botanical extracts. Calligraphy is both smudge proof and waterproof. Refined felt-tip creates striking, defined eyes without tug or skip. Waterproof and longwearing formula quickly dries to prevent streaks, smears and transfer. Contains antioxidant-rich botanical extracts of Rosemary, Perilla, Chamomile and Aloe to soothe and moisturize the eyes. Free of phthalates, sulfates and gluten.
Pure pigment, pure shine, pure luxury—this intensely-hued, super lustrous lip gloss is formulated with active ingredients that hydrate and restore lips for an immediately soft and smooth effect.
Line and define eyes with a precise, firm and even stroke using this angled brush. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
The short, dense bristles of this brush make it perfect for applying, blending and diffusing color. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
Seamlessly applies and layers powder eye shadows over the entire eye lid. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
Ideal for precision contouring and detailed blending of eye shadows. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
Slim, tapered design provides spot application for small blemishes and even blending of shadow or concealer for the under eye area. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
The densely packed, domed bristles of this brush deposit color in a concentrated way to create eye definition. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
A dual-ended, travel-friendly brush with applicators for foundation/blush and concealer. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
Ideal for applying and blending both loose and press powder, the sculpted head of this brush allows for precise product placement. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
The tapered end of this brush ensures a light, seamless and even application of foundation. It can also be utilized for shading and highlighting with blushes and bronzers. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
Full and rounded, this brush is designed to effortlessly sweep on blush or powder. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
The firm, tapered edge of this brush contours and blends offering concentrated coverage. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
A travel-friendly retractable brush designed for portable use. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
A travel-friendly kabuki brush ideal for applying and blending creme-to-powder and liquid foundations. Made from PETA-approved, high-grade. Takelon bristles which are supremely soft. Weighted metal handles provide control for easier blending and application. Takelon is an excellent alternative for those who suffer from allergies to animal hair. Brushes may be used wet or dry.
What it is: A lustrous, cream formula lipstick that hydrates and softens lips. What it does: The richly pigmented formula of Femme Rouge adds fullness and luster, immediately shaping and softening lips for a plush, cushiony effect. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Synthetic Dyes - Phthalates
What it is: A mascara that offers multiple fringe benefits in one full-spectrum formula. What it does: Film Noir's signature hourglass-shaped brush is designed for optimal application, adding volume, length, lift, and separation to lashes. The intense concentration of Panthenol (ProVitamin B5) adds a reflective, jet-black sheen for dramatic impact. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Sulfates - Synthetic Fragrances - Synthetic Dyes - Phthalates - GMOs - Triclosan
A richly-hued, light-reflecting and longwearing kohl pencil for lining the inner and outer rim of the eye.
The proprietary blend of advanced polymers in this liquid lipstick delivers intense, vibrant color with exceptional longevity. Skin-conditioning emollients, antioxidant fruit extracts, cili fruit, goji berry, and vitamins A, C and E help to protect the lips throughout the day.
A highly pigmented, richly emollient and longwearing pencil with blending tool. The creamy formula glides on smoothly, and resists smudging or feathering. Polymers adhere to the skin and have water-resistant qualities. Intense color payoff lasts all day—up to 14 hours. Equipped with a blending tool to perfect and evenly distribute product.
This eyeliner defines and contours without drag, pull, or skip. The long-wearing formula dries rapidly to prevent smearing and transfer. The super-fine pen lets you create everything from subtle definition on the eyes (by applying at the base of lashes) to an exaggerated cat eye worthy of the runway. 
What it is: A revolutionary primer that gives skin a natural, radiant bronze glow. What it does: Applied onto the skin, Hourglass Solar Tan Self-Tanning Primer gradually develops into a warm, natural glow with each wear. Visible color develops after first use while full depth and intensity in color will be achieved after five days of continued application. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Synthetic Fragrances - Phthalates
Superficial Lash creates long, lustrous-looking lashes with its remarkably hydrating, color-rich formula. The brush applicator sculpts with precision and separation, coating lashes in weightless volume and sheen that accentuates and defines them subtly. Hydrating formula coats lashes in weightless volume and sheen. Eyes are instantly highlighted as lashes visibly increase in volume and length. Enriched with Vitamin E to help seal in moisture and keep lashes soft and prevent breakage. Brush applicator ensures clump-free and precision application. Free of phthalates, sulfates, and synthetic dyes.
An extended-wear, waterproof bronzer that withstands high humidity and extreme moisture. Superficial’s unique formula blends seamlessly onto the skin and infuses the complexion with a radiant bronze glow. A unique powder bronzer for a waterproof glow that withstands humidity and moisture. Ideal for swimming, outdoor activities and the summer heat. Silky formula seamlessly blends to create a natural, streak-free soft powder finish. Easily removable with mild soap and water or makeup remover. Compact features a mirror that swivels 360° and includes a Takelon brush applicator. Free of oil, parabens, phthalates, sulfates and fragrance.
A remarkably smooth, longwearing and refillable lip liner that enhances the lips. The mechanical pencil never requires sharpening and is equipped with a brush for blending lip liner and applying lip gloss and lipstick.
A natural beauty brush made of pony and goat hair for extreme softness and precise application. Use with powders to apply all over the face, especially with the Warm Glow.
Hourglass Eyeshadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $38.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Eye Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $58.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Crème to Powder Bronzer Duo is a Face Palette that retails for $40.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wide-eyed and waterproof. Conditions as it thickens for a soft, touchable look. Anti-clump brush defines lashes without clumps or globs. Long-wearing, smudge-proof and easy-off formula.
Formulated as the perfect combination of blush and bronzer for nearly every skin tone, the Blonzer creates the glow of sun-kissed skin year-round. Soft, micro-fine mineral-based powder. Universal shade for shimmery, sun-kissed effect. Buildable color.
This blush brush, made with 100% natural goat hair, is tapered for natural blush application. 
Sublime blush meets the perfect bronze. The Blushing Bronzed Duet embraces the incomparable pairing of Le Metier de Beautes Echo Radiance Rouge (delicate coral-pink blush) and Sun Kissed Bronzer (sheer, light bronze powder), which have been individually heralded for their universally flattering and natural-looking tones. This beautiful and balanced combination creates summer's quintessential glow with ease and grace.
For a touch of sun that looks like you just flew in from the sands of San Tropez, this sheer silky-light powder glides on evenly for a velvety-soft finish.
Define, fill-in, and emphasize eyebrows to enhance the natural frame of the eyes. Beeswax helps to adhere color to the hair and skin of the eyebrow area. Formula acts as a gel to keep brows in place all day. Long-wearing formula is easy to apply with grooming brush tip.
Absorbs oils, reduces shine, and evens skin tone. Paraben, talc and oil free. Dermatologist tested. Safe for all skin types including sensitive skin.
Absorbs oils, reduces shine, and evens skin tone. Paraben, talc and oil free. Dermatologist tested. Safe for all skin types including sensitive skin.
In a word: brilliant. Magnify and define your lip color with this versatile lip gloss. With a hint of cool peppermint, this innovative, soothing, lip-enhancing formula stimulates and refreshes lips. Wear over lipstick or alone for a perfect pout.
This creamy hydrating formula delivers essential moisture and full-coverage color to lips while maintaining the lasting power of a lip stain. Lip-loving moisturizers including jojoba, lanolin and shea butter keep lips soft and supple.
Le Metier de Beaute Crème Fresh Tint is a Blush that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Freshen up: this skin-invigorating tonic is an essential step in any skincare regimen prepares the skin to better receive topical restorative treatments by stimulating circulation, restoring balance to the complexion, as well as conditioning and hydrating. It also re-energizes the skin, creating a freshly-flushed appearance.
Pure and simple: Daily Renew Cleanser, featuring the Vita-C Complexe, is a gentle yet effective two-in-one cleanser. The vitamin C-infused gel is designed to deeply purify the skin as it mildly exfoliates for renewed radiance. Skin looks and feels beautifully soft, smooth and clean. How it Works Daily Renew Cleanser uses a combination of gentle, non-drying cleansers to thoroughly remove makeup and deep-set impurities for freshly washed skin. The gel formula features rounded scrubbing grains, which are less abrasive than traditional exfoliants, to buff away dull, dry skin with absolutely no irritation. The cleanser, which is also infused with powerhouse antioxidant vitamin C, can be used daily.
Whether it's a defined line or a smudged sultry look, this velvety-soft formula delivers rich pigmented color and allows easy application for versatile, sophisticated looks.
An incredibly soft and luxurious lip pencil for subtle, precise definition. The silky texture allows for easy and smooth application with flawless results. Choose from three universal shades to complement every color in your lipstick wardrobe. Velvety-soft, rich color. Blends effortlessly. Perfect base for lipstick and lip gloss for all-day wear.
Comes as close as you can get to under-eye perfection. This versatile product gives a clean start to any look. Lightweight powder sets concealer and illuminates the under eye area for a radiant, smooth matte finish. Creates perfect upper lid canvas for eye shadow. Micronized pigments will not settle in fine lines or accentuate shadows. Absorbs excess oils to create perfect canvas for makeup application. Provides crease resistant, long-wearing coverage. Suitable for all skin types.
A luxurious pony and goat hair brush specially crafted for eye catching makeup results.
Expertly crafted with 100% natural goat hair to sweep a smooth veil of colour over the entire eyelid. 
Softly and precisely lines upper and lower lids; synthetic brush hairs retain their shape for precision lining. 
Slightly angled, tapered nylon bristles allow for precise, even application and subtle blending; synthetic brush hairs retain their shape and are easy to clean.
Essential for a chic, sophisticated look. Convenient and versatile brush for bronzer, powder or blush. Crafted by master artisans, Le Métier de Beauté brushes are the tools every woman needs for exemplary professional cosmetics application.
A narrow, firm brush for blending away imperfections. Synthetic brush hairs retain their shape and are easy to clean.
A luxurious brush made with 100% natural goat hair- for polished and flawless makeup application.
Make an indelible impression with Le Métier de Beauté's Indelible Ink Eyeliner. Drawing long-lasting, intense lines, this highly pigmented, no-budge liquid eyeliner features a waterproof, fast-drying formula that's made to last. Smudge no more—water, tears, torrential downpour, or anything else the day brings—Indelible Inks Eyeliner boasts serious staying power. Featuring a liquid gel-based formula, that can be applied in thick or thin strokes with a sleek, chic brush or an ultra-fine tip, the long-wearing, waterproof color glides on and stays put for precise application without smudging or smearing.
This lip brush, made with 100% natural hair, allows for precise application of lipstick and gloss.
A beautifully-edited selection of never-before-offered seductive lip color that will captivate and enchant your lips. A hybrid of gloss and lipstick, Lip Creme combines chic color, intense emollients and antioxidants to soothe and nourish. Perfect for a more intense color pay-off with added shine and gloss. Lacquer sheen finish. Creamy texture and easy glide formula. Vitamins and antioxidants for smooth supple lips.
A luxurious, cream glaze enriched with vitamin E, Magic Lustre Creme transforms any powder pigment into sheer stains and glosses for the cheeks, lips, or eyes. Paraben Free Talc Free Hypoallergenic Much like a modern alchemy, Magic Lustre Creme can create a metamorphous range of possibilities through the medium of powder shadows and blushes. Ordinary shadow can become eyeliner, cheek color, or even a lip-stain. For the more traditional, tap some of the creme on your cheeks or eyes to add a natural dewy glow to the skin, or gloss to the eye.
Specifically formulated to be 3-Free without formaldehyde, toluene and dibutyl phthalate (DBP). Proposition 65-compliant and fortified with strengthening proteins and hydrators. Le Métier de Beauté Nail Lacquers are highly pigmented for rich, glossy, long-wearing color.
At long lash, the results you want - longer, stronger, thicker lashes in less time and with no irritation. Peau Vierge Lash Growth Serum features the breakthrough, proprietary delivery system, Syntoc Actif, an exclusive and patented technology that aids in improved delivery of key ingredients to help thicken lash diameter and increase volume and length. Every lash can reach its fullest potential in as little as four weeks with no discoloration or irritation. The serum moisturizes, strengthens and protects lashes from thinning, breaking as well as natural and environmental aggressors for an overall intensified appearance.
More control than ever before in a liquid liner. This long-wearing, smudge-proof formula contains a unique, soft, quill-tipped applicator for precise control and definition.
Enhance your complexion with a hint of natural blush. Ultralight powder contours and defines the cheek while adding just the right blush of color. Universal shades. Adjustable coverage, transparency and intensity. Shine-absorbing, oil-free formula. Safe for all skin types, including sensitive skin.
Sleep tight: This emollient and potent treatment is designed to restore the skin while the body is most receptive—at rest. Through a groundbreaking, proprietary delivery system, key actives are quickly transported to their designated locations to provide visible and dramatic results: an improved appearance in fine lines, wrinkles and pore size; increased hydration; enhanced radiance; and an overall more even tone. The formation of expression lines is also slowed. This is beauty sleep at its best.
Drink up: This highly emollient cream is designed to condition and hydrate while it nourishes and detoxifies—the formula normalizes the skin's moisture content to provide unparalleled suppleness. Broad-spectrum SPF 30 protects the skin damaging UVA/UVB rays.
Go ahead—smile. This luxurious, lightweight emulsion dramatically slows the formation of expression lines—from forehead and smile lines to brow furrows—as it refreshes the skin's overall appearance. Broad-spectrum SPF 15, along with a host of proven and highly potent anti-aging ingredients, increase hydration, soften fine lines and wrinkles, minimize the appearance of pore size and improve elasticity. Skin looks, feels and acts more youthful.
Believe your eyes: This innovative treatment dramatically renews and revitalizes the under eye area, boosting hydration as it diminishes the appearance of dark circles, fine lines and, most importantly, puffiness. Eyes take on a more rested, youthful appearance. How it works Revive Eye Concentrate features the breakthrough, proprietary delivery system Syntoc Actif. This exclusive and patented technology aids in the improved delivery of key ingredients. Among those ingredients is the Hydration Plus Complex, which helps to balance water content and promote better circulation to diminish the appearance of dark circles and puffiness.
Drench lips in total luxury: sumptuous, punchy color saturates lips in a unique, ultra-lightweight formula enriched with emollients and antioxidants for beautiful, supple lips. Elegant, semi-translucent glossy color. Vitamin E and lanolin for soft, supple lips. Silky texture and easy-glide formula. Never heavy or sticky.
A soap-free, paraben-free crème cleanser that gently cleanses and exfoliates skin for a smoother, brighter complexion. Ideal for normal to dry skin, Daily Renew Crème Cleanser loosens and lifts away makeup and impurities, exfoliates dead skin cells and revives a weary and lackluster complexion without over-drying or stripping your skin. How to use: May be used with or without water. Place one to two pumps in the palm of hand. Massage over entire face and neck to loosen makeup and imbedded impurities. Gently wipe clean with washcloth or towelette or rinse clean with warm tepid water.
This nail primer for natural and artificial nails produces a matte finish, thereby creating the perfect surface for enamel adhesion. This base/top coat allows polish to remain on the nails four to seven days longer than an ordinary base coat and prevents shipping and tip wear. This fast drying base/top coat dries up to four coats of enamel to a high, glossy shine in less than three minutes. The product is toluene and formaldehyde free and contains an UV inhibitor, which prevents yellowing.
A combination of cleansing and hydration actives, Daily Renew Crème Cleanser and Ultra Hydration Eye Mask Duos work together in pure skin synergy. Rich in moisture and free from parabens, Daily Renew Crème Cleanser gently strips away skin impurities, revealing a renewed complexion. The Ultra Hydration Eye Mask Duo targets the dry under eye area, delivering intense hydration for a bright-eyed look. The end result: a smoother, visibly healthier face.
Introducing Visage de Soie Finishing Powder, a mattifying pressed powder which absorbs oil, delivering a shine-free yet radiant finish that lasts all day. Visage de Soie Finishing Powder provides the final step in creating a beautifully flawless face. Finely milled for a lightweight feel, this powder can be worn alone or over makeup to help set foundation for a matte complexion that lasts. Visage de Soie Finishing Powder is designed to blend effortlessly without caking or settling into fine lines. The unique formula allows for the natural glow of skin to shine through, enhancing skin's beauty. Soft, silk-like powders and radiance spheres help create a soft-focus effect, minimizing flaws and signs of fatigue. Even the most uneven skin is transformed into a smooth, healthy, shine-free complexion. Visage de Soie Finishing Powder is available in eight signature shades.
Le Metier de Beaute Kaleidoscope Lip Kit is a Lip Palette that retails for $95.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This ultrafine powder possesses superior blendability and outstanding color payoff. Weightless, true-to-color pigments. Adjustable coverage, transparency and intensity. Comes in a range of finishes including matte, shimmer and satin.
Le Metier de Beaute Aurora retails for $95.00 and contains 0.49 oz.
Le Metier de Beaute Kaleidoscope Blush Kit is a Face Palette that retails for $95.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute Kaleidoscope Face Kit is a Face Palette that retails for $95.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute Compact Powder is a Powder. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
For defining eyes, eyebrows and beyond. Excellent for a precision application of Lip Tar 
An indispensable multipurpose brush for contouring and shading. 
Designed specifically to fit perfectly into small powder jars and palettes, this pro favorite turns our Loose Colours, into the perfect blushes and highlighters! Great for precise powder touch-ups as well. 
A uniquely shaped, flexible concealer brush that applies smoothly and evenly.
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics Cosmetic Glitter is a Glitter that retails for $14.00. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics Crème Colour Concentrate is a Eyeshadow that retails for $20.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A firm but flexible brush that's a great alternative to an airbrush for OCC Skin applications. A must-have when working with OCC Tint. 
A luxuriously soft and large all-purpose powder brush for use on the face and body.
A makeup standard for applying creme and powder products densely and precisely.
A stunning new innovation in lip color, OCC Lip Tar combines the longevity of a lipstick, with the ease of application of a gloss. Goes on slick and moist, and dries down to a satin finish. Ultra-saturated in color, Lip Tar contains an unprecedented amount of pigment - a little goes a very, very long way! An intense yet featherweight layer of color that never looks or feels heavy. Meant to be mixed, Lip Tar comes in concise array of colors for a limitless selection of shades made by you! A simple, elegant formula that contains Hemp Oil, Peppermint Oil and Vitamin E, OCC Lip Tar feels as good on the lips as it looks!
These micronized colour pigments are fused with light- reflecting mica and can be used to apply shimmer on the eyes, lips, cheeks and anywhere else on the face or body for a sleek, eye-catching look. Whether for smoky, shimmering eyes, highlighted cheeks or even a dramatic, metallic lip, LOOSE COLOUR CONCENTRATES are the ultimate product for customizable color. Also great mixed with our Primer and OCC Skin Clear Mixing Medium to create custom - and even airbrushable - colours. • Available in 36 Versatile, Long-Wearing Shades • Carmine Free! 100% Vegan, Mineral-Based Pigments • Unadulterated Pigment - No Fillers, Binders or Extenders
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics Anime that is permanent and retails for $10.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
An extraordinary multi-use product, it can be used alone to sheer out existing OCC Skin™ shades. As a mixing medium, it’s also used to emulsify our Loose Colours for custom colour airbrush applications. Because it has the same natural matte finish as our foundations, it also functions as an effective anti-shine spray for a powder-free application.
Designed to be applied with our #002 Foundation Brush, this lightweight lotion soothes and moisturizes, and creates a smooth surface for makeup to adhere to - an essential first step before applying airbrush makeup. Chamomile Extract soothes sensitive skin, while Cornflower Extract helps to keep moisture levels in check. Excellent as a combination moisturizer/primer for oil-rich skintypes. Also a phenomenal eye base for ourLoose Colours, giving them incredible longevity. Voted one of Women's Day Magazine's Top Beauty Buys!
For those who prefer a more traditional lip brush, the rounded tip of the bristles comes to a firm point, for a perfect application of Lip Tar or your other favorite lip products. 
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics Pure Cosmetic Pigment is a Eyeshadow that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A thick, fluffy and compact shading brush for the eyelids. A must to apply our Loose Colours. 
For compact and precise applications of powder and creme products. Excellent for small detail work.
A standard brush in any professional's kit, an excellent brush for contouring the eye and blending into the crease.
Amplified Lash will rock your world. All it takes is a simple turn of the dial. Crank up the expandable brush to the fully extended position to majorly volumize and thicken lashes, and twist down to the ultra compact position to precisely comb through lashes for incredible length and definition.
Tingle, plump & shine your pout to super-sexy proportions. No shimmer, no glimmer-just creamy glass-smooth gloss, decadent color, intoxicating shine, and that famous Buxom tingle.
Big lips. Big color. Meet our plumping polish for the Buxom babe who wants it all. Get fuller, more voluptuous lips along with opaque lipcolor.
Tingle, plump & shine your pout to super-sexy proportions. This shimmering, sheer lip polish instantly creates the look of fuller, more voluptuous lips with luminous shine. 
Tingle, plump & sparkle & shine your pout to super-sexy proportions. This sheer, sparkling lip polish instantly creates the look of fuller, more voluptuous lips with luminous shine. 
Tingle, plump & sparkle & shine your pout to super-sexy proportions. This sheer, sparkling lip polish instantly creates the look of fuller, more voluptuous lips with luminous shine. 
This 3-in-1 Lip Perfecter does three jobs—it defines the shape of the lips like a liner, fills them in with velvet matte color, and plumps them to their full Buxom potential.
Big & Healthy Lip Tarnish takes color to a new level—it tints like a stain, shines like a gloss, moisturizes like a balm, and plumps like nobody's business.
Talk the talk with this ultra-hydrating, volumizing lip gloss with a smooth, soft-cushion sensation. Its dual moisturizing and plumping formula, powered by time-released, encapsulated hyaluronic spheres, promotes constant hydration and fullness.
Layer on the jewels with Buxom Insider Eyeliners. The rich, velvety twist-up pencil liner glides on ultra smooth to deliver the perfect line without tugging.
Bigger is better. Buxom Lash Mascara intensely volumizes for bigger, fuller lashes. 
Buxom Lashliner may look like just an eyeliner, but it's also a thickening and conditioning treatment that instantly takes your lashes from hardly any to very many.
 The versatile flat felt-tip is ideal for delivering a sleek or bold line in a soft shine finish with complete precision.
This bounc-i-licious new eye color offers the ultimate experience with an unexpectedly plush, lightweight texture and vivid color. It leaps and bounds beyond what you've come to expect from eye color—and it's even waterproof. Named after our loyal four-legged friends, these stay-put shades will be your faithful new beauty companions as they comfort and care for your pretty peepers. The mineral-infused, paraben-free formula pampers delicate skin with soothing Aloe extract and vitamin E—all with a non-greasy, long-wearing finish. Touch it. Pet it. Love it. 
This eye primer pencil acts as the perfect companion to your favorite eye products. 
Sweep on this silky, sheer ultra-buildable blush for the color of your dreams. True Hue Blush contains rhodiola, an arctic plant root that makes cheeks appear refreshed, allowing them to come alive with color. 
Waterproof Lash Mascara intensely volumizes while separating and defining every single lash.
This versatile eye stick is your secret weapon for sexy, smoky eyes. Sultry and smoldering, it shadows, lines and smokes for easy killer eye looks. The waterproof, smudge proof formula stays put, so your eye look will stay fierce as long as you do.
Renew and revive with our age-defying serum. Ideal for combination, oily and normal skin, the lightweight formula works to diminish the signs of aging, including fine lines and wrinkles. Use as a daily facial treatment to reveal softer, smoother, younger-looking skin.
Renew and revive with our age-defying serum. Ideal for combination, oily and normal skin, the lightweight formula works to diminish the signs of aging, including fine lines and wrinkles. Use as a daily facial treatment to reveal softer, smoother, younger-looking skin.
Our cutting-edge formula uses Polysilicone and Epidermal Fortifying Lipid (EFL) Technology to strengthen the skin's natural protective barrier. Promote optimal skin repair following environmental damage or skin resurfacing treatments.
Reveal your smoothest, most beautiful skin. Our revolutionary Critical Care Skin Repair Complex is clinically proven to help repair skin cells.
Want brand new skin? All you have to do is uncover it. Our convenient peel pads lightly and gradually sweep away roughness and damaged skin cells to reveal youthful, healthy-looking skin. They also prepare your skin to take in essential moisture, vitamins and nutrients. Resurface and refine your skin daily with our weightless, deep-cleaning formula.
Take a few years off your skin. Our gentle scrub cleanses the face and body while removing dry, rough skin along the way. Enjoy improved skin texture and clarity in addition to a good clean.
Take a few years off your skin. Our gentle scrub cleanses the face and body while removing dry, rough skin along the way. Enjoy improved skin texture and clarity in addition to a good clean.
Meet our best-selling product for over three years. Ideal for normal/combination skin as well as dry skin, our daily cleanser literally dissolves makeup, oil and residue — revealing softer, smoother, healthier-looking skin.
Meet our best-selling product for over three years. Ideal for normal/combination skin as well as dry skin, our daily cleanser literally dissolves makeup, oil and residue — revealing softer, smoother, healthier-looking skin.
If exfoliation has irritated your skin in the past, you're going to love this extra-gentle version of our best-selling Facial Cleanser. It exfoliates as well as dissolving makeup, oil and daily residue — leaving softer, smoother skin.
Reveal softer, smoother, healthier-looking skin with this targeted formula for oily and problem-prone complexions. Use our lathering gel in the morning and at night to remove surface oil, balance oil production, and reduce the appearance of enlarged pores. Not only does it cleanse and clarify, but it also contains our revolutionary glycolic compound — a natural exfoliant — to gently remove dulling skin cells, which can clog pores.
Turn a daily routine into a golden opportunity. This nourishing moisturizer has a touch of sunless tanner, so it gives you super soft skin with a gradual, streak-free tan. Why not keep that natural, warm glow all year long?
This is going to be one of your favorite products, ever. It will give your skin a gorgeous, luminous glow, and only gets better the more you wear it. This is your daily moisturizer with the added benefit of a shimmering golden tan all year round.
Wish you could look like you spent a day at the beach? Thankfully you can get a safe, all-over tan in a bottle. This luminous warmth is easy to apply to your whole body and works on even the most sensitive skin — leaving you soft and glowing.
Excess oil equals excess shine. Put an end to that unwanted shine on your forehead with our powerful antibacterial corrector. Ideal for very oily complexions, our Glycare Lotion minimizes surface oil, helps to prevent breakouts, and reduces the appearance of enlarged pores. Go clear and shine-free today.
Smooth out your edges. Ideal for hands, elbows and knees, our Hand & Body Creme contains a glycolic compound to exfoliate surface skin cells in exposed areas. Reveal youthful skin that's soft and healthy with this gentle crème, which works well with all skin types.
If you want super soft lips, you need to fight back. The enemy? Sun damage and extreme weather. Our broad-spectrum SPF 20 provides a year-round defense against harmful UVA/UVB rays, whether you're at the beach or in the snow. Get balmed with our ultimate lip protection.
Deep hydration doesn't have to be greasy. Our rich-yet-gentle crème is the ideal moisturizer for very dry skin, combination skin, and dry, sensitive skin. Rebuild the skin's protective barrier with this advanced formula, which absorbs immediately to leave skin soft, hydrated, and calm.
Today, you need more than intense hydration. You also need to prevent future skin damage. That's why our Moisture Defense Antioxidant Crème contains four powerful antioxidants to defend against environmental stress. Rebuild the skin's protective barrier with this gentle crème, which is ideal for dry, combination, and sensitive skin.
Dark circles. Fine lines. Puffiness. Sounds like your defenses need a boost. Get soothing relief with our hydrating and firming daytime treatment. Ideal for all skin types, it has light-deflecting pearls to enhance radiance and reduce the appearance of common eye issues. Restore vital moisture and rebuild the skin's protective barrier in the most delicate eye areas.
Need a moisturizer without any added oil? Our Moisture Defense Antioxidant Hydrating Gel is perfect for oily and problem-prone skin. Great for both men and women, it provides the oil-free moisture you need for a clear, healthy-looking complexion. Apply over your acne treatments to hydrate blemished areas safely, without adding to the problem.
It's time to mount your defense. Restore vital moisture and guard against environmental stress with our amazing daily lotion. With continued use, fine lines diminish, and moisture levels surge. Rebuild the skin's protective barrier with this gentle formula, which is ideal for dry, combination and sensitive skin.
Your best defense is a fast offense. Restore vital moisture and rebuild your skin's protective barrier with a quick push of a button. Our light, oil-free spray reactivates skin hydration whenever you need it throughout the day.
Hate those calluses on your heels or toes? Exfoliate the rough, dry areas of your feet with this intensive treatment formula. Not only does it eliminate thick patches of skin — including the stubborn ones on your heels — but it retexturizes along the way for softer, more supple feet.
A convenient two-in-one treatment that simultaneously moisturizes and plumps, this temporary lip solution helps you create fuller, smoother lips without painful, costly injections. Plus, with continued use, its effective peptide complex works to encourage plumper, younger-looking lips.
Recommended by The Skin Cancer Foundation. Total Protector 30 provides the skin with maximum protection against the environmental factors that lead to premature skin aging. This broad spectrum sun protector is formulated for individuals with highly sun sensitive skin, and provides protection from both UVA and UVB rays.
Dramatically reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while increasing resiliency and firmness in the delicate eye area. Ideal for all skin types, our clinically proven formula, which combines Vitamin A and glycolic compound, works beneath the surface where wrinkles begin. Apply this oil-free crème before bedtime.
Buxom Hot Escapes is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Buxom Passport Collection is a Face Palette that retails for $39.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Buxom Color Choreography Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 37 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
 This versatile 5-shade palette offers a range of finishes from matte to shimmer in a multitude of alluring shades, including a vivid pop of color. Mix and match the creamy, rich, blendable, long-lasting shadows.
Buxom Flirt Alert Eye Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $19.50. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Buxom Fully-Loaded Lips Duo is a Lip Palette that retails for $18.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Buxom Lip Polish is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Waterproof, long-lasting lip liner. Automatic pencil never needs sharpening. Delivers a precise, professional line. Waterproof formula stays put for hours and hours without feathering or bleeding.
Fresh, oil-free makeup base evens out and illuminates the complexion. Hydrating gel formula minimizes the appearance of imperfections with a beautifully smooth finish that makes foundation application easier and extends its wear, hour after beautiful hour.
Innovative base assures longer-lasting eyeshadow wear, helps conceal imperfections and brightens the eye in an instant. Soft, creamy texture provides all-day wear for eyeshadow; prevents creasing and fading. Talc helps minimize imperfections. Optical pigments add radiance to the eye. Special applicator allows for smooth delivery of base.
Practicality takes on a new poise – and polish –;safeguarding nails against chipping. CHANEL maximizes the manicure with a base coat and top coat that work in tandem to strengthen and protect, while reducing the appearance of white spots.
The all-important first step in strengthening lashes, this conditioning formula fortifies and hydrates, while enhancing lash volume, length and curl. Can also be worn as a lash-strengthening 'mask' at night.
A refreshing eye cream to address dark circles and/or the first signs of lines. At the heart of the formula: Blue Ginger PFA*, combined with vitamins and minerals, delivers an ongoing boost of energy to help counteract signs of fatigue in the vulnerable eye area. Yeast Extract helps measurably reduce dark circles and puffiness. Protecting against premature aging that may result from UV exposure: broad-spectrum SPF 15.
Expertly tapered bristles allow the professional application of blush to highlight cheekbones and accentuate the contours of the face.
Chanel Blush Horizon de Chanel is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A powerful firming cream helps tighten and tone skin to its sleekest silhouette. Formulated with an organic silicone derivative, it helps maintain skin’s support system for a demonstrably denser look, with enhanced suppleness and 'bounce.' A unique complex of smoothing sugars gently exfoliates coarse, uneven areas, helping to stimulate cell renewal on a daily basis.
This multi-tasking, revitalizing formula contains a power-play of ingredients -- licorice extract, to help improve skin clarity by visibly reducing the look of age spots, and Pro-Vitamin B5, to help condition cuticles and coat nails -- for a measurably healthier-looking appearance.
Lightweight, luxurious lotion offers an intriguing way to enjoy CHANCE, the unexpected CHANEL Fragrance. Envelops your skin with silky moisture, absorbing instantly to hydrate and soften. After bath, leaves skin satiny-smooth and irresistibly scented.
It's your chance . . . TAKE IT! A decidedly young scent for those who dare to dream. A light, subtly sensual fragrance, filled with vitality and energy, evolves from one moment to the next, each wholly unique.
Chanel Brompton Road Poudre Tissee Highlighting Powder is a Blush that retails for $80.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Magnetic and uncompromising, COCO NOIR reveals a black that is intimate, seductive and intensely brilliant. Striking top notes of Grapefruit and Bergamot accentuate the floral accord, with Rose and Jasmine, while Indonesian Patchouli and Sandalwood notes add warmth.
The ideal way to groom your eyebrows. The soft, smoothly textured pencil applies easily, shapes and shades perfectly, and stays put for long-wearing, natural definition.
Dual-phase formula gently whisks away all eye makeup, even waterproof mascara. Provides effective eye makeup removal with the refreshing feel of water. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
It's your chance . . . TAKE IT! A decidedly young scent for those who dare to dream. A light, subtly sensual fragrance, filled with vitality and energy, evolves from one moment to the next, each wholly unique.
CHANCE Eau Fraîche, a vibrant incarnation of the unexpected fragrance, now takes on a sparkling freshness. The unexpected floral bursts with a lightness and zest as notes of citrus, Water Hyacinth and Jasmine Absolute are highlighted and energized with woody notes of Amber of Patchouli and Fresh Vetiver.
CHANCE, the country’s bestselling fragrance family, reveals its newest facet, CHANCE EAU TENDRE. CHANEL Master Perfumer Jacques Polge reimagines the decidedly young scent in a constellation of tender and vibrant notes, at once delicate and airy, with an intoxicatingly light, fruity trail.
Chanel Effets Iridescents Yeux Iridescent Effects Eyes is a Highlighter that retails for $75.00 and contains 0.46 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Applies and blends eyebrow pencil and powder. Use to define eyes or fill in eyebrows.
An extra-fine brush designed to trace an extremely precise line along the base of the lashes.
A perfectly curved shape to precisely outline and contour.
For precise application of eyeshadow on lids for different effects. 
For shading on lid or in eye crease. This brush is ideal for blending eyeshadow with precision.
To gently apply and blend eyeshadow on the entire eyelid.
A small round-tipped firm brush for precise application of shadow along the contour of the eye.
Provides a rapid and even application of cream eyeshadow. To use on the eyelid or along the lashline.
Perfectly adapts to the shape of the face for flawless powder application and blending.
Precisely applies and blends all concealer formulas. The ideal professional tool to correct imperfections and hide dark circles.
A beveled shape ideal for setting powder foundation and sculpting cheeks and facial contours. Available only on chanel.com and in Chanel Makeup Studios.
Designed as a professional artistry tool to be used with Chanel products, this foundation brush is crafted with the meticulous attention to detail that is an integral part of Chanel heritage. The compact handle is made out of lightweight wood and lacquered three times to create a matte black finish. The brush hair was shaped without using scissors or razors to deliver precise makeup results. It is the perfect tool for applying fluid or cream foundation to ensure flawless, even coverage.
Ensures flawless, even application of all foundation types, from fluid to cream to powder, and produces a naturally luminous effect.
Easily portable, this is the ideal travel accessory for applying all types of powder and blush.
A gel cleanser and makeup remover for combination-to-oily skin with the de-polluting power of Tulip Tree Extract and the astringent properties of Meadowsweet Extract. Helps eliminate excess sebum and control surface oils with gentle cleansing action, to leave skin feeling fresh, clean and matte.
Give lackluster skin the ultimate beauty boost with this relaxing spa-ritual treatment. This energizing, refreshing gel-cream texture delivers powerful exfoliating action for a refined, revitalized, luminous complexion.
Chanel Highlighter & Blush is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
At the heart of the HYDRA BEAUTY range: Camellia Alba PFA*, an active ingredient that promotes optimal moisture retention within skin cells. When combined with an improved, more powerful version of Blue Ginger PFA, a vital antioxidant, the perfect synergy of ultimate hydration and protection is created. The Crème, with added shea butter and canola oil derivatives, will quench the driest, thirstiest skin. Ideal for normal-to-dry skin.
At the heart of the HYDRA BEAUTY range: Camellia Alba PFA*, an active ingredient that promotes optimal moisture retention within skin cells. When combined with an improved, more powerful version of Blue Ginger PFA, a powerful antioxidant, the perfect synergy of ultimate hydration and protection is created. A light, fresh, cooling texture bathes skin in hydration for comfort, protection and increased radiance. Ideal for normal skin.
At the heart of the HYDRA BEAUTY range: Camellia Alba PFA*, an active ingredient that promotes optimal moisture retention within skin cells. When combined with an improved, more powerful version of Blue Ginger PFA, a vital antioxidant, the perfect synergy of ultimate hydration and protection is created. With added Hyaluronic Acid, the Sérum immediately hydrates and protects the skin. Fresh and soothing, it comforts and boosts overall radiance. Ideal for all skin types.
Discover the powerful hydrating action of a comforting mask that bathes the skin in moisture. Formulated with Ceratonia PFA*, a natural, purified ingredient, this formula targets the very heart of skin to boost the dynamics of skin hydration at the source. Its delicious cream texture envelops the skin, instantly delivering a deep feeling of soothing comfort. 
Soften, smooth and comfort dry, delicate lips with this highly effective lip care treatment, specifically created for intensely parched lips. Formulated with Ceratonia PFA*, a customized ingredient, along with Shea Butter and Cottonseed Oil extract, to deeply hydrate, nourish and help repair. Soft, supple and deeply moisturized, lips look sensuously plumped and perfectly smooth, with a beautiful satiny finish.*PFA: Polyfractioned Active. An ultra-pure, ultra-powerful ingredient created through an exclusive purification technique developed by CHANEL.
This hydrating lotion delivers essential moisture to skin and defends it from UVA and UVB rays, while imparting a healthy, natural-looking glow. At the heart of the formula: CERATONIA PFA* powerfully stimulates hydration; a Hydrabarrier System™ locks it in, resulting in healthy-looking, smooth, supple skin.
This technologically advanced formula builds on the success of the original mascara, delivering dramatic effects with a unique brush. The result is a more intense lash look, with the same easy application. Lashes appear longer, thicker and more curled, yet each lash, even the finest, is still precisely separated—without clumping, spiking or flaking.
The mascara that delivers it all - volume, length, curl and precise separation - is now in waterproof. The original ahead-of-the-curve formula and unique brush design deliver exceptionally gorgeous lashes that stay that way, even through inclement weather or time in the pool.
Now, in a single stroke, CHANEL sets a new standard in mascara with a formula that does it all. A sophisticated formula and unique brush design combine to lengthen, plump and curl, delivering lush, long-wearing colour so precisely that each lash, even the finest, is perfectly defined and separated.
Chanel Iridescent Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $95.00 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Unique powder blusher imparts a flattering radiance to cheeks. Remarkably silky texture for easy application and subtle shading. Accentuate cheekbones for a youthful look. Softer tones around the eyes soften expression and rejuvenate.
An ultra-gentle milk cleanser and makeup remover for dry or sensitive skin with the de-polluting power of Tulip Tree Extract and the hydrating properties of Arum Lily Extract. Non-drying formula thoroughly and comfortably cleanses, soothes and tones, with deep moisturizing effects.
Practicality takes on a new poise – and polish – safeguarding nails against chipping. CHANEL maximizes the manicure with a new base coat and top coat that work in tandem to strengthen and protect, while reducing the appearance of white spots.
LE BLANC daily brightening skincare ritual marries the power of Eastern philosophy and Western science to illuminate the complexion, delivering more even-toned, radiant skin. Each of the exquisitely textured products in LE BLANC range offers a specific benefit that works in synergy to brighten the complexion. As skin’s most intensive brightening ally, the Concentrate delivers a high intensity of the TXC™ molecule, while Pearl Protein Extract visibly corrects skin’s dullness and moisturizes. 
LE BLANC daily brightening skincare ritual marries the power of Eastern philosophy and Western science to illuminate the complexion, delivering more even-toned, radiant skin. Each of the exquisitely textured products in LE BLANC range offers a specific benefit that works in synergy to brighten the complexion. The Moisturizing Cream delivers triple action: It intensifies dark-spot correction, offers optimal hydration and provides immediate comfort. Its creamy patent-pending formula, enriched with TXC™ and Pearl Protein Extract boosts the brightening action and maintains a high level of hydration for a full eight hours. TXC™ — the first active brightening ingredient registered in Japan as a quasi-drug by a Western company — has a distinctive structure that delivers continuous action for 12 hours*. The skin appears luminescent and smooth for an even and radiant complexion.
LE BLANC daily brightening skincare ritual marries the power of Eastern philosophy and Western science to illuminate the complexion, delivering more even-toned, radiant skin. Each of the exquisitely textured products in LE BLANC range offers a specific benefit that works in synergy to brighten the complexion. This luxurious, creamy formula, featuring Pearl Protein and Licorice Extracts, gently cleanses and purifies skin for renewed softness and luminosity.
Ingenious multi-tasking fluid 'primes' skin perfectly for makeup, while adding subtle contours and radiance to the face. A unique blend of powders reduces the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines for smooth, even, flawless finish.
Perfect for a smoky eye, this soft pencil quickly achieves a dramatic look. A special blend of colour and pearl pigments provides a rich, intense line with a semi-matte finish. Specially formulated to glide gently over the eyelid, the liner is safe for use in rim of the eye. A companion sharpener ensures the pencil is always ready for lining.
Creamy-textured pencil offers precise lip lining, to emphasize and maximize the shape of your lips with long-lasting colour. Silicones allow ease of application.
Eye contour crayon outlines and accents dramatically. Creates a clear, precise line around eyes, enhancing their expression. Also gives a gentle shadow to lids when delicately blended with sponge applicator. Extremely smooth texture with finely dispersed pigments for even, long-lasting wear.
Brilliance to your fingertips with must-have colours from the runways of Paris. State-of-the-art formula strengthens and moisturizes nails. Unique patented non-spill bottle with wiping action for easy application.
The high-precision mascara achieves instant volume and intensely lush color in a single stroke. Its innovative formula expands, plumping lashes to their fullest. The exclusive new Snowflakes brush combines long and short bristles to deliver an extreme, eye-opening effect.
Inspired by the iconic Chanel tweed fabric, this sheer blush harmony is ‘woven’ with shimmering powder for a refined radiance. The ultra-soft texture creates a light, airy finish. Available in limited quantities, exclusively on Chanel.com.
Gorgeous shimmer and a high-shine glow is delivered effortlessly to lips with just one stroke of this best-selling lipgloss. A wide range of shades, from sheer and natural to sparkling and rich, look beautiful on their own, or over your favorite Chanel lipstick. Equally beautiful: the conditioning formula's comfort, deep hydration and long wear.
Intense, easy-to-use liquid liner. Dramatic look. Water-resistant. Liquid formula gives smudge-proof line easily. Eye is emphasized clearly and dramatically. Brush gives you control to draw a precise line ranging from the finest to the thickest.
Thanks to an innovative formula, the long-lasting liner traces an intense, water-resistant line with glossy shine that dries rapidly.
A slanted shape allows for precise and controlled application of lip colour for an even and professional finish. 
This artful brush creates a precise lip outline and even application of lipstick. Convenient cap makes this brush ideal for travel.
A hydrating, soothing toner for dry or sensitive skin with the de-polluting power of Tulip Tree Extract and the hydrating properties of Arum Lily Extract. Non-drying formula thoroughly and comfortably cleanses, soothes and tones, with deep moisturizing effects.
A fresh, light toner for normal-to-combination skin with the de-polluting power of Tulip Tree Extract and the emollient properties of Mallow Extract. Gently purifies while respecting skin's eco-balance, with velvety-smooth, radiant effects.
A refreshing toner for combination-to-oily skin with the de-pollutiing power of Tulip Tree Extract and sebum-controlling properties of Meadowsweet Extract. Leaves skin optimally cleansed and purified, visibly freshened and beautifully mattified.
Chanel Lumiere d'Artifices Beiges Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.63 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Lumiere Sculptee de Chanel Highlighting Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $72.00 and contains 0.46 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Give oily skin the ultimate beauty boost with this relaxing spa-ritual treatment. Oil-absorbing formula with a deliciously rich texture refines and smooths skin, as it brings it the clarity and freshness it craves for a perfectly matte complexion.
A regular mirror on one side, and a magnifying mirror on the other, perfect for touch-ups. Ultra-slim and compact, it is an elegant essential for every makeup bag.
CHANCE, the country’s bestselling fragrance family, reveals its newest facet, CHANCE EAU TENDRE. CHANEL Master Perfumer Jacques Polge reimagines the decidedly young scent in a constellation of tender and vibrant notes, at once delicate and airy, with an intoxicatingly light, fruity trail.
CHANCE Eau Fraîche, a vibrant incarnation of the unexpected fragrance, now takes on a sparkling freshness. The unexpected floral bursts with a lightness and zest as notes of citrus, Water Hyacinth and Jasmine Absolute are highlighted and energized with woody notes of Amber of Patchouli and Fresh Vetiver.
Chanel Mouche de Beaute Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $80.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Comforts dehydrated and sensitive skin with the de-pollution power of Tulip Tree Extract and the moisturizing properties of Arum Lily Extract. Non-drying mousse formula thoroughly and comfortably cleanses, soothes and tones, with deeply moisturizing effects.
A rinse-off foaming mousse cleanser and makeup remover for normal-to-combination skin with the de-polluting power of Tulip Tree Extract and the emollient properties of Mallow Extract. Gently purifies while respecting skin's eco-balance, with moisturizing effects.
A luxuriously lightweight mousse-based cleansing foam for combination-to-oily skin with the de-polluting power of Tulip Tree Extract and the astringent properties of Meadowsweet Extract. Helps eliminate excess sebum and control surface oils with gentle cleansing action, to leave skin feeling fresh, clean and matte. Jojoba beads eliminate dead cells, and provide deep pore cleansing, revealing a new suppleness and a naturally healthy glow.
An instant CHANEL classic, this ultra-fine powder eyeshadow is sensuous in feel, foolproof in its application, fabulous in its range of finishes: matte, shimmer and satin. All shades are complementary and can be blended with one another to lighten, darken or intensify tone.
The beauty of sheer loose powder in a convenient compact for application any time, anywhere. Sets and perfects makeup, while light-reflecting pigments enhance and highlight skin’s natural radiance.
Chanel Poudre Signee de Chanel Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $68.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Imparts a translucent, natural matte finish when applied over makeup in the morning or as an anytime touch-up. Ultra-fine lightweight formula with light-reflecting pigments and luxuriously soft feel creates a flattering, halo-like look.
Ultra-soft loose powder provides sheer, light coverage with a soft matte finish, setting and perfecting makeup as it evens skin tone. Photo-reflective pigments help disguise imperfections without emphasizing lines.
This daily serum is targeted specifically for skin with excess sebum. Lightweight and oil-free, it absorbs rapidly to instantly refine skin texture -- eliminating dead cells and tightening pores -- and soften the appearance of imperfections. Helps balance oil production for a long-lasting matte finish.
CHANEL reveals the next generation of lip gloss—with colour so rich and shine so intense it could only be inspired by the iconic lipstick, Rouge Allure. Bold colour combines with the smoothest, silkiest gel texture for luxurious wear and deeply dramatic effect. Lips feel comfortable—never sticky or tacky—and look luminous, full and sensuous for hours. The double-sided, flocked applicator is beveled to deliver ultra-precise definition.
The next generation of ROUGE ALLURE dresses lips with unmistakable attitude. A new formula with concentrated, ultra-thin pigments offers radically intense colour with full coverage and a satin finish. Leaves lips supple and protected with lasting comfort.
Elevating matte to a new elegance, this next-generation, non-drying matte lipstick glides on lips with intensely rich colour and a sumptuously soft, velvet matte finish.
A modern interpretation of classic creme lip colour as an homage to the rich life and legacy of 'Coco' Chanel. Lightweight lip colour glides on for easy application, and features a Hydratendre complex to help soften, soothe and condition lips - even boosting their ability to hold in moisture - for a plumper, smoother and healthier-looking appearance. A range of wearable shades with full-coverage finishes, from matte to pearl to soft shimmer.
A moisture-rich lip balm with an advanced Hydratendre complex, this formula hydrates and softens lips, for a healthier and fuller appearance. Its sheer, lustrous texture glides on smoothly with a sumptuous, high-gloss finish.
The next chapter in the brilliant ROUGE COCO SHINE story: ROUGE COCO SHINE Hydrating Colour Lipshine, an innovative formula with intensified pigments to take colour and sheen to a new level of vibrancy. Sheer, shiny, colour-rich shades are effortlessly chic, infinitely wearable. Hydratendre Complex softens and plumps lips for a healthier, fuller appearance.
Base Colour Coat: Innovative fluid texture delivers long-lasting performance, comfortable application and perfect adherence to lips - without transferring or feathering. Dries quickly, too. Top Gloss Coat: Clear gloss's soft, non-tacky texture provides high shine and comfort throughout the day.
This unique powder formula lends subtle hints of warmth and shimmer to every complexion. It is comprised of seven unique shades — including a luminous gold — which can be applied separately to highlight and sculpt facial contours or blended together to achieve an overall bronzing effect that replicates the natural glow of sunbathed skin.
Gently illuminating, oil-free bronzing powder in the form of wave-swept sands delivers a naturally gorgeous bronze glow that never looks dull or flat.
Sheer, weightless liquid instantly brightens skin and evens out skin tone. Light-reflecting pigments provide radiance and luminosity. Botanical extracts soften, smooth and moisturize.
This new waterproof eyeliner formula delivers long-lasting definition with a twist of the wrist: Colour winds up when you need it, winds down when you don't. A built-in sharpener at the opposite end detaches for quick refreshes.
The ultimate in daily cleansing, this first step to achieving skin perfection offers incomparable effectiveness, comfort and gentle purifying. With Camellia and Jojoba oils, the unique formula soothes as it gently removes makeup. 
New SUBLIMAGE LA CRÈME Texture Suprême brings together two botanical treasures with extraordinary properties: the fruit and the flower of Vanilla Planifolia. Blended together for the first time, they give birth to an active gem, as potent as it is rare. With this single key ingredient, Enriched Planifolia PFA*, SUBLIMAGE LA CRÈME Texture Suprême delivers a new customized action on the 'life factors' responsible for the key signs of aging (wrinkles, loss of firmness, radiance and moisture, and unevenness of skin tone), based on individual skin needs. Enhancing the experience: a delicate, refined fragrance and sumptuously rich feel. Intensely regenerated and deeply revitalized, skin glows with captivating radiance. Sublime beauty and serenity radiate from within.
The ultimate in anti-aging luxury is now delivered with an ultra-light texture. It starts with one unique plant – Vanilla Planifolia – unearthed in the farthest reaches of Madagascar. A unique process created by Chanel Research harnesses the power of this potent botanical fruit for targeted anti-aging benefits.
With the exclusive ingredient, Enriched Planifolia PFA*, SUBLIMAGE LA CRÈME Texture Fine delivers a new customized action on the 'life factors' responsible for the key signs of aging (wrinkles, loss of firmness, radiance and moisture, and unevenness of skin tone), based on individual skin needs. Intensely regenerated and deeply revitalized, skin glows with captivating radiance. Sublime beauty and serenity radiate from within. Ideal for younger, normal-to-combination skin and for warm weather or daytime use. 
This unprecedented, next-generation cream gives the delicate eye area unprecedented focus, targeting all the key signs of aging: crow’s feet, dark circles, puffiness, wrinkles and loss of firmness. The sublime, revitalizing results derive from an exclusive Eye Complex, designed to restore skin's elasticity and firmness, and the fruit and flower of Vanilla Planifolia. Blended together, they create an active anti-aging gem, as potent as it is rare: Enriched Planifolia PFA.*
An anti-aging treatment with high-performing star ingredient elemi PFA* stimulates the production of tensin, improving the quality of skin's collagen and elastin fibers, and helping to improve their bonds within the skin to create a firm supportive network. Lush cream, luxuriously textured and delicately scented, delivers a very soft, matte finish, with ultimate comfort, for a visible lifting effect.
High-performing star ingredient elemi PFA* stimulates the production of tensin, improving the quality of skin's collagen and elastin fibers, and helping to improve their bonds within the skin to create a firm supportive network. Ultra-light, oil-free fluid, luxuriously textured and delicately scented, offers a visible lifting effect.
A skincare breakthrough, only from CHANEL. Youthful-looking skin requires more than a boost of collagen and elastin. It also requires tensin - a critical protein naturally abundant in young skin and the key to helping retain skin’s firmness. Stimulating the production of tensin, new ULTRA CORRECTION LIFT Total Eye Lift helps lift the skin of the delicate eye area from within, while also minimizing puffiness and dark circles. Upon application, the light, silky-smooth formula (ideal for use under makeup) cushions and comforts the skin. Eyes look instantly relaxed and revitalized, revealing a new radiance.
High-performing star ingredient elemi PFA* stimulates the production of tensin, improving the quality of skin's collagen and elastin fibers, and helping to improve their bonds within the skin to create a firm supportive network. Velvety cream, luxuriously textured and delicately scented, intensely nourishes for a plumping and firming effect, specifically formulated for skin’s night function.
Ultra-fine, fragrance-free emulsion delivers anti-wrinkle action, as it helps decrease puffiness and dark circles in the delicate eye area.
Rich, smooth cream delivers anti-wrinkle action, with the feel of absolute comfort from nighttime to morning.
This revolutionary new anti-wrinkle solution, empowered by the pure and potent natural ingredient Bay Cedar PFA*, helps prevent and reverse the appearance of lines and wrinkles at the source by stimulating the production of the enzyme FN3K – skin's own natural anti-wrinkle antidote. Bay Cedar PFA aids in the wrinkle-correction process by enabling collagen fibers to regain their original flexibility and tone. Day after day, even the deepest wrinkles appear diminished, and skin looks and feels its smoothest and freshest.
Ultra-fresh, ultra-light, fluid with a silky feel delivers anti-wrinkle action and an immediate radiance boost.
Skin’s guardian angel provides invisible daily protection against environmental aggressors. A free-radical and anti-pollution shield with a Vitamin E derivative and plant extracts empowers this oil-free, lightweight formula to safeguard skin against environmental pollutants. Licorice Root Extract and a highly effective combination of UVA and UVB filters help diminish and prevent the appearance of dark spots and signs of premature aging.
Chanel Bleu-Tendre retails for $42.00.
Chanel Shade #2 that is permanent.
One essential compact offers unlimited eye looks, with shade combinations ranging from matte to frost to satin for multiple looks, contrasting or complementary. Apply dry for subtle shadowing. Slightly moistened applicator gives a more intense shade. Organic polymer derivatives ensure smudge-proof long wear, particularly in high temperature or humidity.
Chanel La Ligne de Chanel Professional Eyeliner Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $45.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Comprised of five gold-imbued eyeshadow shades, this exclusive palette recalls the luminous beauty of Hong Kong, reflected in the China Sea. Warm tones are brought together in an elegant harmony, each embossed with the iconic quilted pattern. Easily blendable, the soft powder texture is luxurious to the touch, while the versatile shade range offers unlimited eye looks. The two darkest shades may be used as eyeliner. Includes one double-tipped sponge applicator and one dual-sided brush/sponge applicator. Part of the HONG KONG DE CHANEL Collection.
Dior Addict fashion lipstick goes to the Extrême, with radiant colours, a perfect hold wet-look texture, and audacious, sophisticated Dior styles. At the heart of this new soft, sensual texture lie 4 specialist waxes, acting in a targeted manner to correctly combine these extremes in a single formula. This veritable technical feat achieves perfect hold, comfort, and shine in an astonishingly fine film. Dior Addict Extrême is available in 12 shades of pure radiant pigment, from nudes to the boldest shades, exploring all the facets of Dior elegance. A new style means a new dress code: the Dior Addict case plays on transparent, vibrant black - black as in perfection, mystery and timelessness.
Straight from the runway, new Dior Addict Gloss features a featherweight formula with a flash-plumping, spotlight-shine effect. Hyaluronic spheres keep lips smooth and moisturized while mirror-like micropearls reflect light in all directions for a dazzling finish. The package is tall and sleek with a Lucite® top that mirrors the nano-spotlight effect. The precision brush applicator makes for effortless, perfect application every time.
The new Dior Addict Lipstick is a declaration of love between beauty and style, between colour and couture, between Dior and its addicts. 44 shades for a catwalk effect. Easy to wear yet impulsive, the essential Rouge Addict shades play on the excitement and fashion desires of the moment. This completely new, high-shine sensorial formula is totally addictive. With 25% less wax than a classic lipstick, it contains instead an extraordinary reflecting gel. The result is modern transparency, intense plumping hydration and a magnifying glass effect to intensify shine, plump the lips and above all, enhance colour. In its fashionable streamlined case, Dior Addicts wears a new gleaming transparency
Awaken and enhance the natural beauty of your lips with this unique balm that promises the perfect pout. Formulated with color reviver technology, this silky lipstick reacts with the chemistry of your lips to create a special shade that will last all day. The addition of SPF 10 will keep you protected, while hydrating mango butter and loofah extract nourish for beautiful, luscious lips.
To create ultra-smooth, ultra-shiny lips backstage at fashion shows, pro makeup artists roll a cotton swab along models' lips to gently exfoliate; then they apply petroleum jelly to prime the surface and multiply the shine of the gloss topcoat. Now, inspired by these backstage secrets, Dior introduces new Dior Addict Lip Polish. Enriched with moisturizing hyaluronic microspheres and ultra-reflective mother-of-pearl pigments, the incredibly supple formula instantly recreates the impeccable, glowing look of the runway. The revolutionary and exclusive spin-on applicator, which picks up just the right amount of product and then rolls it uniformly onto the lips, provides a delicate massage that enhances the benefits of the formula.
Dior Apricot Cloche is a warm that is discontinued and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.21 oz.
Discover Aqua Fahrenheit from Christian Dior, an energizing fragrance for men inspired by the moment when water meets fire. A classic enhanced by the freshness of citrus and the intensity of vetiver, it is for the man of character who stands out with strength and passion. 
Strengthens weak nails and promotes growth; exceptional refracting properties enhance nail polish wear while fast-evaporating solvents allow for quick drying.
For well-groomed and perfect brows, use the brow brush. The brush has a silver handle, and is decorated in white Dior Logomania. Made from the finest, softest of brush hairs, this is the perfect essential for any beauty maven!
Capture Totale Instant Eye Rescue Treatment features a fresh cream formula that intensively corrects all visible signs of aging while dramatically reducing the appearance of dark circles and puffiness. The innovative palladium applicator gently massages and cools the skin to instantly awaken the eye area. This unique formula can be applied directly to the skin in the morning and evening, or over makeup for a refreshing mid-day touchup.
Revolutionary and unrivaled, the Capture Totale age-defying skincare line acts at the level of the deepest youth-preserving cells. Ultra-concentrated with age-defying ingredients, Capture Totale serum restores the fine quality and velvety feel of youthful skin and deeply corrects even the most deep-set, visible signs of aging.
Dior Capture Totale Multi-Perfection Concentrated Lotion is a Moisturizer.
Revolutionary and unrivaled, the Capture Totale age-defying skincare line acts at the level of the deepest youth-preserving cells. Capture Totale Crème delivers immediate and lasting comfort and helps correct all visible signs of aging with each application. Intensely nourished, moisturized and strengthened, skin reveals new youthfulness.
Revolutionary and unrivaled, the Capture Totale age-defying skincare line acts at the level of the deepest youth-preserving cells. A creamy and silky emulsion smoothes, firms and brightens the eye contour.
Revolutionary and unrivaled, the Capture Totale age-defying skincare line acts at the level of the deepest youth-preserving cells. The light, age-defying makeup primer spreads smoothly and evenly over the skin, deemphasizing dark areas and imperfections. Makeup wear is significantly prolonged and skin appears increasingly more beautiful.
Revolutionary and unrivaled, the Capture Totale age-defying skincare line acts at the level of the deepest youth-preserving cells. The light, silky UV base provides ultimate protection, unique comfort and melts instantly into the skin. Day after day, your complexion becomes more even and youthfully luminous, smoother and radiant with a perfect finish.
Capture Totale deeply nourishes and revitalizes the skin during the night by recharging skin cells with energy. The Longoza-Cellular Complex of age-defying ingredients corrects all visible signs of aging as oenothera helps stimulate collagen production and diminish dark spots to brighten and even out the complexion. Wake up each morning to skin that looks visibly younger, plumper and more beautiful than the day before.
Capture Totale Nurturing Rich Creme delivers immediate and lasting comfort to the skin with each application and corrects all signs of aging. The nourishing power is boosted by the action of targeted ingredients that protect the stem cells. As a result, the skin is smoother, firmer, more even and more luminous.
Dior introduces its most advanced, scientifically proven skincare to help maximize the results of all age-defying skincare routines. One Essential Skin Boosting Super Serum helps to detoxify skin cells to powerfully correct all visible signs of aging and renew skin's youthful appearance. Applied before any other skincare products, One Essential boosts their effectiveness and extends the benefits over time. The skin regains its vitality, becomes more luminous, smoother and visibly younger-looking.
Now, make your favorite Capture Totale skincare essentials even more powerful, more effective to capture the look of youth. Radiance Enhancer with Dior's highest concentration of aminolumine corrects color, improves texture, leaves skin brightened and luminous; it even acts as an alternative to regular foundation.
Capture XP is Dior's wrinkle-smoothing skincare collection that preserves and restores the density beneath each wrinkle. The unique Dior HYALU-STEMTM ingredient complex works both in the epidermis, to revitalize the potential of youth preserving cells to plump the skin and rebuild lost density, and in the dermis, to promote synthesis of hyaluronic acid. Wrinkles are immediately smoothed and are intensely reduced after one month.
Capture XP Ultimate Wrinkle Correction Crème is a rich and nourishing balm that provides immediate plumping and protective comfort to effectively smooth the skin.
Capture XP is Dior's wrinkle-smoothing skincare collection that preserves and restores the density beneath each wrinkle. The soft, comfortable firming crème flawlessly smooths the delicate eye area.
Capture XP is Dior's wrinkle-smoothing skincare collection that preserves and restores the density beneath each wrinkle. The unique Dior HYALU-STEMTM ingredient complex works both in the epidermis, to revitalize the potential of youth preserving cells to plump the skin and rebuild lost density, and in the dermis, to promote synthesis of hyaluronic acid. Wrinkles are immediately smoothed and are intensely reduced after one month. Capture XP Ultimate Wrinkle Correction Night Crème is a velvety cream that wraps the skin in ultimate softness, the ideal complement to the concentrate for offering the skin maximum filling and repair power.
Get swept away this spring with Dior Backstage brushes. Go behind the scenes backstage at the biggest fashion shows and you'll find makeup artists using Dior's professional quality brushes.
How to use: Apply the blush on the cheeks, remove excess blush from brush and swirl brush gently around on cheeks to take the edge off the color and softly blend.
The solution to a flawless complexion. This small, tapered brush precisely applies and perfectly blends your concealer to smooth out and conceal imperfections. The brush has a silver handle and is decorated in white Dior Logomania. Made from the finest, softest of brush hairs, this is the perfect essential for any beauty maven!
A long-wearing eyeliner that's not afraid of water! Glides on a perfect line with mistake-proof ease. Plus features: a blending brush-tip and a sharpener.
This kohl pencil is formulated with a super-smooth texture to dramatize the eye and highlight the color of the iris. Its easy-glide formula allows for maximum comfort and outstanding staying power, while its integrated sharpener makes it a practical beauty essential. Beauty tip: Apply along the inside of the lid for greatest intensity.
Dior Crème de Rose Smoothing Plumping Lip Balm is a Lip Balm that retails for $27.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Dior Addict is a Lipgloss that retails for $28.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior sets the art of self-tanning in Bronze. Just in time for summer, DiorBronze takes self-tanning to the next level of natural, undetectable perfection with an exclusive 'pH Bronze Perfect' complex. An amazing breakthrough that identifies your skin type's pH balance and works with it effortlessly to develop a glowing tan, more even, long-lasting and perfect than nature. DiorBronze Natural Glow is a gel-emulsion customized with the perfect amount of tint for controlled radiance that always looks natural.
Just in time for summer, DiorBronze takes self-tanning to the next level of natural, undetectable perfection with an exclusive 'pH Bronze Perfect' complex. An amazing breakthrough that identifies your skin type's pH balance and works with it effortlessly to develop a glowing tan more even, long-lasting and perfect than nature. DiorBronze Natural Glow is a gel-emulsion customized with the perfect amount of tint for controlled radiance that always looks natural.
Prolong wear and emphasize the look of any lipstick with this versatile lip liner. It compliments all complexions and works under any shade of lipstick or gloss to define lips.
The new men's fragrance by Dior reinvents masculine luxury with classic yet clearly modern elegance. A unique powdery scent, built around masculine iris, with notes of lavender, amber, vetiver, and leather. Notes: Lavender, Sage, Cardamom, Iris, Cocoa Bean, Amber, Vetiver, Patchouli, Leather.
A road. A man. A car. A fragrance. Dior for men celebrates the courage, daring, and intensity of the world's most exciting sport—the passion, excitement, and speed of cars and racing with a fresh, spicy, woody new scent for men. Dior Homme Sport bursts with vigor and vitality with citron and cedarwood accords plus, at its heart, a signature new ginger accord, energizing, masculine, and powerful. Made for the man who lives boldly, freely, intensely, without breaks, every minute of the day. Notes: Citron, Cedarwood Accord, Ginger Accord.
Dior Dior Prestige Essence Initiale is a Moisturizer.
Dior Dior Prestige Replenishing Oil-Serum is a Serum.
Dior Dior Prestige Rich Restorative Crème is a Moisturizer.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Brightening Floral Peeling is a Face.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Brightening Lotion is a Moisturizer.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Brightening UV Base Blemish Balm SPF 50 is a Sunscreen.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Brightening UV Base SPF 50 is a Sunscreen.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Clarifying Foam is a Face.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Cleansing Crème is a Face.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Firming Night Crème is a Moisturizer.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Revitalising Firming Mask is a Face.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Revitalizing Crème is a Moisturizer.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Revitalizing Eye Crème is a Eyes.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Revitalizing Lotion is a Moisturizer.
Dior Dior Prestige Satin Revitalizing Nectar is a Serum.
Adorn your cheeks in color and light! Dior presents the first blush that plays on color intensity and a variety of finishes to create a natural, healthy glow with a subtle sparkle. A matte finish enhances the natural skin tone, while a pearly finish highlights the planes of the face. Silky and lightly scented, this couture blush comes in a wide range of colors to suit all skin tones.
Dior Diorella is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Dioressence is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Diorific, the legendary accessory for lips with an Haute Couture finish, leads the Grand Bal dance, holding the signature of Dior glamour and elegance in its new extravagant & jewel-like gold case. It contains rich shades with a luminous and long-lasting matte finish, and a unique texture for perfectly outlined and coated lips, offering a captivating and sophisticated look.
Diorific, the legendary accessory for lips with an Haute Couture finish, leads the Grand Bal dance, holding the signature of Dior glamour and elegance in its new extravagant & jewel-like gold case. It contains rich shades with a luminous and long-lasting matte finish, and a unique texture for perfectly outlined and coated lips, offering a captivating and sophisticated look.
Introduced in 1956, the Diorissimo fragrance is heavily based on lily of the valley, Christian Dior's lucky flower, as well as notes of yiang-yiang, amaryllis, boronia and jasmine. Timeless, truly feminine. Made in France. 
This liquid liner flows on easily with its precision-perfect brush tip. Draws a smooth, even line every time.
Diorling is a chypre full of spirit, just the way Christian Dior liked perfumes to be. Today, Francois Demachy, Perfumer-Creator for Dior pays homage to this great classic, first launched in 1963, with a new fragrance that highlights the freshness of Bergamot and the delicacy of a floral Jasmine accord, combined with the sensuality of Patchouli & Leather notes. 
A nail care product as well as a fast-acting polish, Diorlisse is formulated to create an exceptionally smooth surface and erase imperfections. Leaves nails flawless and strengthened.
This mascara delivers perfectly plush, glam lashes with an innovative XXL brush for show-stopping volume. Its creamy, buildable, customizable formula allows you to achieve the same dramatic lash volume that can be seen on the Dior runway for a glamorous, false-lash effect. 
Introducing the first versatile spinning mascara that delivers volume, length and curl! The ultimate professional mascara that mimics a makeup artist's application technique for a perfect 360° lash-styling effect.
The silver ring allows you to switch the direction of the brush rotation so you can adapt to every application need—left- or right-handed, upper or lower lashes!
An intense professional felt-tip eyeliner with a long-lasting, rinsable formula. The high-precision felt tip applicator allows you to dress the eyes with a flawless and stunning graphic black line. Available in Black. Made in France
Diorshow Black Out Mascara gives your lashes a little more oomph and a lot more drama. Intensified by ultra-black, kohl pigments, the formula glides on smoothly and draws each lash out to show-stopping lengths. Wear it alone, or layer it over Diorshow to glamour-eyes in an instant!
Diorshow Black Out Mascara gives your lashes a little more oomph and a lot more drama. Intensified by ultra-black, kohl pigments, the formula glides on smoothly and draws each lash out to show-stopping lengths. Wear it alone, or layer it over Diorshow to glamour-eyes in an instant!
Dior Diorshow Brow Styler is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Diorshow Extase provides built-in treatment benefits and high-impact lashes in a single stroke! The spherical-shaped Black Pearl Pigments create a 3D volume effect and the exclusive Metamorphosis Powders expand in size by up to 50% after application. Also, SR38 Patented Ceramid brings additional care, reconstructing damaged lashes and promoting stronger- and fuller-looking lashes.

This lash curler can be used on bare lashes to prep for mascara application, or after mascara is applied to thin the mascara formula and perfectly coat every lash for even application. The results: enhanced lash curve and perfect, long-lasting hold. 
To easily reproduce the ultragraphic catwalk eyes, Diorshow Liner Waterproof offers an exceptional glide and a perfect, long-lasting line. The collection includes a range of vibrant colors for high-intensity looks.
Dior's first lash primer that combs, curls, and coats each lash to create a smooth, even mascara base, while acting as a nourishing serum treatment that promotes long-term lash growth, strength, and vitality.
Dior Diorshow Mono Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 25 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Diorshow New Look features an exclusive breakthrough nana-brush to catch and coat every last lash with the precision of a couturier’s hand, while the extraordinary formula delivers Lash Amplifier™ ingredient for instant lash-multiplying action.
Dior's cult-fave mascara formulated with an ultra-stretch texture that provides unsurpassed, backstage results.What it is formulated to do:Lengthens and curves as it adds suppleness and staying power. The double-side brush provides professional application.
The ultra-glamorous catwalk eye makeup that lengthens, thickens, and curves lashes to the nth degree - now in a waterproof version that holds its own when you swim, splash, or even shed a few tears.
Nude Glow Sun Powder is a new core bronzer delivered in a sleek, silver cannage compact, accompanied by a mini kabuki brush. It warms up the skin and creates a natural, sun-kissed glow. Featuring new Mineral Prism technology, energizing water and a light transparent formula, Nude Glow creates an energized, glowing complexion.
This Spring Dior introduces Diorskin Shimmer Star, a light-filled pressed powder enriched with Jeweled Microdust™. These five micro-shimmering tones set off sparks of brilliance, highlighting your complexion. The ultra-fine, super-blendable formula virtually fuses with your skin for a sheer, radiant luminosity.
Dior Diorsnow Anti-Spot Repairing Crème is a Moisturizer.
A fresh and lightweight creme that leaves skin supple and soft offering 24 hours hydration and a spectacular plumping effect. It contains TECTM, Dior's exclusive brightening complex, that promotes skin brightness by perfecting the balance of five key features of the skin: flawless complexion, luminosity, moisture, refined texture and plumpness. By focusing on the key features, the skin is free of dark spots and naturally glows with radiance. Diorsnow is now also enriched with Icelandic Glacialâ„¢ water, one of the purest waters on earth. The water counteracts the levels of acidity in the skin, boosting the brightening effect of TECTM complex. Apply daily after White Reveal D-NA Control Essence or Anti-Spot Serum.
The new Diorsnow Illuminating Eye Treatment features an exclusive, ultra-cooling, palladium-metal applicator which boosts microcirculation to brighten the eye contour. It diminishes dark shadows and reduces puffiness while providing hydration to the delicate eye contour.
It contains TECTM, Dior's exclusive brightening complex. The exclusive complex promotes skin brightness by perfecting the balance of five key features of the skin: flawless complexion, luminosity, moisture, refined texture and plumpness. By focusing on these features, the skin is free of dark spots and naturally glows with radiance. Diorsnow is also enriched with Icelandic Glacialâ„¢ water, one of the purest waters on earth. The water counteracts the levels of acidity in the skin, boosting the brightening effect of the TECTM complex.
After one month of use, 94% of women found the eye contour to be more even and luminous.
Dior Diorsnow Perfecting White Reveal Makeup UV Base SPF 35 is a Primer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Diorsnow is a clinically proven brightening treatment collection that evens the complexion, diminishes the appearance of dark spots and increases radiance. Powered by Icelandic glacial water and Dior's exclusive transparency-enhancing complex, the new formulas counteract skin acidity and target all five features of a radiant complexion (evenness, luminosity, moisture, texture and plumpness) for even faster and more effective brightening results. Immediately skin is illuminated with a flawless, even radiance that is intensified day after day.
Diorsnow is a clinically proven brightening treatment collection that evens the complexion, diminishes the appearance of dark spots and increases radiance. Powered by Icelandic glacial water and Dior's exclusive Transparency Enhancing Complex, the new formula counteracts skin acidity and targets all five features of a radiant complexion (evenness, luminosity, moisture, texture and plumpness) for even faster and more effective brightening results. Immediately skin is illuminated with a flawless and even radiance that is intensified day after day. Lightweight fluid brightens the skin and helps regulate sebum to minimize pores, smooth and refine the skin's texture and create a perfectly matte and even complexion
Lightweight yet powerful, this moisturizing White Reveal UV Protection delivers instant comfort and leaves the skin soft and supple. Effectively protected throughout the day, even under the most extreme conditions, skin reveals an ultimate transparency.
Translucent for a flawless natural finish.

A creamy and silky foaming cleanser that gently removes all traces of makeup and impurities. Gently purifies the skin, leaving it visibly brightened, feeling fresh, soft and supple. It is formulated with TECTM, Dior's exclusive brightening complex. The exclusive complex promotes skin brightness by perfecting the balance of five key features of the skin: flawless complexion, luminosity, moisture, refined texture and plumpness. By focusing on these features, the skin is free of dark spots and naturally glows with radiance. Diorsnow is also enriched with Icelandic Glacialâ„¢ water, one of the purest waters on earth. The water counteracts the levels of acidity in the skin, boosting the brightening effect of TECTM complex. How to use: Morning and evening, apply to damp skin by working into a rich foamy lather. Rinse thoroughly with warm water.
New Diorsnow D-NA Control White Reveal Day Essence corrects and prevents over-production of melanin, illuminating and firming the skin to reveal a radiant complexion. It also delivers the highest concentration of TECTM, Dior's exclusive brightening complex. The exclusive complex promotes skin brightness by perfecting the balance of five key features of the skin: flawless complexion, luminosity, moisture, refined texture and plumpness. By focusing on the key features, the skin is free of dark spots and naturally glows with radiance.
Diorsnow is now also enriched with Icelandic Glacialâ„¢ water, one of the purest waters on earth. The water counteracts the levels of acidity in the skin, boosting the brightening effect of TECTM complex. After one month of use, skin is 32% more even, toned and dark spots are 26% less visible.
A genuine transparency accelerator…
Dior presents a brand new technology and texture: applied for 10 minutes, this mask, infused with Icelandic GlacialTM Water and T.E.C.TM lowers skin temperature by 4°C1 and instantly reduces melanin production2.
Used once a week, this gel mask guarantees instant skin brightening and a visible acceleration of skin transparency resultats thanks to the boosted effectivement of all other active brightening ingredients on the 5 features of skin transparency : global transparency is boosted by 7,4% after 1 month3.
1 Measurement of the immediate freshing effect, n=10
2 In vitro test
3 In vivo, dermatologist, n=22+22, t=1month, application of D-NA Control Day Essence + Diorsnow White
Reveal Extreme Cooling Gel Mask vs. D-NA Control Day Essence alone.

Diorsnow is a clinically proven brightening treatment collection that evens the complexion, diminishes the appearance of dark spots and increases radiance. Powered by Icelandic glacial water and Dior's exclusive transparency-enhancing complex, the new formulas counteract skin acidity and target all five features of a radiant complexion (evenness, luminosity, moisture, texture and plumpness) for even faster and more effective brightening results. Immediately skin is illuminated with a flawless, even radiance that is intensified day after day.
The clay-based formula helps this mask provide deep purification for the skin and promote microcirculation.
The entire Diorsnow range has been tested for Asian skin by dermatologists.
Instantly safeguards and hydrates skin. Skin is soft and supple and the complexion flawless and even. It contains UV Tri-dimensional shield technology, delivering the highest UVA and UVB protection while protecting skin from adverse effects of increases in temperature and fluctuations in humidity.
A gentle, moisturizing solution for removing nail polish while avoiding irritation and whiteness.
Dolce Vita, the fragrance of happiness recalls the carefree, heart-lifting nostalgia of driving a convertible along the Italian Riviera. A dazzlingly feminine and joyful fruity/floral fragrance with spicy, sensual undertones of cedar, it incarnates the spirit of Dior in all its sumptuousness.
OLFACTORY NOTES

An oceanic fragrance, created in harmony with nature, this radiant, fresh and subtle accord captures the landscape where the sky meets the sea in a warm, oceanic floral bouquet. Enveloping, serene and sensual.
Lucid and willful, Eau Sauvage is the perfume of the cult of elegance, refinement, and good humor. With the zest of citrus fruits for freshness, an invigorating bouquet of herbs, a hint of jasmine and vetiver for the sensual touch, and oakmoss to conquer and seduce, it will remain a fresh, discreet classic. Notes: Lemon, Rosemary, Petit Grain, Basil, Water Jasmine, Vetiver
Dior fragrances are sailing for Brazil. A charming seaside city, Parati embodies the dream destination of the new Escale de Dior composed by François Demachy, the House's Perfumer-Creator.
For Escale à Parati, François Demachy has selected a Petitgrain from Paraguay that is echoed by Brazilian Mint.
The heart note, Brazilian Rosewood, offers an astonishing freshness.
At the base, soft and smooth Venezuelan Tonka Bean gives the fragrance its distinctive milky almond note.
Escale à Parati thus presents a delicately woody hesperidia freshness.
The new Escale de Dior, Parati, a breath of Paradise
OLFACTORY NOTES

Escape to the spectacular with Escale a Pondichery. An elegant combination of ingredients takes you away to the exotic location of India. A fresh, sensual and spicy scent with sophisticated top notes of Cardamom Essence and Jasmine Sambac, warm middle notes of Black Tea Extract, and base notes of Sandalwood Essence.
Dior invites you on a wonderful getaway to the tropical islands of French Polynesia. Escale aux Marquises is vibrant with a delicate freshness that is created from hand selected ingredients native to these islands. It is an exotic blend of fruits, flowers, and spices. The fragrance has luminous notes of Blood Orange Essence, Tahitian Tiare Flower Absolute, Vanilla Absolute and Pink Pepper Extract.
Dior sweeps your senses away to the sunny Mediterranean. A lush combination of Dior's most delicious notes, the fruits and flowers of Italy and the spirit of golden Portofino. A glorious experience with sparkling top notes of Calabrian Bergamot and Italian Citron, tempting middle notes of Mediterranean almond and fresh base notes of orange blossom.
OLFACTORY NOTES

Get swept away this spring with Dior Backstage brushes. Go behind the scenes backstage at the biggest fashion shows and you'll find makeup artists using Dior's professional quality brushes. How to use: For underlining the eye with precision. Helps to easily place eyeshadow and kohl pencil along the upper and lower lashline. For a smoky-eyed look, apply a dark eyeshadow with the eyeliner brush, stretching the line on the eyelid. Also useful for blending eye pencil along the upper and lower lashline.
A resolutely contemporary fragrance characterized by a meeting of extremes. Fresh, elegant notes blend in perfect harmony with bolder, more virile overtones to create a scent that is warm, subtle, and distinguished. Notes: Bergamot, Hawthorne, Honeysuckle, Nutmeg, Sandalwood, Violet, Cedar, Tonka Bean, Patchouli.
A resolutely contemporary fragrance characterized by a meeting of extremes. Fresh, elegant notes blend in perfect harmony with bolder, more virile overtones to create a scent that is warm, subtle, and distinguished. Notes: Bergamot, Hawthorne, Honeysuckle, Nutmeg, Sandalwood, Violet, Cedar, Tonka Bean, Patchouli.
A resolutely contemporary fragrance characterized by a meeting of extremes. Fresh, elegant notes blend in perfect harmony with bolder, more virile overtones to create a scent that is warm, subtle, and distinguished. Notes: Bergamot, Hawthorne, Honeysuckle, Nutmeg, Sandalwood, Violet, Cedar, Tonka Bean, Patchouli.
Dior Forever and Ever Dior is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Gentle Cleansing Milk Dry and Sensitive Skin is a Face.
Dior Gentle Foaming Cleanser is a Face.
Dior Gentle Toning Lotion is a Toner.
Higher exudes airy sensations and smooth energy.
They are pulsating, contemporary, urban fragrances.
The radiance and fluidity of the fruity accord are blended with the energy and vibrations of the spices.
Higher exudes airy sensations and smooth energy.
They are pulsating, contemporary, urban fragrances.
The radiance and fluidity of the fruity accord are blended with the energy and vibrations of the spices.
To optimize daily beauty routines and infuse the skin with an extra dose of youthful hydration, Dior creates a new hydrating essence: the quintessence of Hydra Life technology.
Ultra-fresh, fluid and invigorating, the Youth Essential Concentrated Sorbet Essence contains an ultra-concentrated version of the Hydra Life anti-aging cocktail. This essence contains twice the amount of Jisten, Centella and Black Rose extracts as any other skincare. Its ultra-activated formula intensifies the movement of water in all of the skin’s layers* and boosts the effectiveness of subsequently applied skincare. Perfectly hydrated upon application and for 24 hours, the skin is fresher and plumper. Your skin revels in an unprecedented “sorbet” sensation, a real source of youthfulness: skin temperature drops by 3°C upon application.**
*Tested in vitro on ingredients
**Instrumental test - n = 10

The freshness of a gel and softness of a cream, specially formulated to instantly penetrate and treat the fragile eye contour area. Three ingredients from the Dior Gardens - Jisten, Centella, and Black Rose - combine for smooth and luminous skin. The Eye Creme reduces puffiness and visibly lightens dark circles to ensure rested and radiant eyes.
For optimal results, use daily in the morning and evening on the eye contour, following One Essential, the Hydra Life Pro-Youth Hydrating Serum, and the moisturizer of your choice. Apply with gentle pressure to maximize de-puffing. Suitable for all skin types.

Hydra Life Serum Sorbet is a lightweight serum that provides instant and lasting hydration, both at the skin's surface as well as deep within. The ultra-refreshing formula is two times more concentrated in Hydra Life's trio of plant extracts than the other products in the Hydra Life range for increased hydration, plumpness and antioxidant protection.
Hydra Life Serum optimizes the flow of moisture throughout the skin, boosts collagen production and strengthens the skin's defenses against free radical damage. Skin is visibly more beautiful and better able to resist the effects of stress and fatigue.
Normal to dry skin.
This rich and voluptuous moisturizer acts like a real defense against external aggressions. Its generous and creamy texture provides intense and lasting well-being. The skin is replumped, fully hydrated and revels in unrivalled comfort.
Apply morning and/or evening to face and neck.
Normal to combination skin.
This light emulsion hydrates and acts as a real defense against external aggressions. The light, fresh and melt-away texture provides well-being and softness with a light finish. The skin is fully hydrated and regains its fresh and radiant appearance
Normal to dry skin.
This onctuous creme melts away deliciously on skin and provides intense hydration and lasting comfort thanks to its creamy, generous texture. The skin is replumped and delicately nourished.
An ultra-fresh comforting texture that intensely nourishes the most dehydrated skin in a matter of minutes. The skin is instantly moisturized, supple and glowing. At the heart of the DIOR GARDENS blossoms Jisten, Centella, and Black Rose, the secret of new, intense hydration that helps to actively preserve youthfulness by diffusing moisture.
Apply to cleansed skin once or twice per week with fingertips, avoiding eye area. Leave on 5 to 10 minutes then massage the mask into the skin, allowing it to penetrate.
Perfect skin is just one step away with Hydra Life Skin Perfect, the first pore-refining moisturizer by Dior that acts from the heart of the skin’s cells* to the surface of the skin.
To optimize daily beauty routines and infuse the skin with an extra dose of youthful hydration, Dior creates a new hydrating essence: the quintessence of Hydra Life technology.
Ultra-fresh, fluid and invigorating, the Youth Essential Concentrated Sorbet Essence contains an ultra-concentrated version of the Hydra Life anti-aging cocktail. This essence contains twice the amount of Jisten, Centella and Black Rose extracts as any other skincare. Its ultra-activated formula intensifies the movement of water in all of the skin’s layers* and boosts the effectiveness of subsequently applied skincare. Perfectly hydrated upon application and for 24 hours, the skin is fresher and plumper. Your skin revels in an unprecedented “sorbet” sensation, a real source of youthfulness: skin temperature drops by 3°C upon application.**
*Tested in vitro on ingredients
**Instrumental test - n = 10

The freshness of a gel and softness of a cream, specially formulated to instantly penetrate and treat the fragile eye contour area. Three ingredients from the Dior Gardens - Jisten, Centella, and Black Rose - combine for smooth and luminous skin. The Eye Creme reduces puffiness and visibly lightens dark circles to ensure rested and radiant eyes.
For optimal results, use daily in the morning and evening on the eye contour, following One Essential, the Hydra Life Pro-Youth Hydrating Serum, and the moisturizer of your choice. Apply with gentle pressure to maximize de-puffing. Suitable for all skin types.

Dior Hydra Life Youth Essential Hydrating Essence in Base SPF 30 is a Sunscreen.
Dior Hydra Life Youth Essential Hydrating Essence in Rich Crème is a Moisturizer.
There is no need for water! You can use this with just a cotton pad to remove all makeup and impurities from the skin. Great for on-the-go or those lazy nights when you just can't make it to sink to wash your face! You've got to try it to believe how great it works!
A non-oily eye makeup remover that quickly and effectively removes all eye makeup, even the most stubborn waterproof mascaras. Leaves eye area clean and soft, and eyelashes silky and conditioned.
Dior Instant Gentle Cleansing Oil is a Face.
A gentle foaming exfoliator that deeply cleanses and gently exfoliates to reveal the skin's inner radiance. Skin texture is refined, smooth and soft.
Radiant, sensual, sophisticated, J'Adore is a fragrance that celebrates the renaissance of extreme femininity and the power of spontaneous emotion with a brilliant bouquet of orchids, the velvet touch of damascus plum and the mellowness of amarante wood.
Radiant, sensual, sophisticated, J'Adore is a fragrance that celebrates the renaissance of extreme femininity and the power of spontaneous emotion with a brilliant bouquet of orchids, the velvet touch of damascus plum and the mellowness of amarante wood.
Dior Jules is a Fragrance that retails for $58.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Use over the eyelid with your eyeshadow. The brush has a silver handle and is decorated in white Dior Logomania. Made from the finest, softest of brush hairs, this is the perfect essential for any beauty maven!
L'Or de Vie skincare, born of the exclusive partnership between Dior and the legendary vineyards of Chateau d'Yquem, combines the ultimate in luxury and science. This dense and silky cream envelops the skin with comfort by combining the best anti-aging and nourishing ingredients with the powers of L'Or de Vie. Polyphenol protects skin cells against environmental damage. Hydroin, ectoin and hydroxyectoin promote skin health and slow the aging process.
L'Or de Vie skincare, born of the exclusive partnership between Dior and the legendary vineyards of Chateau d'Yquem, combines the ultimate in luxury and science. New Eye Creme brings revitalizing power and unprecedented antioxidant protection to fight fatigue, dark circles, damage and stress. Gives the eyes a smoother, more radiant, youthful appearance.
In synergy with L'Extrait and La Creme, the powerful L'Or de Vie Eye Creme transforms your skin and protects against the forces of age and time. Polyphenol protects skin cells against environmental damage. Hydroin, ectoin and hydroxyectoin promote skin health and slow the aging process.
The rich texture of La Crème Riche deeply and lastingly nourishes the driest skin and envelops it in absolute comfort. The Dior tip: apply morning and evening to face, neck and décolleté. Glide over your face with a smoothing stroke to fully benefit from the powers of L’Or de Vie. Continue down to the neck and décolleté: your hands join together under the chin, gently gliding downwards to envelop your neck and décolleté.
Infused with Botrytis Cinerea, an extraordinary substance from the Yquem vine, the Lotion deeply hydrates, purifies and rebalances the skin. The skincare products in the L'Or de Vie ritual are optimally absorbed and distil their exceptional vital force to the heart of the skin.
Get swept away this spring with Dior Backstage brushes. Go behind the scenes backstage at the biggest fashion shows and you'll find makeup artists using Dior's professional quality brushes. How to use: Apply the eyeshadow on the eyelid with the flat face of the eye brush. Apply the eyeshadow underneath the eye, near the lashes to redefine it.
Dior Midnight Poison is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Elegant, exuberant, luscious: the Dior spirit in a modern couture fragrance. A blend of classic chic and sophistication, with a touch of irreverence, this scent has a personality all its own.
Notes: mandarin, tangerine, strawberry leaves, jasmine, violet, caramel popcorn, strawberry sorbet, patchouli, musk.
Pelline's gentle and emollient formula makes it easy to remove cuticles around the nail.
Some perfumes are born a myth. Heady, mysterious and revolutionary since its creation, Poison is Dior’s ultimate weapon of seduction. Its exceptional, exotic alchemy is created by a rich blend of spicy, fruity and amber notes warmed by honey and musk - an unsettling, charismatic and unforgettable fragrance.
Get swept away this spring with Dior Backstage brushes. Go behind the scenes backstage at the biggest fashion shows and you'll find makeup artists using Dior's professional quality brushes. For face, use the Powder Brush. It is perfect for flawless, even blending.
The Backstage Foundation collection consists of four expertly designed foundation brushes. Each brush is specially angled to offer a different level of coverage for a luxurious and flawless application and tailor-made makeup results.
Designed for applying fluid and cream foundations, the elegantly wooden handled brush has a dense, beveled head, allowing you to work with more makeup and blend it perfectly into the skin, for results that combine a natural look with perfect coverage. Skillfully tapered synthetic hairs offer the soft touch of natural hairs and polish the foundation for maximum radiance.
For use with fluid and cream foundations, this brush has innovative fibres combining synthetic responsiveness with natural softness. Both layered and sharpened, these fibres help blend the foundation for fast, easy application. The 'cat's tongue' shape of the brush head allows easy application of an ultra-fine film of foundation to the skin.
A collection of four expertly designed foundation brushes. Each brush is specially angled to offer a different level of coverage for a luxurious and flawless application and tailor-made makeup results. The light coverage powder brush features a supple, fluffy head made of natural, high-quality hair, allowing you to apply powders and powder foundations with the lightest touch possible. Its round shape holds powder and delivers the perfect amount to set makeup naturally for a sheer, natural look.
The Backstage Foundation collection consists of four expertly designed foundation brushes. Each brush is specially angled to offer a different level of coverage for a luxurious and flawless application and tailor-made makeup results.
The elegantly wooden handled brush is perfect for applying powder foundations to create full-coverage results that look natural. The dense, flat head lets you press pigments onto the skin and create a smooth surface for a perfectly even, ultra-luminous finish.
Some perfumes are born a myth. Heady, mysterious and revolutionary since its creation, Poison is Dior’s ultimate weapon of seduction. Its exceptional, exotic alchemy is created by a rich blend of spicy, fruity and amber notes warmed by honey and musk - an unsettling, charismatic and unforgettable fragrance.
Dior Purifying Cleansing Milk Normal - combination skin is a Face.
Dior Purifying Foaming Cleanser is a Face.
Dior Purifying Toning Lotion is a Toner.
Get swept away this spring with Dior Backstage brushes. Go behind the scenes backstage at the biggest fashion shows and you'll find makeup artists using Dior's professional quality brushes.
How to use: For applying lipstick and gloss precisely and uniformly, or to blend lipliner. This brush is shaped for accurate application, contouring the lip shape. Take a small quantity of lipstick with the lip brush and apply it to the inner lip, then cover the lips with a lipstick or gloss.
Dior Creamy Rose is a cool that is discontinued and retails for $25.50.
Rouge Dior is a wardrobe of 32 sublime shades directly inspired by the deep, luxurious colors of Dior Haute Couture gowns to reveal all the beauty of triumphant and radiant femininity! Instantly and day after day, this exceptional lipstick offers the lips the extreme splendor of full, smooth and perfectly defined youthfulness. The secret? A new generation of plumping hyaluronic acid microspheres. Generously coated with pigments on the lip surface, they help boost the radiance and depth of color. In a midnight blue Haute Couture case, with the canework motif dear to the brand, unveils the “Haute Couleur” stick, made even more extraordinary due to its unique shine and its engraved CD signature.
Rock Coat, the ultimate smoky topcoat. As a topcoat, its semi-transparent black formula coats varnish with a veil of smoky lacquer, extending wear and increasing shine. Your nail varnish takes on an enigmatic 'rock' look.
Imagine a new lipstick that behaves like a highlighting blush, thanks to radiant new shades and a new treatment balm formula.From the first application, lips are perfectly hydrated, plumped and smoothed, thanks to a formula containing a high concentration of active treatment ingredients. Rouge Dior Nude is available in 10, new, warm or cool, blush-effect shades that add a transparent touch of warmth or coolness to the complexion. From beige to bronze and from greyish-beige to rosewood, they echo the nude coloured silhouettes of the latest Dior shows.
Sérum de Rouge, an elixir of youth with exquisite radiance. A sublime alliance of skincare and color benefits, the serum texture literally melts into the lips. The formula has 10 times more concentrated skincare ingredients, provides moisture, volume and smoothing benefits for your lips, immediately upon application, and day after day. The palette of elegant, vivid shades instantly illuminates the lips with youthfulness. A feminine high-precision pen design for impeccable treatment and color results. Direction of use: For optimal use, turn pen with a single click to obtain the perfect look.
A pencil and brow-brush all in one. Shapes and fills in brows with soft, long-wearing color.
The secret to getting runway-ready beauty? Defining your brows! A perfect brow is the finishing touch for every look, and the Diorshow brow styler is the one must-have tool you need to define, fill and shape! With one universally flattering shade and an ultra-fine tip, it creates a naturally polished look for women of every skin tone and hair color.
Protects and sets nail enamel, increasing its staying power and shine. Beauty tip: Apply in a fine coat over dry enamel.
Dior Vernis Nail Lacquer will add a splash of luminous color to any look. The long-lasting, glossy formula goes on silky smooth and the vibrant shade adds a tantalizing touch to fingertips and toes.
Dior's best-selling eye palette offers endless possibilities in a seductive range of rich, versatile colors designed for easy application and long wear. Beauty tip: Use the oval wand to apply the lightest shade to the upper part of the inner eyelid, then blend the darkest shade along the lash line. Shade the outer brow with one of the remaining colors. For more intensity, use a fourth color under the lashes.
Dior Designer Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 40 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Bleu de Paris retails for $60.00 and contains 0.21 oz.
Dior Bleu de Paris #1 that is permanent.
Dior's best-selling eye palette offers endless possibilities in a seductive range of rich, versatile colors designed for easy application and long wear. Beauty tip: Use the oval wand to apply the lightest shade to the upper part of the inner eyelid, then blend the darkest shade along the lash line. Shade the outer brow with one of the remaining colors. For more intensity, use a fourth color under the lashes.
Drawing from Christian Dior's passion for luxuriant, tropical nature, the 2013 Summer Look is an invitation to an exotic journey through Latin America and its colors. The Nude Tan Duo provides a sun-kissed effect and maximum radiance. Two iridescent harmonies - bronzer on one side to warm up the complexion, blush on the other for a pop of color on the cheeks. The powder duo comes with a couture design brush to naturally blend the vivid, iridescent shades.
Dior DiorSkin Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior DiorSkin Powder Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior's best-selling eye palette offers endless possibilities in a seductive range of rich, versatile colors designed for easy application and long wear. Beauty tip: Use the oval wand to apply the lightest shade to the upper part of the inner eyelid, then blend the darkest shade along the lash line. Shade the outer brow with one of the remaining colors. For more intensity, use a fourth color under the lashes.
Dior's best-selling eye palette offers endless possibilities in a seductive range of rich, versatile colors designed for easy application and long wear. Beauty tip: Use the oval wand to apply the lightest shade to the upper part of the inner eyelid, then blend the darkest shade along the lash line. Shade the outer brow with one of the remaining colors. For more intensity, use a fourth color under the lashes.
Dior Blue Tie Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.19 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
All the proven repair of our #1 Serum. This silky serum-gel helps dramatically reduce the look of every key sign of aging around the fragile eye area: Fine lines Wrinkles Puffiness Dark circles Dryness Uneven skintone ENHANCED REPAIR Because skin around your eyes is about 4X thinner than anywhere else on your face, it's more vulnerable to environmental damage. It is also where you'll see the signs of aging to be the most exaggerated. Our exclusive Chronolux™ Technology helps skin optimize its natural repair processes to reduce the look of the fine lines and wrinkles that can appear first around your eyes. ENVIRONMENTAL REPAIR Neutralizes up to 90%* of environmentally generated free radicals before they can affect skin's appearance. That's key, because the damaging effects of daily UV light, smoke, pollution and even emotional stress can accelerate every key visible sign of aging. This exclusive formula with its powerful AGT Repair Technology continuously repairs the appearance of past damage caused by every one of these major assaults. Keeps the entire eye area looking fresher, more rested and revitalized. PREVENTION AND HYDRATION Creates the optimal environment to keep your eyes looking younger, healthy and radiant. Hyaluronic acid helps skin lock in moisture and strengthen its protective moisture barrier. Powerful anti-oxidants help neutralize environmentally generated free radicals before they can cause future damage. Plus, high levels of soothing anti-irritants and targeted technologies help reduce the look of dark circles, puffiness and crepiness for brighter, smoother skin around the eyes. Give your eyes a younger-looking future.
Look younger in just 5 days. Help rewind the visible signs of aging. Tested and proven: Skin looks dramatically smoother, fresher, less lined-fast. Our revolutionary Tri-HA Cell Signaling Complex™ helps skin boost its natural production of line-plumping hyaluronic acid by 182% in just 3 days.* Actively helps skin boost its natural support structure to visibly-and dramatically-reduce the look of lines and wrinkles. Women say their skin looks younger, more beautiful. You will too.
Help rewind the visible signs of aging around your eyes. This advanced eye creme is proven to help reverse the look of aging. Instantly, your eye area appears smoother and more radiant. Lines, wrinkles, crow's feet and crepiness all look reduced--and their future appearance is discouraged. Our revolutionary Tri-HA Cell Signaling Complex helps skin boost its natural support structure to dramatically reduce the look of lines and wrinkles.
Look younger in just 5 days. Help rewind the visible signs of aging. Tested and proven: Skin looks dramatically smoother, fresher, less lined-fast. Our revolutionary Tri-HA Cell Signaling Complex™ helps skin boost its natural production of line-plumping hyaluronic acid by 182% in just 3 days.* Actively helps skin boost its natural support structure to visibly-and dramatically-reduce the look of lines and wrinkles. Women say their skin looks younger, more beautiful. You will too. With our revolutionary Tri-HA Cell Signaling Complex™, this lightweight gel helps skin look dramatically less lined, more radiant-fast.
Help rewind the visible signs of aging at night. Look more beautiful every morning. This advanced night creme is proven to help reverse the look of aging. Delivers the intensive moisture your skin needs all night. Our revolutionary Tri-HA Cell Signaling Complex™ helps skin boost its natural production of line-plumping hyaluronic acid by 182% in just 3 days.* A nighttime amino acid complex helps optimize skin's natural replenishment of wrinkle-smoothing collagen.
Creamy, classic, long-wearing lipcolor. Smooth formula with satin finish gives lasting medium coverage that's comfortable to wear.
A sleek, modern compact topped with a fascinating golden sun that gleams brightly in your hand. This collectible compact opens to reveal Beautiful fragrance in long-lasting solid perfume. Wear your favorite perfume every day.
ersatile, double-ended eyelining tool with twist-up color on one side, a smudger on the other. Creamy formula creates a soft, blendable line, every time. Color tip is always perfectly shaped—never needs sharpening. Flip the tool around and use the integrated smudger to create your perfect eye look. Comes with an initial color cartridge plus one refill. Additional refills available.
Versatile, double-ended lip-lining tool with twist-up color on one side, a lip brush on the other. Creamy formula creates a soft, blendable line every time. Color tip is always perfectly shaped—never needs sharpening. Flip the tool around and use the integrated lip brush to apply your lipstick or gloss for brilliantly defined color and shine. Comes with an initial color cartridge plus one refill. Additional refills available.
Transform the ritual of bathing into an indulgent experience with the rich lathering, skin conditioning Body Cleansing Creme. Leaves skin soft and supple. Rinses off easily. Lightly scented with sultry Woods and Musks, delicate Muguet, Sicilian Bergamot and Baie Rose. To further enhance the experience, follow with the Sensuous Nude Body Veil moisturizer.
Radiant green and white floral freshness in a passionate yet elegant blend of modern and classic ingredients...the shared creation of both Aerin and Estée Lauder. The fragrance is an intensely lush green floral chypre scent, with an opulent white bouquet surrounded by delicate moss, rich woods and fifteen 100% pure natural fragrance Absolutes. Light-textured all-over moisturizing creme silkens and smooths your skin. Luxuriously perfumed with the Jasmine White Moss fragrance. A modern yet timeless jar in opal glass surrounds the Body Creme. The cap is topped with a golden plaque.
Light-textured all-over moisturizing creme silkens and smooths your skin. Luxuriously perfumed with the Tuberose Gardenia fragrance. The modern yet timeless jar in opal glass surrounds the Body Creme. The cap is topped with a golden plaque. Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Two magnificent white flowers captured in a luxurious, elegantly simple bouquet. This exquisite fragrance combines the rich essences of precious Tuberose and exotic Gardenia. It was originally created by Aerin Lauder for herself and her closest friends.
A luxurious, yet lightweight lotion that absorbs instantly, leaves skin feeling moisturized, smooth, silky...and deliciously renewed with the fresh, luminous scent of Pure White Linen. Pure White Linen The fragrance to live in all year long. A surprise of red tulips and rosebloom. Snow-white flowers, sparkling raspberry. Pure White Linen steals you away to the perfect summer day. Like a stroll in a flowering garden, it lifts your mood and renews your spirit. A modern interpretation of the classic White Linen theme, Pure White Linen offers a feeling of fresh greens and just-opened florals.
Super-luxurious sunscreen for face with SPF 30 protection. Divine Seduction for your Skin Refreshing lotion goes on silky-smooth. Seduces skin with an instant heavenly radiance. Advanced Suncare Technology SPF 30 Delivers comprehensive, broad-spectrum UVA/UVB protection. Our best UVA defense. Light Fragrance Exotic beachy scent transports you to another world.
Super-luxurious sunscreen for face with SPF 30 protection. Divine Seduction for your Skin Refreshing lotion goes on silky-smooth. Seduces skin with an instant heavenly radiance. Advanced Suncare Technology SPF 30 Delivers comprehensive, broad-spectrum UVA/UVB protection. Our best UVA defense. Light Fragrance Exotic beachy scent transports you to another world.
This lightweight lotion keeps skin perfectly hydrated, perfectly matte. The result? Skin clears. Feels softer, smoother. Looks fresh and healthy. This exclusive moisturizer improves the look and feel of oily skin in three ways: 1. Oil Control Mattes out shine instantly. Controls excess oil thanks to the gentle action of the Absorbex™ Complex, microscopic oil sponges, and advanced mattifying powders. 2. Breakouts Helps keep pores clear of oil and impurities, a main cause of breakouts, which helps discourage future blemishes. Soothes visible redness. 3. Balanced Hydration Delivers oil-free moisture to keep skin looking soft and healthy. Leaves skin looking clear, refreshed, naturally matte.
This clean, very masculine scent transcends time and place. First introduced in 1985, this elegant, sophisticated fragrance is bursting with the freshness and clarity of crisp citrus and brisk herbs. Floral accents and a rich woody complex lend depth and warmth, while oakmoss, amber and musk surround you with a confident presence.
The nature of man. This magnetic fragrance has a dynamic, masculine clarity blended with a modern sense of nature. It's ultra sensual—clear, woodsy, more vibrant than a traditional cologne.
A clean, crisp fragrance that perfectly captures the best times in life. Feel the energy. Welcome the warmth, the absolute ease. This fresh, woodsy, refreshingly masculine scent blends citrus and herbs with rich spices and rare woods. All clarified with a unique Sky Air Accord. Capture the moment.
Ultra-gentle, skin-cushioning foam cleanser that thoroughly eliminates impurities from skin without disturbing its protective moisture barrier. Helps awaken skin's youthful glow. Skin looks incredibly clean, fresh and clear.
Deep down hydration and extra comfort in a luscious, skin-nourishing creme. Helps rebuild skin's moisture barrier. Absorbs easily so skin feels smoother, supple, looks flawless and luminous.
It's the most important thing you'll put on today. An advanced moisturizer to defend against signs of premature aging-and diminish their appearance. Now with the most effective anti-oxidant power ever.* DayWear helps defend skin with advanced broad-spectrum sunscreen. Visibly reduces the first signs of aging, like dullness and fine, dry lines. In fact, 96% of women said their skin felt smoother, fresher and healthier instantly.** Wear DayWear and feel confident in your beautiful skin.
It's the most important thing you'll put on today. An advanced, oil-free moisturizer to defend against signs of premature aging-and diminish their appearance. With the most effective anti-oxidant power ever.* DayWear helps defend skin with advanced broad-spectrum sunscreen. Visibly reduces the first signs of aging, like dullness and fine, dry lines. Wear DayWear and feel confident in your beautiful skin.
It's the most important thing you'll put on today. An advanced moisturizer to defend against signs of premature aging-and diminish their appearance. Now with the most effective anti-oxidant power ever.* DayWear helps defend skin with advanced broad-spectrum sunscreen. Visibly reduces the first signs of aging, like dullness and fine, dry lines. In fact, 96% of women said their skin felt smoother, fresher and healthier instantly.**
Estee Lauder Double Wear Eye Pencil is a Eyeliner that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
0 eye-opening shades in one dual-ended pencil. Long-wearing eye pencil lines and defines with smooth, even color that looks fresh all day. Wears for 12 hours. Sets in seconds. Lightweight, creamy formula glides on effortlessly.
This 12-hour wear eye pencil sets in seconds, lining and defining eyes with smooth and even color that stays fresh-looking all day. Waterproof and lightweight, it glides on seamlessly, providing rich, stay-true color that does not bleed or feather. The double-ended eye pencil features a smudger on one end and color on the other—and it sharpens easily so you can apply foolproof color whenever you want it.
Keeps your eyecolor in place with 15-hour staying power. Extends the wear of powder eyeshadow and keeps it smooth and crease-free. Suitable for all complexions.
Silky smooth color that lasts all day-up to 12 hours. Gel-based formula creates a precise line every time with a soft satin finish. For a smudged effect, blend before it sets.
Double up on color that outstays and outshines your day. Luscious, Long-Wear Wears up to 12 hours-lasts comfortably through meals, drinks, busy days. Luscious shades won't kiss off, rub off or fade out. Your lips will love it. Dual-Ended, Twice as Nice One side saturates your lips with stay-on, stay-true color. The other side slicks on shine in one of three fabulous finishes: prism topcoat for super shine with a sheer, opalescent effect. pearl shimmer topcoat for intense shine with subtle pearl highlights. clear gloss topcoat for classic, intense shine. Enjoy the stay. Love the shine.
Glides on effortlessly for precise definition with 12-hour staying power. Lightweight, creamy color helps extend the wear of lipstick without feathering or bleeding. Flip the pencil around and use the integrated lip brush to apply your lipstick or gloss for brilliantly defined color and shine.
With 12-hour staying power, the color you love is here to stay. All-day silky. All-day comfortable. All-day gorgeous. Rich, stay-in-place color is creamy and smooth, with a satin shine. Apply once and don't think twice about it. Removes easily with Take It Away makeup remover.
5-hour staying power. Lashes that last. Zero smudge. Extreme wear. Extraordinary length. Unstoppable power-now the smudge-free lash look you see in the morning is the look you keep all day. THE LOOK Long, smudge-free lashes, expertly separated. THE BRUSH Lash-Xtender™* Brush elongates, separates and surrounds each lash in glossy, intensified color. THE BRISTLES Micro-fiber bristles go deep into lash bed to comb and detangle lashes for super separation from root to tip. Lashes channel through the brush's saturated core for a rich coating of pigment. THE FORMULA Smudge-Shield™* formula with innovative polymers locks in the mascara to keep it on lashes and off you. Resists high temperatures, high humidity and perspiration. THE WEAR Lasts 15-hours-without smudging, flaking or wearing away. Warm water and cleanser unlocks the formula and removes every last trace. (Eye makeup remover works too.)
For an ultra defined line and 15-hour staying power. With this unstoppable liquid eyeliner, the smudge-free look you see in the morning is the look you keep all day. Superfine felt tip applicator gives you a precision line every time. Waterproof formula glides on, stays on, won't budge. Removes easily with Gentle Eye Makeup Remover or any oil-based eye makeup remover.
The fragrance that celebrates the joy of romantic love. Lush Magnolia Blossom, rich White Jasmine, Mango Mist, Heliotrope and Vetiver release an emotional rush like the feeling of new love.
A sheer blush of flowers. Beautiful Sheer is lighthearted, radiant, romantic. Deliciously blending bright floral notes and a sheer woody accord, this inspired scent feels light, airy and modern.
Enjoy life's simple pleasures. Fresh Violet Flower and vibrant Pink Peony sparkle in a field of colorful petals and luscious fruits. Breathe in a refreshing burst of sparkling, mouth-watering Pink Grapefruit and ripe, luscious Raspberry, all with an uplifting yet modern feel. Revel in the sumptuous harmony of elegant Rose and intoxicating Jasmine. Spicy Green Lily and juicy Lychee add a crisp vibrancy to a playfully feminine heart. A touch of Patchouli brings warm femininity while creamy Vanilla, and soft Musk create a sensation of enveloping comfort and lingering bliss.
Life is sweet. Treat yourself to a playful side of pleasures that's simply irresistible. This floral confection blends notes of juicy Pomegranate, whipped Strawberry Meringue and tempting Caramel with a sprinkling of Sugared Rose Petals, dewy Freesia, White Peony and Fresh Greens.
So delectable. Let this tropical delight tempt you with its sparkling blend of exotic fruits and flowers shimmering in the air around you. It's a seductive fusion of Mango Passion Fruit Cocktail, juicy Citrus Fruits and watery Lychee combined with Island Bamboo Flowers, Orangeblossom and dewy Bougainvillea Vine.
An intensely feminine celebration of nature, with a sensual, seductive side. Retaining the radiant clarity of the original, this exciting scent is a deeper, richer sister to classic Estée Lauder pleasures. Embrace the velvety, voluptuous bouquet.
The richness of Amber and Ylang Ylang combined with the luxurious depth of Sandalwood and Vanilla. The second fragrance in Aerin Lauder's Private Collection. Warm and inviting. Luminous and intimate. The Eau de Parfum Spray cap is a work of art with a hammered gold texture, inspired by a necklace Aerin Lauder inherited from her grandmother, Estée Lauder.
Vibrant and fresh. Wet Citrus notes of luscious Bergamot, Orange Zest and White Grapefruit combine with Darjeeling Tea, colorful florals and sheer woods. Let it linger in your senses for hours.
A modern new definition of sensuality. Confident and elegant. A rich core of Molten Woods and Amber, surrounded by atmospheric florals, warmed by a hint of Pepper and a touch of Honey. Estée Lauder Sensuous. Every woman wears it her way.
Sensuous after dark. The ultimate in sensuality. Feminine. Intensely rich. Mysteriously seductive. A deep heart of Molten Woods, Creme Noir and Patchouli, surrounded by rich florals including Spiced Lily, Purple Rose and other night-blooming florals. Like the soft seductive curves of a feminine silhouette, Estée Lauder Sensuous Noir embodies the warm, fluid sensuality of the woman who wears it.
Enter a world of opulence and richness beyond compare. A magnificent blend of precious agar wood, an ultra-smooth cedarwood SFE accord (ours exclusively), a fusion of natural Rose extracts warmed by Essences of Patchouli and more. Elegant, mysterious, lavish.
Versatile, multi-shimmer, multi-tone powder instantly creates a sweep of overall radiance. Blend shades together for sheer luminosity. Or use them individually for more intense color application. Silky soft and smooth, it blends effortlessly for a naturally radiant finish.
Color so creamy, it seduces every curve of your lips. Love Your Lips You know this is an extraordinary lipstick from the moment it touches your lips. Full-coverage color has true character and depth. Finish is lustrous for a smooth, sophisticated shine. Rich, hydrating formula feels light and comfortable. Hours of moisture. Hours of wear.
Blend like a pro. Long, tapered brush expertly blends and softens shadow from outside to inside corner. Gives you a seamless, polished look.
Angled brush sweeps on powder eyeshadow for all-over base application plus definition on the outer lid and crease.
Line and define with precision. Angled tip makes applying brow powder and liquid or gel eyeliner a breeze. See an even line every time.
Provides precise color application for cheeks. Full, round shape is expertly designed to deposit color smoothly and evenly on smaller areas of the face. Apply color to cheekbones, sweeping the brush from the middle of the ear towards the tip of the nose. Lightly swirl any remaining blush on the apples of your cheeks.
Small, tapered brush designed to precisely apply and easily blend concealer. Expertly covers undereye circles and other flaws. Use brush tip to pat concealer into desired area until it melts into skin. For best results, apply concealer over foundation. Make sure to blend edges for a seamless look.
The ultimate foundation brush for a flawless finish every time. Provides smooth, even application. Special design makes blending easy and gives you a natural, seamless look. Perfect for use with liquid or cream foundation. To apply liquid foundation: Pour a small amount onto the back of your hand. Sweep brush across foundation and apply to face with downward strokes until the look is even and seamless.
For all-over face application and blending. Special shape lightly sweeps over contours and angles for a sheer, flawless finish. Perfect for any loose, pressed, shimmer or bronzer powder. Apply powder in a downward sweeping motion and blend.
Buff to perfection. Essential for any powder foundation, this brush is engineered to provide fuller coverage and a more polished look than the Powder Brush. Ideal for use with Double Wear Mineral Rich Loose Powder Makeup SPF12 and Double Wear Powder Makeup.
This gentle, lightweight formula works quickly and gently to remove powder eyeshadow and other eye makeup. Sweeps away without leaving any oily residue—so you can reapply eye makeup immediately after use. Oil-free formula won't damage delicate skin.
Now, feel the instant rush of moisture...and resist the look of aging. It's a fact: moisture is one of skin's key defenses against signs of aging that appear too soon. That's why everything about Hydrationist works to keep your skin looking younger. Clinical testing proved that 100% of women who used it experienced a dramatic moisture boost, instantly and throughout the day. Over time, skin's moisture barrier is strengthened by 50%* with our exclusive Sustainable Moisture Complex™-so with continued use you'll see younger and healthier-looking skin, year after year.
Now see brighter, more rested-looking eyes instantly. With every cool touch of this first-ever, specially contoured ceramic-tip applicator, help reduce the look of: dark circles puffiness shadows fine lines Instantly, eyes look brighter and refreshed. In just 2 weeks, 90% of women saw a reduction in the look of dark circles and puffiness. Use it every day and your entire eye area looks more than a shade lighter. The highly concentrated Dark Circle Correcting Complex targets the underlying causes of darkness and puffiness for dramatic brightening and de-puffing. Triple-Optic Technology instantly makes dark circles appear lighter. Proven gentle and effective for all ethnicities, all skintones. Comes in 2 shades.
This fast-acting serum delivers our most dramatic skin resurfacing benefits-more efficiently than ever before. With Idealist, your skin looks and feels like your ideal skin: Virtually poreless. Pores appear 1/3 smaller-instantly. See a 69% reduction in the look of pores in just 4 weeks. Unbelievably soft and smooth. Repairs the look of uneven skin texture, flakiness and roughness. Smooth it on and instantly enjoy that soft, seamless, silky feeling you love. Incredibly clear and even-toned. See more clarity and luminosity. Gives skin an overall more even tone.
Prime for perfection. Discover the power of a primer with this targeted formula that adds instant brightness and radiance so makeup looks smooth, fresh, flawless. Soft-reflection optics minimize the look of pores and flaws to create an even, supple canvas. Special hydrators and skin-soothing Vitamin E, Rice Bran Extract and Shea Butter nourish and perfect. Ideal for Normal/Combination and Dry Skin.
Maximizes your lash look: Doubles lash volume. Curls and sets lashes. Boosts the special effects of mascara and extends its wear. Acts like a magnet to attract and hold mascara, so less is needed. Stays in place, providing the perfect beginning for magnificent lashes. Conditions to help prevent breakage. For best results, apply one coat of Lash Primer Plus, then immediately apply your mascara while the primer is still wet.
Your lips will love the ease and smooth precision of this essential brush. Comes with a golden cap. Use with either lipstick or lip gloss. Line, define and let your lips shine. Gently dab brush over lipstick (or gloss) and apply by starting at center and working out toward lipline.
A soothing moisture treat for your lips. Lip-Caring Formula Hydrates, smooths, comforts lips Vitamins C and E Shea Butter and other naturally derived moisturizers
Up to 300% thicker lashes-expands lashes to their fullest volume for an incredible lash look, superfast. Intensified color concentration for deeper, richer, supercharged color that's 30% more intense. THE LOOK Dramatic lashes with extreme volume-in an instant. THE BRUSH Speed-Meter Brush™* with uniquely spaced bristles creates a reservoir that holds more formula. THE SHAPE Tapered triangular brush delivers volume instantly to each lash. THE BRISTLES Hollow-fiber bristles deposit the perfect amount of formula for quick, one-stroke thickening. THE FORMULA Expandex™* lofting complex wraps lashes in a rich, lightweight gel that expands lashes up to 300% thicker. Unique moisturizing complex forms a protective barrier that helps prevent breakage. Won't flake, smudge or clump.
This professional cleanser gently and thoroughly cleans, sanitizes and conditions makeup brushes—both natural and synthetic.
Prime for perfection. Discover the power of a primer with this targeted formula that controls oil and reduces shine so makeup looks smooth, even, flawless. Soft-vision optics minimize the look of pores and flaws to create an even canvas. Skin-calming Green Tea and Vitamin E rebalance and perfect. Oil-free. Ideal for Normal/Combination and Oily Skin.
For more defined, more conditioned, more beautiful lashes. Why settle for less, when you can have more? THE LOOK Beautiful silky lashes, defined and conditioned. Defines each lash from end to end with a continuous stroke of color. THE BRUSH Patented brush provides precise, smooth and even application. Each lash is groomed, shaped and defined. THE BRISTLES Hollow-fiber bristles comb and separate lashes easily, without pulling or tugging. THE FORMULA Boosts lashes with in-depth moisture that binds to each one and keeps it silky. Microscopic beads help prevent friction, so mascara glides on with ease for smooth, even coverage. THE COLOR Advanced pigment technology creates the blackest shades possible Light is absorbed, reflections reduced, color is visibly intensified.
From the Nutritious collection, exclusively at Nordstrom. Wash away the surface impurities that can hold your beauty back. Use it two ways: In the morning, it works as a gentle, neutralizing foam cleanser. At night, let it work for 5 minutes as a purifying mask to help rid skin of the day's impurities. The Nutritious collection: Neutralize. Purify. Infuse. Enjoy the energized look of radiant health, thanks to the power of pomegranate and more. Love your skin. Love your life. Be radiant.
Revive and refresh your skin every morning for the look of radiant health instantly-and over time. Advanced skin-drenchers and essential minerals help protect skin from daytime dehydration and environmental irritants. Daily energizers amplify skin's natural ability to look healthy, awake, alive. Lightweight formula delivers balanced moisture, absorbing quickly, leaving skin fresh, soft, satisfied.
From the Nutritious collection, exclusively at Nordstrom. Restore moisture and vitality where you need it most: around your eyes. Refreshing gel instantly hydrates and delivers a revitalizing cocktail of nutrients. Brings out a bright, healthy, rested look. Eases signs of puffiness and dark circles. The Nutritious Collection: Neutralize. Purify. Infuse. Enjoy the energized look of radiant health, thanks to the power of pomegranate and more. Love your skin. Love your life. Be radiant.
Recharge and renew your skin for a radiant, energized look every day. Pure Pomegranate Extract plus essential minerals and nutrients nourish and balance skin to help protect against environmental irritants. Luscious creme formula delivers instant hydration that lasts all day and helps strengthen skin's moisture barrier. Daily energizers amplify skin's natural ability to look healthy, awake and alive.
Multi-sharpening tool fits all Estée Lauder lip and eye pencils. Precision sharpener catches shavings for easy disposal. Different size openings fit any pencil-just a quick twist and your pencil is perfectly sharp. To open, lift top logo'ed panel first, then remove black sharpening cartridge if necessary. Use included tool to clean out stubborn shavings.
This revitalizing toning lotion conditions and rebalances skin, leaving it feeling fresh, smooth. Primes skin to achieve maximum results from the skincare that follows. BALANCE FOR NORMAL/COMBINATION SKIN Lightly hydrates and conditions as it cleanses. Gently manages oily zones while soothing dry areas. Leaves skin feeling renewed, comfortable, healthy.
Refreshingly light, milky, non-foaming lotion lifts away impurities. Rinses away or tissues off to leave skin soft, clean, comfortable. BALANCE FOR NORMAL/COMBINATION SKIN Lightly hydrates and conditions as it cleanses. Gently manages oily zones while soothing dry areas. Leaves skin feeling renewed, comfortable, healthy.
BALANCE FOR NORMAL/COMBINATION SKIN Lightly hydrates and conditions as it cleanses. Gently manages oily zones while soothing dry areas. Leaves skin feeling renewed, comfortable, healthy.
Fresh, radiant color lasts all day, won't streak or fade. Ultra-silky powder sweeps on sheer for a natural glow. Builds for contoured and sculpted definition with luminous optic technology. Exclusive contouring brush included. In two finishes, Satin and Shimmer.
Color so incredible, it leaves your lips wanting more. True Vision™ technology takes ordinary color and makes it extraordinary. In a seductive spectrum of sheer, brilliant shades, from sublime to vivid. TRUE VISION™ COLOR Maximized color impact Magnified vibrancy, clarity and dimension Amplified brilliance All in a sheer formula.
Eyeshadow that makes eyes come alive. True Vision™ technology transforms ordinary color and makes it extraordinary. Smoky shades are smouldering, bright shades are brilliant, light shades now light filled. Your eyes are ultra expressive. Prepare to make an impression. TRUE VISION™ COLOR Maximized color impact Magnified vibrancy, clarity and dimension Amplified brilliance HIGH VISIBILITY FINISHES Each Pure Color EyeShadow shade comes in one of four distinct finishes: Matte: rich, velvety suede Satin: soft, lustrous sheen Shimmer: prismatic-pearl shimmer Metallic: sparkling, glittering metallic HIGH PERFORMANCE WEAR Color adheres velvety smooth, without creasing. Blends easily. Long-wearing. Stays color true. Won't fade.
A Pure Color Cyber Eyes exclusive by Tom Pecheux. Creates cyber metallic smoky effects. Color so metallic, it's futuristic. A first-ever techno tri-blend formula that's gel, powder and liquid in one. Versatile and multi dimensional. Create several looks from one shade. Apply it dry for a smooth, molten metal finish. Use it wet for a hyper cyber effect to intensify the color and metallic shine. Innovative soft-touch shadow texture and sponge-tip applicator make it easy to sweep up color and apply with one stroke. Unique formula allows you to build the fantasy to the highest chromatic shine. Sophisticated metallic finish looks beautiful on all skintones. TRUE VISION™ COLOR Maximized color impact. Magnified vibrancy, clarity and dimension. Amplified brilliance. HIGH PERFORMANCE WEAR Color adheres velvety smooth, without creasing. Blends easily. Long-lasting. Stays color true. Won't fade.
Lip Gloss with the power to light up your face. True Vision™ technology transforms ordinary color and makes it extraordinary. Imagine what it will do for your lips. In a wide range of wearable shades with lasting shine for a lasting impression. You'll want them all. TRUE VISION™ COLOR Maximized color impact Magnified vibrancy, clarity and dimension Amplified brilliance HIGH IMPACT FINISHES Each Pure Color Gloss shade comes in one of three distinct, multi-dimensional finishes: Mirror Shine Luminous Shimmer Dimensional Sparkle All with sheer-to-medium coverage HIGH PERFORMANCE WEAR Feels light and luscious, never sticky Drenched with conditioners Flexible-tip applicator hugs every curve of your lips Smooths on precisely, stays on perfectly
Magnify. Intensify. Electrify. See how brilliant your lips can be. Pure Color High Gloss drenches lips in the ultimate in sheer, intensely hydrating color and shine. Exclusive True Vision™ Technology creates an irresistibly dazzling high-reflective finish that lasts and lasts. Cushions and moisturizes Never feels sticky. Enriched with skin conditioning ingredients and antioxidants, Vitamin E and Vitamin C Helps improve lip suppleness and softness SHINES BRIGHT Exclusive True Vision™ Technology wraps pigments in crystal-like coating Smooth, even pigments optically enhance lips LOOKS CHIC Long-lasting formula Slanted applicator follows every curve of your lips.
High polish blush.Luminous and silky.Tri-blend powder, gel and liquid in one. Tease out a flush of soft, sexy color and innocent glow. Builds to a high sheen highlight. Use it demurely or daringly all over.
Turn up the heat with two smoldering shades to bring out your inner goddess. Creamy crayon formula packs intense color impact in every stroke. For added drama, apply on lower inner rim of eye.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Intense Kajal Eye Crayon is a Eyeliner that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Intense Kajal Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dual-ended creamy pencil packs intense color impact. Two shades in one pencil. Use blue to highlight, black for bold definition. Rich, deeply pigmented color. Glides on velvety smooth. Blends easily. Apply on inner and outer rim of eyes for added drama. Sharpens easily with the Estée Lauder Pencil Sharpener. From the Pure Color Pretty Naughty Collection by Tom Pecheux for Estée Lauder.
Magnificent color. Magnified brilliance. Color that looks and feels so incredible, it leaves your lips wanting more. Two seductive finishes: satin lasting creme and lustrous lasting shimmer. Exclusive True Visionâ„¢ technology provides maximum color impact, dimension and wear. The lipstick is enriched with lip-loving ingredients that leave lips soft and creamy-smooth. In a spectrum of shades, from sublime to vivid. Designed by Tom Pecheux, Creative Makeup Director, Estée Lauder. 
Turn your fingertips into fashion statements with a wardrobe of sensational shades to add definition, polish, and style to your fingertips. Designed by Tom Pecheux, world-renowned makeup artist and Estée Lauder Creative Makeup Director. Tom combined today's top trends with timeless classics-all the colors he prefers for photo shoots and fashion shows. Formulated with True Vision™ technology to transform ordinary color and make it extraordinary.
So addictive, your lips will crave more. The only lipstick with indulgent, creamy color wrapped around a luscious soft center. Our most moisturizing lipstick. Caresses your lips with two-moisture rich formulas: Ultra creamy color outside, lip-loving elixir in the center. For a double infusion of delicious color and moisture. Lips have never felt this sensuous. Contains an exotic blend of fruit extracts, including red raspberry seed oil, passionfruit, and murumuru and shea butters. Plus a new warm vanilla scent. TRUE VISION™ COLOR Maximized color impact Magnified vibrancy, clarity and dimension Amplified brilliance Soft, luminous finish. Light-catching pearls create a soft, luminous finish. Lips instantly look fuller. Buttery-smooth texture. Looks as good as it feels. Medium-to-full, buildable coverage. Long-lasting wear. Feather-resistant.
Go from smoky to wildly intense with non-stop shadows lit with shimmer. Pure pigments in a creamy shadow. Light-emitting dimensional pearls create shimmer to high-metallic finishes. Finger paint it onto lids. Glides on quickly, wears infinitely-all day.
All the opulence of velvet in a new soft matte lipstick. Smooth and creamy formula with rich, intense color impact. Soft, sensuous and non-drying. High-pigment shades for high drama.
Color so vivid, it's luminous. Light-emitting prism pearls create multi-luminous effects. For amplified color and unprecedented sparkling shine. Clusters of up to 8 different shaped pearls cast diamond-like reflections. Silver and gold sparkle pearls neutralize liptone. All shades look great on every skintone. Lips love it. Feels so good: lightweight, creamy, conditioning.
Make magic with Luminizers. Layer over lipstick to transform any shade. Magically changes the color and finish of your lipstick.
You want it all-the lifted look, the firmer feeling and the radiance that reflects how beautiful you are. Lift, firm and help define the look of your eyes. This intensely nourishing formula is empowered with both our exclusive Photo-Activated and Nocturnal Lift Complexes to help skin boost its natural collagen and elastin production. Luminizing optics instantly blur the look of fine, dry lines. You'll see the entire eye area looking firmer, brighter, smoother-younger than ever.
You want it all-the lifted look, the firmer feeling and the radiance that reflects how beautiful you are. Now look as young as you feel with a multi-faceted, 24-hour lift system. Powered by our exclusive Photo-Activated Lift Complex, Resilience Lift day formulas harness the beneficial power of visible light. Featuring a light-responsive enzyme (Plankton Extract), mineral (Malachite) and plant extract (Mimosa) to help skin amplify its natural collagen and elastin production. Over time, skin's strength, resiliency and volume are renewed and you'll see a remarkably younger, revitalized look. Immediately, skin looks more radiantly alive and fresher-younger. As you use it, facial contours appear sculpted and newly defined. Lines and wrinkles look more smoothed out and lifted away. An advanced blend of lipids and more infuse skin with rich, lasting moisture.
You want it all-the lifted look, the firmer feeling and the radiance that reflects how beautiful you are. Now look as young as you feel with a multi-faceted, 24-hour lift system. Powered by our exclusive Photo-Activated Lift Complex,Resilience Lift day formulas harness the beneficial power of visible light. Featuring a light-responsive enzyme (Plankton Extract), mineral (Malachite) and plant extract (Mimosa) to help skin amplify its natural collagen and elastin production. Over time, skin's strength, resiliency and volume are renewed and you'll see a remarkably younger, revitalized look. Immediately, skin looks more radiantly alive and fresher-younger. As you use it, facial contours appear sculpted and newly defined. Lines and wrinkles look more smoothed out and lifted away. An advanced blend of lipids and more infuse skin with rich, lasting moisture.
You want it all-the lifted look, the firmer feeling and the radiance that reflects how beautiful you are. Now look as young as you feel with a multi-faceted, 24-hour lift system. While you sleep, our exclusive Nocturnal Lift Complex works with skin's nightly renewal cycle. Gives your skin the additional support it needs for a more intensive nighttime lift. Powered by Sirtuin NL1 Technology, this innovative nighttime formula with K3 Vitamin C helps give skin the critical time it needs to boost its natural production of collagen and elastin. All night long, a super-intensive moisture complex helps counteract overnight dehydration. See a fresh new radiance re-emerge every morning. Over time, wake up to facial contours that appear sculpted and newly defined. Let its soothing scent calm and relax you.
A pampering new sensation for dry skin. Luxurious creme foams into a moisture-rich lather to gently clean, calm and soften skin. Envelops you with a sense of total satisfaction.
Gentle, soothing toning lotion cushions your skin, leaving it feeling soft, supple, luxuriously hydrated. Primes skin to achieve maximum results from the skincare that follows. CUSHIONING FOR DRY SKIN Gentle yet effective cleansing. Helps preserve skin's moisture barrier. Skin feels pampered, soft, comfortably clean.
Rich soufflé creme cushions skin as it gently cleanses. Creamy and ultra soothing, it tissues off to leave skin feeling soft and supple, never dry or tight. CUSHIONING FOR DRY SKIN Gentle yet effective cleansing. Helps preserve skin's moisture barrier. Skin feels pampered, soft, comfortably clean.
Lift each lash with big, bold, weightless volume. THE FORMULA Unprecedented Bold Volume™ formula has ultra light, lash-thickening fibers. Lifts and plumps even sparse lashes into big, lush lashes that are all lightness and flirtatious curl. THE BRUSH Exclusive BrushComber™ thickens like a brush. Defines like a comb. Wraps your entire lash in air-light volume. Lashes soar with 360° lift and curl. THE LOOK Daringly full, sensuously curved, all-out seductive lashes. Now take your lashes all the way to big, bold, beautiful.
For the widest, brightest eyes, it takes two: Sumptuous Two Tone. Straight From the Runway Now, Tom Pecheux, Creative Makeup Director, Estée Lauder, inspires a breakthrough mascara based on his secret backstage technique for big, beautiful eyes. The genius is in the two contrast colors and two different brushes. Top Lashes Big BrushComber™ adds bold black volume to upper lashes. Bottom Lashes Smaller MicroBrush adds eye-brightening, smudge-free color to lower lashes. Now it's easy to create the most amazing wide-eyed look-it's runway proven.
At last a waterproof mascara that gives you gorgeous lashes just the way you love them. Full, curled, sexy. And virtually indestructible. Now lashes look beautiful in all wet conditions, from steamy humidity to a splash in the pool. Why save it for a rainy day? MAXIMUM WATERPROOFING Get maximum waterproofing against all wet conditions: Water, Chlorinated water, Saltwater, Tears, Perspiration, Humidity, Rain, Snow.
Lashes seem to multiply, magnify, grow to extremes. Three different high-volume fibers create audacious, false-lash effects. THE FORMULA Extreme Bold Volume™ formula is a blend of three high-volume fibers in a mousse-light base. Acts like lash extensions multiplying and growing the look of lashes. Fortified with conditioning Lash-Advancing Vitamin Complex. THE THREE FIBERS Unique interlocking fibers build volume + length Hollow fibers create massive volume, without weight Ball fibers fill in and fill out even the sparsest lashes THE BRUSH Oversized BrushComber Extreme™ with two types of bristles-flexible fibers carry maximum formula; solid fibers comb and separate for clump-free definition. THE COLOR IMPACT Prismatic pearls intensify pigment and luster. Eyes look brighter, wider, more seductive. THE LOOK Outrageous volume, lift and curves for an audacious, false-lash effect.
Extreme volume. Even when wet. Lashes seem to multiply, magnify and grow. Three different high-volume fibers act like lash extensions, creating audacious lash effects-that last through all wet conditions. All weather. All waterproof.
Includes natural Swiss herbal extracts plus soluble protein. Emollient enough for Dry skin, but can also be used on Normal/Combination skin.
Quickly and gently removes all makeup, even long-wear or waterproof formulas. Unique water-based creme-gel refreshes you with a crisp herbal citrus scent. Rinses away easily and leaves skin feeling soft and smooth with no greasy afterfeel or oily residue.
Portable, pre-moistened towelettes quickly remove makeup and freshen skin without water. Advanced cleansing emulsion hydrates, softens skin. Fast, effective and incredibly convenient. Towelette form is great for traveling.
Quickly and gently removes all makeup, even long-wear or waterproof formulas. Unique water-based creme-gel refreshes you with a crisp herbal citrus scent. Rinses away easily and leaves skin feeling soft and smooth with no greasy afterfeel or oily residue.
This deliciously light, milky formula comfortably and thoroughly cleans skin, gently sweeping away makeup and impurities. It actively maintains skin's perfect moisture balance. Won't strip away vital lipids, dry skin, or cause irritation. These very gentle formulas were created for truly sensitive skin. They leave out the irritants including emulsifiers, alcohol and scents but retain advanced skin care benefits.
Extra help for sensitive skin that tends to be dry. This intensely moisturizing creme revives skin's smoothness and suppleness. Helps rebuild moisture defense barrier. Special anti-irritants help reduce the appearance of redness common to sensitive skin. Leaves skin feeling silky, cushioned. Entirely free of common irritants, including emulsifiers, alcohol and fragrance.
This ultra-gentle gel-creme formula instantly comforts and hydrates the sensitive skin around your eyes. Includes anti-aging ingredients that visibly reduce lines and wrinkles now and in the future. Puffiness and dark circles look less obvious. Contains soothing Oat Extract, Green Tea and Marine Extracts. Entirely free of common irritants, including emulsifiers, alcohol and fragrance.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Eyesahdow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Eyeshadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $32.00. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $48.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A resolutely masculine fragrance born from the sea, the sun, the earth, and the breeze of a Mediterranean island. Transparent, aromatic, and woody in nature Aqua Di Gio Pour Homme is a contemporary expression of masculinity, in an aura of marine notes, fruits, herbs, and woods.
Ideal for Spring and Summer, a shimmering version of Acqua di Gioia. This classic scent is now available with a touch of pearl, for a limited time. This rich, creamy formula moisturizes the skin with natural essential oils and the delicate scents of Acqua di Gìoia, with notes of italian limone, brown sugar and crushed mint. It is a clean, incredibly fresh, aquatic scent that is ultra-approachable, yet memorable.
deal for Spring and Summer, a shimmering version of Acqua di Gioia. This classic scent is now available with a touch of pearl, for a limited time. Acqua di Gioia Satin is a hymn to nature in all its forms. It is a clean, incredibly fresh, aquatic scent that is ultra-approachable, yet memorable.
Massage code after shave lotion into the skin for soothing comfort and a seductive scent.
The silky veil gently wraps the skin and offers a perfect moisturization. It leaves the skin intensely fragranced.
The brightness of the southern Italian sun and the freshness of the Mediterranean air: the newest interpretation of seduction – Armani Code Summer. Features bergamot, grapefruit, cedarwood, and musk creating a fresh ultra-masculine fragrance.
The notes for the aromatic woody citrus include lemon, mandarin, three kinds of mint (wild mint, peppermint, spearmint), ambergris (ambrox, reportedly in high concentration), ginger and vetiver.
Orange blossom, glorified in a fluid, pared-down style, lends itself to a more crystalline version. The clarity of neroli is enhanced by cyclamen, jasmine, and lily-of-the-valley. Woven with delicate musks, armani code women becomes ethereal and light as air.
The brightness of the southern Italian sun and the freshness of the Mediterranean air: the newest interpretation of seduction – Armani Code Summer. Features orange blossom, pear sorbet, ginger, and musk creating a fresh sensual fragrance.
Back to the Armani roots, where it all began in 1984, Mr. Giorgio Armani created a fragrance that would stand the test of time and appeal to all generations beyond its current years.  It is the quintessence of Armani style and features Italian Bergamot, Coriander and Cedar.
This magnetic fragrance blends the strength of cedar and vetiver with the intense sensuality of musk and amber. Elegant and fresh, armani mania creates an aromatic aura of confidence and charisma. As sophisticated as a Giorgio Armani suit. 
A fresh burst of Moroccan laurel, green tangerine and pink peppercorns mingle with feminine florals and sensual cedar, sandalwood, amber and musk for a modern fragrance that is both sensual and sophisticated.
An indispensable foundation brush to achieve a perfectly airbrushed makeup look. 
A soft, luxurious brush designed to glide over the face with ease.
Crafted as a micro-blend of pure water-soluble pigments and laquers, this cushiony formula delivers buildable color for cheek and face that is both imperceptible and long-lasting.  
Because cleansing is essential to skin health, it is the number one step of the skin minerals range. This ultra-soft, mineral-enriched cream foam gently cleans, enlightens skin while purifying it without drying out. Skin feels refreshed, soften and primed for the shaving ritual. 
A narrow, firm brush for blending away imperfections.
A light, mild cleansing milk that is as gentle and effective on the eye area as it is on the rest of the face. Removes impurities which tend to dull the complexion, leaving skin brighter and healthy-looking. 
Giorgio Armani premiers crema nera--a unique skin regenerating cream inspired by the Italian island of Pantelleria. Containing a unique formulation of obsidian, a natural mineral compound extracted from the petrified lava on Pantelleria, crema nera perfectly captures the Earth's rejuvenating secrets. This exceptional, patented formula is scientifically proven to actively restore and revitalize skin's natural radiance and regenerate surface cells.
Giorgio Armani premiers crema nera--a unique skin regenerating cream inspired by the Italian island of Pantelleria. This exceptional, patented formula is scientifically proven to actively restore and revitalize skin's natural radiance and regenerate surface cells. The immaculate white cream helps to uncover your skin's beauty, life and youth. Enclosed in a black lacqueur box, this luxury jar includes a black obsidian massage stone. 
A complete anti-aging treatment for the eye with all the powers of crema nera. This unique formula is an association of Obsidian Mineral Complex with key anti-aging ingredients specific to the eye area. The innovative packaging of a mirrored compact is perfect for daily touch ups.
Professional expert shaping brush developed to optimize application of designer shaping and firming cream foundation spf 20.
Smoothing formula protects and scents skin with comfort and protection. Leaves skin slightly scented with the fresh woody gourmand scent of emporio armani diamonds for men.
A natural, sparkling blend of Japanese yuzu, sage and cardamom that harmonize with precious woods and warm musks. 
Liquid interpretation of modern femininity - gentle yet radiant, comfortable yet exotic. Daring. Spirited. Embracing. A modern oriental.
A high-definition eyebrow pencil that combines softness and precision. Redefines eyebrows with ultra-precise contouring for a natural, polished result. Features a grooming brush to keep eyebrows perfectly in place.
Creates a precise and even line to define and accentuate the eyes.
This fresh and light eye gel is specifically formulated to rejuvenate the eye contour. The volcanic force of minerals concentrated in the eye master is specifically designed to target wrinkles, bags and dark circles of the delicate eye area.
A luxurious sable brush specially designed for eye catching makeup results.
An exceptional pencil brightens eyes with metallic definition. Remarkably soft and creamy upon application, the gliding formula is as precise as a kohl and as intense as an eyeliner. It creates a long-lasting, water-resistant outline that defines for hours. Available in Black and Brown.
Giorgio Armani has upped the volume with Eyes to Kill Excess, the ultimate weapon in eye seduction. In the darkest black, the exceptionally volumizing mascara arms the lashes instantly, accentuating the eye with more depth and intensity. Instant full volume: Eyes to Kill Excess full-volume mascara thickens and separates the lashes with a striking, long-lasting, wet finish. This clearly defined, denser lash fringe is the best weapon for daring volumizing lashes. Oversized brush: The secret to Eyes to Kill Excess mascara lies in the combination of a unique formula and an oversized patented lash brush. This unique high-precision, supple bristle-weave design coats and textures each lash in fewer strokes. Science smart: The fusion of a Wax™ Complex and the new texturing agents creates a fluid and creamy texture that glides onto the lashes and allows for an easy, homogeneous application. Wax™ Complex contains a blend of hard and soft waxes to optimize the lashes with an instantaneous full-volume impact. From the root to the tip it coats and grooms lash by lash, leaving them thickened yet flexible. Black lacquered: The refined ultra-black pigments render an appealing lacquered effect for 'drop dead' eye seduction.
Just in time for summer, try the waterproof, 24-hour wear Eyes to Kill waterproof eyeshadows. Eyes to Kill unveils a pearl blend that radiates four spellbinding colors. Each shade is based on a revolutionary technology that acts like a kaleidoscope, producing multidimensional colors.
Neither a cream nor a powder, the incredible hybrid formula acts as a color suspension tool that delivers dreamy, ethereal beauty to eyes with a 24 hour hold. Crease-proof, flake-proof, waterproof and sweat-proof, Eyes to Kill Intense Eyeshadows slide on, stay on, but wipe off in an instant. Apply wet or dry with fingers or the Armani large eye contour brush.
Dress the eye with powerful, plush, voluminous lashes. Fine, fluid Microfil technology creates intensely captivating lash texture. Micro-waxes combined with a fineness agent allow for smooth and easy application, revealing weightless volume and length.
A one-of-a-kind mascara that provides exceptional length and unrivaled definition – while providing a flexible feel and no clump effect. For a high-definition fringe in a single sweep. The lashes are amplified and lengthened to the extreme. 
Empower the eye with more intensity with Eyes to Kill Waterproof mascara, a long-wear, lengthening and volumizing formula. The lash-liner brush instantly outlines and loads the lashes with a high-powered yet lightweight formula. Use a zigzag movement starting at the root, and glide up to the tips to elongate, curve, separate and extend the lashes with an unforgettable sheen.
A luxurious brush made of natural hair for polished and flawless makeup results.
An innovative primer for the face that smoothes skin's surface, refines pores and creates a flawless canvas on which to apply foundation. 
A fresh and lightweight mineral-enriched moisture gel hydrates and protects skin thanks to multi-powered ingredients. This fortifying serum is believed to have a significantly calming effect after shaving and absorbs quickly into skin to deeply hydrate.
More than a mere gloss…concentrated high-definition color fusing shine, comfort and lasting hold. Inspired by icons of the cinema, Giorgio Armani re-introduces glamour with Gloss d'Armani. Gloss d'Armani's flexible velvet applicator adds volume and defines contours instantly and effortlessly, with an expert touch. Color-Fil Shine technology boasts a translucent base that traps pigments and pearlescent particles for a hydrated, silky-smooth feeling without any stickiness. Comfortable, stay-fast color is like a second skin that remains true for eight hours without fading or migrating.
More than a mere gloss…concentrated high-definition color fusing shine, comfort and lasting hold. Inspired by icons of the cinema, Giorgio Armani re-introduces glamour with Gloss d'Armani. Gloss d'Armani's flexible velvet applicator adds volume and defines contours instantly and effortlessly, with an expert touch. Color-Fil Shine technology boasts a translucent base that traps pigments and pearlescent particles for a hydrated, silky-smooth feeling without any stickiness. Comfortable, stay-fast color is like a second skin that remains true for eight hours without fading or migrating.
A thrill of crushed mint and calabrian lemon warmed by a sensual fusion of brown sugar and sicilian cedar. Acqua di Gioia, the new essence of joy. This hair mist leaves hair delicately perfumed and soft, with hints of Italian limone, crushed mint and brown sugar.
Perfectly designed to sweep a smooth veil of color over the entire eyelid.
Light master make-up primer creates a mirror-like veil that maximizes the cheekbones and arches of the face while toning down uneven zones.
Luxurious sable brush for lining and coloring lips.
DIMETHICONE, BIS-DIGLYCERYL POLYACYLADIPATE-2, DIISOSTEARYL MALATE, DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, HYDROGENATED POLYISOBUTENE, PHENYL TRIMETHICONE, KAOLIN, HDI/TRIMETHYLOL HEXYLLACTONE CROSSPOLYMER, ISOSTEARYL ISOSTEARATE, POLYETHYLENE, VINYL DIMETHICONE/METHICONE SILSESQUIOXANE CROSSPOLYMER, NYLON-12, PENTYLENE GLYCOL, HYDRATED SILICA, MAGNESIUM SILICATE, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, SILICA, CALCIUM ALUMINUM BOROSILICATE, CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE, TIN OXIDE, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, METHICONE, ALUMINA, [+/- MAY CONTAIN: CI 15850/RED 7, CI 7789/TITANIUM DIOXIDE, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499/IRON OXIDES, CI 45410/RED 28 LAKE, CI 15985/YELLOW 6 LAKE, CI 45380/RED 22 LAKE, CI 19140/YELLOW 5 LAKE, CI 42090/BLUE 1 LAKE, CI 15850/RED 7 LAKE, CI 15850/RED 6, CI 75470/CARMINE, MICA]
Embellish lips with this iridescent, sparkling gloss. Lavishes lips with a sultry veil of color. Leaves a shimmering, elegant finish. Paint your lips with the precise brush applicator.
A modern vision of lip color, lip wax compact lipstick is a blush of color for lips. The incredibly smooth and silky texture of lip wax glides over lips leaving rich, tailor-made color. The ultra-fine and soft Micro-fil veil ensures a smooth and seemingly weightless result. 
A brightening priming lotion that hydrates, smoothes and evens the skin tone, leaving your skin ready to receive the benefits of Luminessence Dark Spot Corrector serum. A formula that is as light as a lotion, as concentrated as an essence. Made with an ultra‐fresh concentrated formula, our primer is enriched with hydrating agents to infuse the skin with light for an even texture.
The formula of maestro eye shadow contains pure silk-like powders to create a soft, lightweight texture that glides onto eyelids in a silken veil of colour.
A long-lasting, water-based liquid eyeliner with a tapered pen tip that provides ultimate application precision. This unique calligraphic tool produces sharp contrast and definition to the eyes. The matte black liquid shade creates a sultry and dramatic look.
Inspired by Mr. Armani’s perception of the “couture eye”, Maestro seeks to draw attention to the eye by extending and adding volume to the lashes. Maestro’s patented applicator recreates a sumptuous volumized eye look, instantly sculpting lashes with utmost precision.
Onde Mystere is inspired by mysterious harem women. Exquisite and precious, the bottle symbolizes waves left in the sand by the wind. Adorned with a vibrant red tassel made of natural silk thread, inspiration is pulled from the oriental fabrics so often used by Giorgio Armani through his fashion collections. top notes: traditional musk-amber is given a feminine touch with soft and enchanting Moroccan Rose buds middle notes: incense and the mysterious richness of vanilla absolute base notes: mesmerizing spiced accords complete the spell
Ondes Vertige takes us on a journey to the origins of the Kama Sutra. The bottle is designed after the temples and opulent palaces of India. Adorned with a blazing orange tassel made of natural silk thread, inspiration is pulled from the oriental fabrics so often used by Giorgio Armani through his fashion collections. top notes: the innocence of the flowers conceals an experience of supreme sensory intoxication - the sunny frangipani flower is sharpened by a vibrant burst of jasmine petals middle notes: blend of addictive, velvety, soft black liquorice base notes: intense, sensual patchouli inflames the lingering notes
Giorgio Armani Beauty premieres the Perfection Eye Makeup Remover. Breakthrough formula quickly removes all types of eye makeup, even waterproof, without leaving an oily residue. The bi-phase formula is gentle, ideal for sensitive eyes and soothes the delicate eye area.
A rich cleansing balm for all skin types that removes makeup and impurities for a radiant glow. 
An innovative weapon for the eyes with an ultra-fresh beveled applicator to eliminate puffiness, reduce lines and wrinkles and transform the eye contour. With Giorgio Armani's exclusive 3.R technology plus yeast extract, caffeine and tensor agents for eye rejuvenation. 91% of women show younger-looking eyes. Discover Regenessence, the first advanced regenerative skincare¹. Inspired by advanced regenerative medicine research pioneered by Dr. Peter Lorenz at the Stanford School of Medicine, Regenessence 3.R technology targets the three levels of the skin with three powerful ingredients: ProXylan, linseed extract and vitamin CP. The results: In one hour, wrinkles are reduced 71%. In six days, skin is rebounced and more radiant by 88%. In one month, gain up to 6 years of youth.¹
A multi-firming rejuvenating eye balm that instantly seeps into the skin, providing properties that nourish and condition the eye area for a smoother, more supple appearance.
A multi-firming rejuvenating cream available with or without a sunscreen. This lifting cream provides a soft texture that glides over the skin, leaving the skin conditioned and supple.
A multi-firming rejuvenating cream available with or without a sunscreen. This lifting cream provides a soft texture that glides over the skin, leaving the skin conditioned and supple.
Acts on skin surface to reduce wrinkles, firm skin, correct tone and texture irregularities, and provide 8 hours of hydration. In a silky lightweight texture that leaves skin feeling like velvet. For use day and night after the REGENESSENCE [3.R] Youth Regenerator.
A soothing toner that immediately leaves skin feeling luxuriously comfortable and supple. The ultra-light hydrating texture moisturizes and softens. Contains hyaluronic acid for an intense hydrating effect. 
A soft foaming cream that effectively cleanses the face while preserving its comfort. This soap-free, gentle cleanser is like a mineral bath for the face, and helps to maintain the moisture balance of the skin. 
A light, mild cleansing milk that is as gentle and effective on the eye area as it is on the rest of the face. Removes impurities which tend to dull the complexion, leaving skin brighter and healthy-looking. 
A part of les eaux Armani Privé collection, rose alexandrie invites you to discover the fragile strength of the legendary gardens in Alexandria, Egypt.The gardens’ originality consisted in bringing together plant varieties from far-away lands whose paths had never before crossed. Rose alexandrielinks rose of May, the finest and clearest quality of rose which only grows in the south of France, to the finest Italian citrus.
Exceptional long-wear formula results in up to 8 hours of intense color. Experience comfort and shine, without fading and feathering. Soft texture leaves lips feeling continuously hydrated. 
Exceptional long-wear formula results in up to 8 hours of intense color. Experience comfort and shine, without fading and feathering. Soft texture leaves lips feeling continuously hydrated. 
Featuring a creamy texture, feather light and translucent, as hydrating as a balm. The brilliant bold color is wearable and chic. 
Featuring a creamy texture, feather light and translucent, as hydrating as a balm. The brilliant bold color is wearable and chic. 
This mineral-rich, non-lathering textured cream is designed to give expert result for a close and soft shave thanks to a specific formulation. Skin appears hydrated, supple and clear.
Extremely soft and light, sheer blush enhances the complexion with a flush of natural color. Sculpts the face delicately and naturally. Cheeks are left with a warm, radiant glow.
Create the glow of sun-kissed skin with sheer bronzer, a soft micro-fine bronzing powder. Copper and bronze hues warm skin, creating a sculpted glow with shimmering, honey highlights.
Dress lips in a luminous coat of sheer color. A combination of a hydrating base and transparent lip color, this lightweight soothing lipstick creates a moisturizing veil of translucent color and enhances the natural tone of lips.
Gloss-like shine in a full-color, rich lipstick. The Micro-fil™ formula captures and reflects light leaving lips hydrated and sparkling.
This silky soft formula allows for precise, easy application and versatile looks. Use it to subtly define or to intensify your eye look. Glide the smudger over eyeliner for a sexy, smoky result.
An incredibly soft lip pencil for subtle, precise definition. The silky texture allows for easy application and flawless results. To extend the hold of your lip color, fill lips in completely with Smooth silk lip pencil before applying your lipstick.
Set your sights on natural yet glamorous lashes. Designed for dramatically long, perfectly defined lashes, wear one coat for a natural daytime look, several coats for a sophisticated nighttime look. Patented brush dresses each lash in a layer of ultra-rich color. Formulated to comfort and condition.
Giorgio Armani Face & Eye Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $88.00. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Face Powder is a Blush. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 82 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Eyes to Kill Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $59.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Eyes to Kill Eyeshadow Shimmer Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Maestro Eye Shadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $59.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $59.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Enhanced with Guerlain's exclusive Royal Jelly, a deeply nourishing and firming day cream has an intense lifting action, leaving contours of the face redefined. Imperfections are reduced leaving skin luminous. Abeille Royale Intense Restoring Lift features ultra-concentrated Pure Royale Concentrate with Guerlain exclusive Royale Jelly and is ideal for lifting and firming visible signs of aging.
Enhanced with Guerlain's exclusive Royal Jelly, an exceptional night cream redefines the contours of the face while repairing and regenerating skin at night. Abeille Royale Intense Restoring Lift features ultra-concentrated Pure Royale Concentrate with Guerlain exclusive Royale Jelly and is ideal for lifting and firming visible signs of aging.
Abeille Royale Day Cream contains the Pure Royal Concentrate ingredient, extracted from the natural healing power of bee products. Exclusive to Guerlain, this ingredient promotes the healing process in aging skin to help repair wrinkles and tissue firmness by 63% in just 16 hours. Specially designed for combination/oily skin, the formula features absorbing powders to remove excess oil for a matte, velvety finish. Skin appears more firm and toned from the inside out.
Abeille Royale Day Cream contains the Pure Royal Concentrate ingredient, extracted from the natural healing power of bee products. Exclusive to Guerlain, this ingredient promotes the healing process in aging skin to help repair wrinkles and tissue firmness by 63% in just 16 hours. Jojoba extract provides enhanced moisturizing benefits for normal to dry skin, leaving face more firm and toned from the inside out.
Born from the exceptional repairing power of bee products, this eye cream helps reduce the visible signs of aging and fatigue around the eye area. It helps smooth out wrinkles and fine lines, firming the eye contour and creating a lifting effect. With anti-puffiness and anti-dark circle properties, it lightens the area of shadow, making the eye contour appear more youthful and uplifted. Apply as a mask for an immediate expert age-defying effect.
Abeille Royale Night Cream contains the Pure Royal Concentrate ingredient, extracted from the natural healing power of bee products. Exclusive to Guerlain, this ingredient promotes the healing process in aging skin to help repair wrinkles and tissue firmness by 63% in just 16 hours. A higher concentration of Royal Jelly optimizes skin's night regeneration, with double the results when paired with Abeille Royale Serum. Signs of fatigue are reduced and skin is smoothed upon waking.
Born from the exceptional repairing power of bee products, this lotion prepares the skin to optimize the firming, wrinkle-correction action of Abeille Royale skincare. As if stimulated from within, the skin is smoothed and firmed, glowing with a youthful radiance. Its fresh, delicately creamy texture leaves the skin soft and plump.
An invitation to escape. Inspired by nature, Lys Soleia from the Aqua Allegoria collection is a sunny floral scent. Fresher and more addictive, it features the spirit of lily and a note of ylang-ylang. Top notes: bergamot, lemon and palm leaves. Heart notes: lily, ylang-ylang and sunny fruits. Base notes: tuberose, vanilla and sunny musks.
An invitation to escape. Inspired by nature, Lys Soleia from the Aqua Allegoria collection is a sunny floral scent. Fresher and more addictive, it features the spirit of lily and a note of ylang-ylang. Top notes: bergamot, lemon and palm leaves. Heart notes: lily, ylang-ylang and sunny fruits. Base notes: tuberose, vanilla and sunny musks.
Herba Fresca: an aromatic citrus back-to-nature fragrance. The spirit of freshly cut grass and a note of green tea.
Jasminora: a fruity floral fragrance, like a fragrant, intoxicating garden. The spirit of jasmine and a note of freesia.
Mandarine Basilic: an aromatic citrus fragrance, like a burst of freshness. The spirit of mandarin orange and a note of basil.
Pamplelune: a citrus fragrance, like a hint of cheerfulness. The spirit of grapefruit and a note of bergamot.
A balm that cures and protects the lips from drying and chapping, and can be used on or around lips to help reduce the appearance of lip lines. The lips are soothed and plumped.
Guerlain Bronzer & Blush is a Bronzer that retails for $75.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Designed to rejuvenate the skin with a deep moisturizing complex, the luxurious Guerlain body lotion is lightly scented with the sensual Champs-Elysées fragrance, created for the woman who follows her own instincts with confidence and spontaneity.
Introducing Cils d'Enfer - Maxi Lash, the mascara that creates just the right volume in the blink of an eye for a look that instantly captivates. Featuring an innovative formula for maximum volume curl and hold, experience astonishing volume and staggering curl thanks to a high-performance polymer trio. - First: Wraps the lashes in extremely adherent oils to thicken. - Second: Made with supple waxes, it acts as a conditioner, softening the lashes so you can sculpt them into just the right shape and style. - Third: Acts as a finishing touch to set the amazing curve.
Introducing Cils d'Enfer - Maxi Lash, the mascara that creates just the right volume in the blink of an eye for a look that instantly captivates. Featuring an innovative formula for maximum volume curl and hold, experience astonishing volume and staggering curl thanks to a high-performance polymer trio. - First: Wraps the lashes in extremely adherent oils to thicken. - Second: Made with supple waxes, it acts as a conditioner, softening the lashes so you can sculpt them into just the right shape and style. - Third: Acts as a finishing touch to set the amazing curve.
The perfect expression of the soft yet tangy freshness of a spring morning. Top notes: Lavender, lemon, bergamot, and orange. Heart notes: Rosemary.
This wonderfully subtle, fresh and tangy fragrance has the mysterious sensuality of the Mediterranean air. Head Note: Lemon, cedrat. Heart Note: Verbena.
Close to the skin, in the very place where fragrance settles—and lingerie lies—this inspired Guerlain to conceive of an innovative beauty ritual. A delicate new fragrance to spray onto lingerie, creating a special moment of sensuality in which women are invited to indulge.
Fresh spices of cardamom and coriander blended with citrus fruits are warmed with hot spices of pepper and ginger for an everlasting scent. The fragrance was named after the address of the Guerlain empire on 68 Champs-Elysées, Paris, and a sumptuous composition with 68 of the finest raw materials gathered from all over the world. Both fresh and spicy, it will win hearts with its ultra-modern facets, long wearing scent and beautiful, tall minimalist bottle.
Glide on eye color that stays put! Formulated with unusually high pigment content and a creamy gel, these cushiony, silky eye pencils take on unrivaled intensity and depth, and can withstand wind and tide, including extremely hot, humid climates! Comes with its own sharpener.
What it is: An eye shadow primer. What it does: Guerlain Ombre Eclat Eye Primer is composed of smoothing and priming elements that ensure long-lasting, crease-proof color. After application, your eye will be revived and ready for makeup application.
Flora Nymphea: a fresh floral fragrance, suggesting the universe of nymphs. The spirit of orange blossom and a note of honey.
Guerlain Praline Blop that is permanent and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
What it is: An elegant Kabuki-style powder brush. What it does: This brush is designed to work perfectly with the Météorites Perles d’Azur pigments and to pick up just the right amount of Terra Azzurra Powder. The brush, decked out in chic midnight blue, is stored in a stylish Pucci print pouch.
Habit Rouge incarnates the magnificent and unpredictable hunter, a man who is enamored of refinement and capable of all manner of audacity. He lives his life fervently and distinguishes himself with an allure that combines sophistication and sensuality. An oriental that is by turns citrusy, warm and accented with vanilla, Habit Rouge expresses the genius of contrast and well-mastered emotions. In complement to the fragrance, the essentials in the bath line impart a feeling of comfort and freshness while subtly perfuming the skin. Upon application, Habit Rouge spray deodorant imparts a pleasant sensation of freshness and ensures all-day protection.
A Fresh Oriental. A fresh and contemporary interpretation of the legendary Habit Rouge, which has been lightened of its leather notes. The fragrance’s top note is illuminated by bitter orange aromas and the vegetal freshness of the hazel note. A featherlight note of jasmine then adds flawless transparency. Habit Rouge’s iconic oriental signature is still recognisable. Soft and sensual thanks to facets of vanilla and patchouli, it creates an enveloping sillage. An exquisite duality between sensuality and freshness.
A Fresh Oriental. A fresh and contemporary interpretation of the legendary Habit Rouge, which has been lightened of its leather notes. The fragrance’s top note is illuminated by bitter orange aromas and the vegetal freshness of the hazel note. A featherlight note of jasmine then adds flawless transparency. Habit Rouge’s iconic oriental signature is still recognisable. Soft and sensual thanks to facets of vanilla and patchouli, it creates an enveloping sillage. An exquisite duality between sensuality and freshness.
Oriental Citrus Passionate, sophisticated, audacious. Bitter becomes fresh when played in refined accords of lime and tangy orange. Its spicy pedigree heart is warmed by patchouli and rests on a noble base where leather relaxes under the lavish caress of benzoin and vanilla. It is the rich and sensual use of vanilla that gives Habit Rouge its complex and mysterious personality, the hallmark of Guerlain’s greatest perfumes.
Oriental Citrus Passionate, sophisticated, audacious. Bitter becomes fresh when played in refined accords of lime and tangy orange. Its spicy pedigree heart is warmed by patchouli and rests on a noble base where leather relaxes under the lavish caress of benzoin and vanilla. It is the rich and sensual use of vanilla that gives Habit Rouge its complex and mysterious personality, the hallmark of Guerlain’s greatest perfumes.
Guerlain Idylle Body Cream is a sensual and luxurious body cream that allows you to dream of a moment of luxurious pleasure. Guerlain Idylle Perfume is a delicate bouquet of lilies of the valley, peonies, freesias, lilacs and roses. Guerlain Idylle uses a unique collection of Bulgarian roses as the star ingredient and in the very best Guerlain tradition they have personally selected the very best roses ensuring the exceptional quality of the fragrance. The base of this enchanting fragrance is a chypre signature of patchouli and white musk, a contemporary interpretation of the Guerlinade.
Thierry Wasser composed his bouquet like a florist, a slight way, exuberant, give rise to the idea of the delicate and sparkling romance. He had to measure every drop to achieve the perfect fragrance and achieve causing unprecedented and unforgettable sensations through the magic of smell. By combining the sensuality of Cyprus and the intimate facet of musk bouquet of flowers, a symbol of the declaration of love, he manages to express the idea of romantic and sensual romance.
Idylle the Extract, the quintessence of fragrance. A hypnotic floral chypre, exuding more sensuality than innocence, Idylle extract is an intimate elixir composed of exceptional raw ingredients. The Eau de Parfum’s ethereal rose essence is given a velvety touch with denser, sweeter rose absolute. An overdose of ambrette comes into play. This natural musk, derived from hibiscus, is one of the rarest and most exclusive raw ingredients in perfumery. Sensual and mysterious, it diffuses its aromas at the heart of the fragrance and captivates those that come near. The top notes soften, giving way to the full expression of the heart and base of this magnificent fragrance.
Guerlain Illuminating Iridescent Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $67.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.52 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Insolence is the sparkle in the eye of a carefree spirit that fears nothing and no one; it is the silent smile of confidence and amusement. • Vibrant punch of violets, representing the bold and daring side of women. • Fruity bursts of berries and floral iris notes for a beautiful, sensual feel.
A new modern fruity floral scent that brings out three facets of insolent femininity: Extraverted and daring, brilliant and sparkling, radiant and sensual. Young, daring and irreverent. Insolence is the perfect fragrance for the woman who feels no need to conform. Violet, orange blossom, rose Red berries, lemon, bergamot Iris, musk, woody notes
Oriental chypre. Fresh, dynamic, surprising. Filled with contrasts and dualities, freshness and oriental notes, Jicky is a magical perfume that plays on the olfactory ambiguity between masculine and feminine. The subtle spicy notes that blossom with the usual warmth of the oriental facet also play skillfully with the fresh and aromatic notes of lemon and lavender at its heart. Underneath this audacious structure, one detects woody and vanilla notes for greater vibration and character.
Lips get drenched in sheer, pearly or sparkly color with the new Kiss Kiss Gloss! Its revolutionary nonsticky formula keeps lips moisturized while water-resistant and magnifying esters ensure long-lasting effects with a boost of volume. Its flat, smooth brush provides accurate application. Available in three different formulas: Petal Effect gives sheer coverage, Pearl Effect gets a boost of pearly essence, and Gloss Effect provides a subtle sparkling finish.
Guerlain's new Kiss Kiss Gloss Serum brilliantly combines the art of lip care with the magic of colors. This extreme-shine formula, combined with anti-aging active ingredients, helps lips look and stay more beautiful by smoothing wrinkles and fine lines. Instantly and day after day, lips are beautified, smoothed, plumped and rejuvenated.
KissKiss lipstick is an essential everyday accessory. This satin lipstick provides instant and long-lasting moisture. KissKiss provides pure comfort and an exquisite, sensual texture for hours. Available in 30 shades with three tailor-made effects: sensual and volatile metallic pearl, glamorous sparkle, or pure cream. Housed in a lightweight, polished gold case, it's the ultimate in modern luxury.
Kiss Kiss Strass reveals sparkling and extra-scintillating shine. Sexy and glamorous, this ultimate accessory of seduction plays with dazzling reflections to multiply light like a kaleidoscope. Ten shimmering and sparkling shades in three different families: the Red Gold family, the Yellow Gold family, the Pink Gold family.
Jean-Paul Guerlain created the Les Parisiennes Collection for those very special, magical, intoxicating, and joyous moments in life. Back in the spotlight, these perfumes are available in the chic 125 mL bee bottle, a classic design that honors Guerlain's dedication to tradition, passion, and sophistication. L'ame d'un Heros is the scent of valor.
Jean-Paul Guerlain created the Les Parisiennes Collection for those very special, magical, intoxicating, and joyous moments in life. Back in the spotlight, these perfumes are available in the chic 125 mL bee bottle, a classic design that honors Guerlain's dedication to tradition, passion, and sophistication. L'ame d'un Heros is the scent of valor.
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Angelique Noire coyly blends the freshness of angelica, the luminosity of bergamot and the smooth, feminine sweetness of vanilla. It is made for the woman who should not be underestimated; although seemingly shy at first, she may just be the one to steal the first kiss! Top notes: angelica seeds, pink berries, pear Heart notes: jasmine, sambac, caraway Base notes: vanilla, angelica roots, cedar
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Angelique Noire coyly blends the freshness of angelica, the luminosity of bergamot and the smooth, feminine sweetness of vanilla. It is made for the woman who should not be underestimated; although seemingly shy at first, she may just be the one to steal the first kiss! Top notes: angelica seeds, pink berries, pear Heart notes: jasmine, sambac, caraway Base notes: vanilla, angelica roots, cedar
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. The ethereal Bois d'Armenie, inspired by Papier d'Armenie (the scented paper used as incense since the 16th century), is a panoramic sensation of wood, spice and oriental accents wrapped in a transparent cloud of smoke. A beautiful harmony using the heart of benzoin, pink pepper, coriander, patchouli and white musk creates a billowing mist of delicacy. Seductive and alluring, it is made for the woman who leaves a lasting impression, haunting those who dare to love her. Top notes: incense, iris, pink pepper Heart notes: gaiac wood, coriander leaves Base notes: copahu balm, patchouli, white musk
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. The ethereal Bois d'Armenie, inspired by Papier d'Armenie (the scented paper used as incense since the 16th century), is a panoramic sensation of wood, spice and oriental accents wrapped in a transparent cloud of smoke. A beautiful harmony using the heart of benzoin, pink pepper, coriander, patchouli and white musk creates a billowing mist of delicacy. Seductive and alluring, it is made for the woman who leaves a lasting impression, haunting those who dare to love her. Top notes: incense, iris, pink pepper Heart notes: gaiac wood, coriander leaves Base notes: copahu balm, patchouli, white musk
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Cruel Gardenia doesn't concern itself with polite flirtation; it immediately pierces the heart and burns itself into its captive's mind like a beautiful obsession. The scent creates an eternal loop like the memory of a lover's last kiss, replaying the taste, warmth and passion over and over to the point of exquisite pain. It's so cruel; it's kind. Cruel Gardenia is brilliantly embraced with the sweet essence of rose and neroli, warmed by ylang-ylang and white musk and haunted by sensuous notes of vanilla and sandalwood. It is made for a femme fatale who completely possesses and kindly destroys her lovers. Women know not to leave their men alone with her, fearing her tempting web of desire will instantly ensnare them. Top notes: rose, peach, neroli Heart notes: gardenia, ylang-ylang Base notes: tonka bean, vanilla
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Cruel Gardenia doesn't concern itself with polite flirtation; it immediately pierces the heart and burns itself into its captive's mind like a beautiful obsession. The scent creates an eternal loop like the memory of a lover's last kiss, replaying the taste, warmth and passion over and over to the point of exquisite pain. It's so cruel; it's kind. Cruel Gardenia is brilliantly embraced with the sweet essence of rose and neroli, warmed by ylang-ylang and white musk and haunted by sensuous notes of vanilla and sandalwood. It is made for a femme fatale who completely possesses and kindly destroys her lovers. Women know not to leave their men alone with her, fearing her tempting web of desire will instantly ensnare them. Top notes: rose, peach, neroli Heart notes: gardenia, ylang-ylang Base notes: tonka bean, vanilla
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Like a pair of luxurious, buttery soft leather gloves, Cuir Beluga's smooth touch is a perfect fit. Guerlain has taken leather to new olfactory heights, blending it with Mandarin orange, amber, heliotrope and vanilla. Enigmatic and mysterious, Cuir Beluga has lured both men and women into its velvety paradox. It is made for the woman or man with leather gloves curled around a steering wheel with wind-tussled hair, staring down an open road and happily consumed by the journey. Top notes: aldehydes, tangerine Heart notes: patchouli, everlasting flower Base notes: vanilla, amber, suede, heliotrope
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Like a pair of luxurious, buttery soft leather gloves, Cuir Beluga's smooth touch is a perfect fit. Guerlain has taken leather to new olfactory heights, blending it with Mandarin orange, amber, heliotrope and vanilla. Enigmatic and mysterious, Cuir Beluga has lured both men and women into its velvety paradox. It is made for the woman or man with leather gloves curled around a steering wheel with wind-tussled hair, staring down an open road and happily consumed by the journey. Top notes: aldehydes, tangerine Heart notes: patchouli, everlasting flower Base notes: vanilla, amber, suede, heliotrope
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Call Rose Barbare a rebel with a beautiful cause. It is a creation that explores the deep, mysterious and sublime darkness of rose. It presents itself directly without pretense or fanfare, with bold top notes of ottoman rose blending with the spontaneous sensuality of fresh honeychypre. The impressively smooth mixture sweeps in like a silent shadow, a beautiful darkness suffused with luminosity, gently caressing the skin. Always one to question authority, this daring beauty easily debunks traditional ideas and institutions. Top notes: aldehydes, rose essence Heart notes: rose absolu, fenugreek Base notes: peach honey, patchouli, notes of undergrowth
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Call Rose Barbare a rebel with a beautiful cause. It is a creation that explores the deep, mysterious and sublime darkness of rose. It presents itself directly without pretense or fanfare, with bold top notes of ottoman rose blending with the spontaneous sensuality of fresh honeychypre. The impressively smooth mixture sweeps in like a silent shadow, a beautiful darkness suffused with luminosity, gently caressing the skin. Always one to question authority, this daring beauty easily debunks traditional ideas and institutions. Top notes: aldehydes, rose essence Heart notes: rose absolu, fenugreek Base notes: peach honey, patchouli, notes of undergrowth
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Tonka Imperiale, a subtle blend of balmy scents, is rich in contrasting facets with accents of honey, gingerbread, almond, hay and tobacco. An astonishing construction that blows hot and cold between the freshness of rosemary (the aromatic, uplifting top note) and the sweet, pervasive fullness of tonka bean. Highly concentrated and beautifully balanced, it gives the fragrance a rare and memorable personality. Alluring and surprising, the tonka bean reveals all its power to arrest. An irresistible attraction and love at first sight. Top notes: bergamot, butter almond, rosemary Heart notes: jasmine, tonka bean, light tobacco Base notes: incense, cedar, pine
L'Art et la Matiere is a collection of rare perfumes that capture the world's most luxurious raw materials with vision and daring. Tonka Imperiale, a subtle blend of balmy scents, is rich in contrasting facets with accents of honey, gingerbread, almond, hay and tobacco. An astonishing construction that blows hot and cold between the freshness of rosemary (the aromatic, uplifting top note) and the sweet, pervasive fullness of tonka bean. Highly concentrated and beautifully balanced, it gives the fragrance a rare and memorable personality. Alluring and surprising, the tonka bean reveals all its power to arrest. An irresistible attraction and love at first sight. Top notes: bergamot, butter almond, rosemary Heart notes: jasmine, tonka bean, light tobacco Base notes: incense, cedar, pine
For perfect lip definition, Guerlain designed a retractable lip liner, available in 8 shades to match every lipstick! A soft, thin and precise line that defines and corrects the lip outline for a perfect finish and long-lasting hold.
What it is: A duo-ended two brush mascara, so no lash is forgotten. What it is formulated to do: Breathtaking brush N.1 boosts volume, length, and curl in the blink of an eye and Mini brush N.2 goes to the limits, taking in every lash. Guerlain's innovation is two brushes with amazing characteristics—so no lash is forgotten. The first brush transforms eyelashes with a single stroke while it lengthens, curves and separates. The second, miniature brush is designed for the inner and outer corners and tilted seven degrees to reach and grab the smaller eyelashes and make them up easily without smudges or mistakes. What else you need to know: The overall effect is perfect, precise, and voluptuous while also being supple and sculpted. The eye looks bigger and wider; the gaze brilliant.
An irresistible desire to dive into one's fantasies is born from a unique drop of perfume. Let your senses decide what kind of woman you wish to be tonight. The Carnal Elixirs highlight the pleasure of marvelously daring olfactory discoveries. Subtle, forbidden fragrances that delicately reveal the many facets of a woman. Floral Romantique, the sensual romantic, is a tender nectar for a delicate and romantic woman. Fresh top notes of Mandarin orange lead to the core of jasmine, ylang-ylang, tiare, lily and carnation. Woody nuances of cedar in the base are harmoniously combined with smoked tea and mate. Top notes: Mandarin orange Heart notes: jasmine, tiare, lily, ylang-ylang Base notes: cedar, smoked tea, chestnut
An irresistible desire to dive into one's fantasies is born from a unique drop of perfume. Let your senses decide what kind of woman you wish to be tonight. The Carnal Elixirs highlight the pleasure of marvelously daring olfactory discoveries. Subtle, forbidden fragrances that delicately reveal the many facets of a woman. Gourmand Cocquin—no game is off limits for this little darling who enjoys tying her willing victims up in her love from their heads down to their toes. With a penchant for sweet treats, her insatiable appetite indulges in every pleasure and naughty fantasy. Gourmand Coquin teases with a sprinkling of black peppercorns binding luscious chocolate. A dash of rum, spice and cocoa bean intoxicates the senses and then delights even further with rose and voluptuous vanilla. Top notes: black pepper Heart notes: rose Base notes: rum, chocolate
Guerlain's newest nail lacquers are indispensable allies for accomplished femininity. The ultra-vibrant shades incorporate adhesive resins to offer a perfectly even sheen that lasts for days. Using each shade's extra-flat and widened brush, the easy-to-use formula imparts a shiny, daring and immaculate finish.
An irresistible desire to dive into one's fantasies is born from a unique drop of perfume. Let your senses decide what kind of woman you wish to be tonight. The Carnal Elixirs highlight the pleasure of marvelously daring olfactory discoveries. Subtle, forbidden fragrances that delicately reveal the many facets of a woman. Consumed by intense desire and passion, the Asian Brulant woman knows her lover will satisfy her every whim. Her beloved is spellbound, hypnotized and forever in her power. Simmering with sensuality, Asian Brulant embraces with vanilla and tonka bean, creating an aura of seduction that is impossible to resist. White almond offers a tender lasting touch. Top notes: tangerine Heart notes: almond Base notes: tonka bean, vanilla
An irresistible desire to dive into one's fantasies is born from a unique drop of perfume. Let your senses decide what kind of woman you wish to be tonight. The Carnal Elixirs highlight the pleasure of marvelously daring olfactory discoveries. Subtle, forbidden fragrances that delicately reveal the many facets of a woman. Boise Torride, the sultry seductress, is a smoldering wood scent constructed around cedar and patchouli, two warm and noble essences traditionally used in men's perfume making. But in this case, like a tuxedo that enhances a woman's body, they embrace the softness of a sensual bouquet of jasmine and orange blossom caressed by white musk. Top notes: bergamot, tangerine, pink berries Heart notes: marshmallow, orange blossom, jasmine Base notes: patchouli, white musk, cedar
An irresistible desire to dive into one's fantasies is born from a unique drop of perfume. Let your senses decide what kind of woman you wish to be tonight. The Carnal Elixirs highlight the pleasure of marvelously daring olfactory discoveries. Subtle, forbidden fragrances that delicately reveal the many facets of a woman. Underneath the Chypre Fatal woman's cool, refined exterior, a passionate fire burns. A woman to love but never truly know, she always has the upper hand with those who dare to try to own her. The intense aura of this fatal fruity chypre haunts, as it presses and caresses with rose, to which patchouli brings its spicy, woody overtones. Vanilla and white peach sensually soften the harmony that leaves an indelible trail. Top notes: white peach Heart notes: rose Base notes: patchouli, vanilla
A mouth-watering and addictive fragrance, whose exotic notes will make you travel faraway. Its timeless fragrance trail recalls creations that were milestones in the history of perfumery. Vacillating between delicacy and voluptuousness, it reveals its true personality. At times it is dry and soft, at others enveloping or deliciously tender, one can only marvel at such olfactory complexity. 4.2 oz. Top: Petit Grain, Bitter Almond Powder Heart: Orange Blossom, Jasmine Base: Sandalwood, Gaïac Wood, Vanilla, White Musk, Incense
The breathtaking beauty of Paris at dusk, 'The Blue Hour,' that magical hour of twilight, inspired this fragrance. A heady blend of roses, iris, and jasmine, laced with an intriguing background of vanilla and musk. L'Heure Bleue is intimate, emotional, and utterly refined. Like an armful of sweet, delicate flowers enveloped in a powdery aura.
The breathtaking beauty of Paris at dusk, 'The Blue Hour,' that magical hour of twilight, inspired this fragrance. A heady blend of roses, iris, and jasmine, laced with an intriguing background of vanilla and musk. L'Heure Bleue is intimate, emotional, and utterly refined. Like an armful of sweet, delicate flowers enveloped in a powdery aura.
L'Instant de Guerlain Perfumed Body Lotion. Unexpected, enchanting and fresh, a fragrance inspired by unforgettable moments in a luxurious body lotion. Indulge yourself and enjoy the luminous, sparkling, sensual essence of citrus honey blended with magnolia and warm, sexy amber. 
L'Instant de Guerlain Perfumed Body Lotion. Unexpected, enchanting and fresh, a fragrance inspired by unforgettable moments in a luxurious body lotion. Indulge yourself and enjoy the luminous, sparkling, sensual essence of citrus honey blended with magnolia and warm, sexy amber. 
Guerlain liquid eyeliner has been designed like a calligraphy tool for precision and simplicity of use, with an ultrafine brush, long handle and impeccable line. From the thinnest to the heaviest contour, it provides flawless application.
This skin enhancer is truly worth its weight in gold. The cooling gel texture sinks into the skin, helping it retain its moisture throughout the day even after eight hours! Applied onto bare skin, the 24-karat gold-infused formula smoothes away fine lines and tightens the facial features without discomfort. Under makeup or on its own, it provides an even finish and long-lasting moisture to the complexion.
Guerlain Meteorites Voyage Powder is a Powder that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Her name was Mitsouko. It means “mystery”, a mystery of tenderness and softness. She is this enigmatic, disarming and determined woman who accepts her destiny with the courage of the greatest heroines in literature. A masterpiece of balance, this mysterious perfume is made of spices and wood with subtly fruity accents. Its tonality is warm and sensual, it makes its presence known softly and embarks on a long story… With this mythical and timeless perfume, the body range represents so many moments of happiness that refresh the senses and provide the finishing touch to a delicate and intimate beauty routine. Sensations of freshness and immediate well-being accompany the discreet scent of Mitsouko in a deodorant that guarantees all-day protection.
Moscow has awakened. Sleeping Beauty has opened her eyes, and her heart is fluttering. Women and men are part of the metamorphosis of a capital city that proudly displays its new modernity. Trendy, feminine and electric, Paris-Moscow perfume echoes the heartbeat that pounds through the Russian capital. 3.3 oz. Top Notes: Pine Needle, Absinthe, Cranberry, Bergamot Heart Notes: Jasmine Base Notes: Tonka Bean, Sandal, Vanilla, White Musk
L'Art et la Matiere ethos: to choose the most precious materials and nurture them like fine works of art. Each raw material becomes a fragrance composed with the use of myrrh, a rare natural substance whose use goes back to the sacred rituals of ancient times.Thierry Wasser has created a luminous myrrh, deftly drawing on his skills to bring out its liquorice facet. While intense pepper spices up a surprising and a deliciously fruity opening, myrrh lends all its opulence to a sensual and slightly powdery floral heart. The rich fragrant trail that it leaves behind reveals the full aromatic power of incense. Top: Grapefruit, Black Pepper, Pink Pepper, Pear Heart: Rose, Iris, Myrrh Base: Patchouli, Incense, Liquorices
At Guerlain, it is a tradition. Crossing borders. Encountering new places. Discovering unfamiliar, exotic essences. Capturing the soul of a place by uncovering the emotional enchantment of its raw elements. Today, in the grand Guerlain tradition of exploring the world's riches, the Voyage collection pays homage to fascinating cities and electrifying metropolises. Current fragrances: Moscow, Tokyo, New York and London. New York has many films, books and lyrics that have sung the praises of the city where anything is possible. New York welcomes your deepest desires and craziest ambitions. From the elegant Uptown to bohemian Downtown, this woody oriental fragrance, sparkling and sweet, excites the taste buds, transporting the senses to the heart of Manhattan on Christmas Eve. 3.3 oz. Top Notes: Mandarin, Bergamot, Pink Berries Heart Notes: Candied Chestnut, Cinnamon, Orange Blossom Base Notes: Cedar, Patchouli, White Musk, Vetiver
New Noir G is the first mascara to combine the extravagant luxury of a jewel case with a mirror and an extraordinary formula that adds volume, lengthens and curls. Ultra-black pigments create perfectly defined eyes without any risk of smearing, smudging or clumping. A fortifying agent helps to regenerate lashes by stimulating keratin for fortification and lash growth. Like a magic wand, the ground-breaking Noir G goes one step further with a refillable applicator, making it convenient and easy to switch to a new wand as soon as you need it. Pull on the case and with a click, the hidden mirror is revealed. Add a quick twist and the brush appears, ready to create exceptional, stunning lashes.
New Noir G is the first mascara to combine the extravagant luxury of a jewel case with a mirror and an extraordinary formula that adds volume, lengthens and curls. Ultra-black pigments create perfectly defined eyes without any risk of smearing, smudging or clumping. A fortifying agent helps to regenerate lashes by stimulating keratin for fortification and lash growth. Like a magic wand, the ground-breaking Noir G goes one step further with a refillable applicator, making it convenient and easy to switch to a new wand as soon as you need it. Pull on the case and with a click, the hidden mirror is revealed. Add a quick twist and the brush appears, ready to create exceptional, stunning lashes.
Ombré Éclat 1 Shade is the largest single-eyeshadow product on the market. Intense and long-lasting colors allow for light and delicate eye makeup or a more sophisticated, dramatic effect, always with an impeccable finish. Available in many different shades to collect and match according to your mood.
The New Generation Imperial Orchid Molecular Extract reverses the mechanisms that lead to the end of cell activity, while preserving younger cells and their surrounding ecosystem to increase cell-life expectancy. After just one month the skin is transformed. Skin wins back its youth and remains younger-looking longer. Wrinkles are smoothed and the skin appears radiant. Day after day, Orchidée Impériale Cream acts on all the signs of aging. Deeply nourished and moisturized, the skin appears remarkably plumper and regains an incomparable radiance.
Guerlain was the first to unravel the mystery of the longevity of the orchid. Through its dedicated research platform, The Orchidarium, Guerlain has been unlocking the secrets of this exceptional flower for over ten years to offer the best in anti-aging skincare. The unique properties of three particularly resilient orchid species led to the development of the New-Generation Imperial Orchid Molecular Extract, which acts on the fundamental mechanisms of skin longevity. Reinforced by a remarkable ability to 'turn back cellular time,' this ultimate molecular concentrate maintains a growing number of young and active cells, while also increasing the skin cell's-life expectancy. Discover the new age-defying power for your eyes and smile.
The neck and décolleté are, after the face, the two zones that are the most sensitive to the effects of aging. Because the skin is naturally thinner, the neck and décolleté are prime targets for the premature appearance of wrinkles and pigmentation flaws. The Orchidée Impériale Neck and Décolleté Cream is a rich creme that redefines and enhances the delicate neck and décolleté area. Its re-densifying action is reinforced by an anti-slackening affect. After the treatment, the neck and décolleté appear immediately smoothed, as if lifted. Spots are diminished and the décolleté recovers a satiny radiance. With continued use, the skin recovers its strength and tone; it appears denser, stronger and firmer.
The supremely rich texture of the new Rich Cream offers the global anti-aging power of Orchidee Imperiale with a new age-defying Imperial Orchid Molecular Extract, drawn from the roots, stems, and leaves of three new orchids that are rich in growth tissue. The reformulated cream also features the Nourishing Orchid Concentrate: a unique combination of orchid butter and orchid oil which targets fragility, roughness, and lack of flexibility in dry skin. Skin recovers its strength and density, facial contours appear redefined, and wrinkles are smoothed. Nourished and freed from dryness, the skin regains the suppleness, comfort, and elasticity of young skin.
This essential first step to the anti-aging ritual maximizes the Orchidée Impériale skincare benefits. Enriched with orchid water, this toner primes the skin with preliminary age-defying action and deeply moisturizes and enhances skin density in an instant, refining its texture. After use, the skin is firmer, smoother and pores are tightened.
Her name was Mitsouko. It means “mystery”, a mystery of tenderness and softness. She is this enigmatic, disarming and determined woman who accepts her destiny with the courage of the greatest heroines in literature. A masterpiece of balance, this mysterious perfume is made of spices and wood with subtly fruity accents. Its tonality is warm and sensual, it makes its presence known softly and embarks on a long story… With this mythical and timeless perfume, the body range represents so many moments of happiness that refresh the senses and provide the finishing touch to a delicate and intimate beauty routine. Mitsouko perfumed body lotion moisturizes the skin, leaving it refreshed and delicately silky. Created in the image of the perfume, its delicate fragrance captures all of Mitsouko’s rich facets.
Guerlain Pressed Powder & Blush is a Highlighter that retails for $67.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rouge Automatique hydrating long-lasting lip color: automatically fashionable. Coveted as an It Bag, precious as a gem, glamorous as stilettos! Open and close with just one hand. Its innovative formula combines long-lasting hold with comfort and radiance. Rouge Automatique offers a burst of color, available in a bouquet of 25 shades.
Liquid, creamy, consistent, ultra-pigmented and velvety, Rouge G L'Extrait exceptional lip color is the perfect cross between a lipstick and a gloss. The liquid texture glides gently over the lip and within a few moments, the silky color becomes matte. This non-sticky, non-drying, and non-feathering texture leaves your lips looking flawless for hours.
Diisostearyl malate, Polyglyceryl-10, Nonaisostearate, Jojoba Esters, Synthetic wax, Bis-behenyl/isostearyl/phytosteryl dimmer silinoleyl dimmer dilinoleate, Isostearyl hydroxystearate, Synthetic fluorphlogopite, Ozokerite, Silica, Hydrogenated styrene/methyl styreneandene copolymer, Octyldodecanol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Irvingia gabonensis kernel butter, Disteardimonium hectorite, Calcium sodium borosilicate, Hydrogenated Coco-glycerides, Caprylic/capric triglyceride, Parfum (fragrance), Synthetic ruby powder, Commiphora, Myrrha extract, Ethylhexyl hydroxystearate, Centella asiatia leaf extract, Ruscus aculeatus root extract, Retinyl palmitate, BHT, Helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, Silica dimethyl silylate, Propyl gallate, Tocopheryl acetate, Butylene glycol, Hexylene glycol, Caprylyl glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopherol, Sodium hyaluronate.
The original, creamy richness of Rouge G has now been combined with the lightness of color. Rouge G Le Brillant has mastered the art of blending this incredibly full-bodied texture with shimmering light colors. Deep in the heart of this precious treasure, an extraordinary formula complete with ruby powder fills the lips with moisture, making them ultra-smooth, plump and glistening. Spectacular yet refined, Rouge G Le Brillant emits a subtle shine and reveals all the beauty of an ultrafeminine ritual. The secret? A clever balance between glamour and softness unveiled by a truly unique formula.
Guerlain Rouge G Le Brilliant is a Lipstick that retails for $48.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
In Sanskrit, Samsara means the eternal cycle of life. It is an imaginary place, sacred and mysterious, where Orient and Occident meet. Samsara is the symbol of harmony, of absolute osmosis between a woman and her perfume. It is a spiritual voyage leading to serenity and inner contemplation. The bottle, in the sacred red of the Orient, echoes the figure of a Khmer dancer in the Musée Guimet in Paris, her hands folded in a gesture of offering, expressing plenitude and femininity. The stopper evokes the eye of Buddha. A tantalizing floral-oriental perfume, Samsara is a harmonious blend of all-natural essences, including jasmine, ylang ylang, sandalwood and tonka bean. Notes: bergamot, jasmine sambac, narcissus, rose, ylang-ylang, iris, sandalwood, tonka bean, vanilla.
For those who need the most hydration possible, this creamy fluid removes all traces of dirt and makeup (even waterproof formulas) from the face, eyes and lips, and leaves behind a moisturized feeling.
Apply this lightweight, airy mousse to the skin and feel how it transforms into a rich, nourishing cream as it gently cleanses the face and removes impurities without drying.
This gentle formula carefully sweeps away dead skin cells and other impurities. Use it prior to cleansing to allow active ingredients to better penetrate the skin's surface. Continued use will lessen the appearance of fine lines, unclog and tighten pores, and even out skin tone for a radiant glow.
The ideal treat for mature and very dry complexions, this thick cream acts as a cleanser and moisturizer in one. The deliciously rich texture glides over the face, eyes and lips and even removes the most stubborn makeup residue.
Guerlain Serie Noire is a Blush that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shalimar is a fragrance to excite and express desire. She who dares to wear it is asserting her femininity and ultra sensuality. Hers is carnal seduction at the frontier of the forbidden. Shalimar gives her the freedom to express her feelings and desires, relating to her perfume with the utmost in passion. Wearing Shalimar means surrendering control to the senses. Notes: bergamot, lemon, jasmine, rose, May rose, iris, incense, opopanax, tonka bean, vanilla.
It is the moment where it all begins. Shalimar Parfum Initial, the new Guerlain fragrance, is an initiation to sensuality. Discover this luminous amber-floral fragrance. The fresh burst of bergamot gives way to a delicate floral heart: an orchestrated overdose of rose, jasmine and iris. The vanilla and tonka bean base instantly creates addiction, like the captivating feel of cashmere on bare skin. Notes: bergamot zest, orange zest, jasmine, rose, patchouli, vetiver, green notes, white musk, tonka bean, vanilla.
It is the moment where it all begins. Shalimar Parfum Initial, the new Guerlain fragrance, is an initiation to sensuality. Experience this delicate Shalimar Initial Parfum Body Lotion, a delightful indulgence for your body. Discover the luminous amber-floral fragrance. The fresh burst of bergamot gives way to a delicate floral heart: an orchestrated overdose of rose, jasmine and iris. The vanilla and tonka bean base instantly creates addiction, like the captivating feel of cashmere on bare skin. Notes: bergamot zest, orange zest, jasmine, rose, patchouli, vetiver, green notes, white musk, tonka bean, vanilla.
A light-as-air loose powder that enhances the face, body and hair with an iridescent, golden veil. A mere press of the bulb releases the powder, leaving Liu's mesmerizing aromas in its wake: a composition of aldehydes, sensual roses, vanilla, iris and woody notes. Many will recognize Liu's original bottle with its elegant black glass case and golden letters reminiscent of a Chinese tea caddy. A black woven bulb has been added to transform the legendary fragrance into a desirable and feminine makeup accessory.
Shine Automatique hydrating lipstick is for the fun and flirty girl who wants to add a little sparkle to her life. Guerlain introduces Shine Automatique, a moisturizing and long-lasting lipstick that combines bold color with pearly particles to give your lips discreet yet exceptional shine. Lips are left soft, smooth and luminous. Now available in a bouquet of 12 shades.
The ultimate solution to soothe and calm the skin and limit allergic reactions. With SOS Serum the skin is strengthened and softened, completely prepared for high-performance skincare products. When your skin seems to react to everything, here's the ultimate solution. The skin is strengthened and softened.
Vibrant chypre Precious, elegant, intense Top : bergamot, lavander, estragon Heart : jasmine, carnation, green notes Base : precious woods, notes of undergrowth
An enlightened composition, the gold of vanilla reveals a different aspect each time and blinds us in all its splendor. For instance, vanilla has a spicy aspect, far removed from any sweet and childlike sentimentality. Thus, in the top note, slightly piquant and fruity pink peppercorns play with the fresh bergamot that instantly lightens the composition. Alongside the spices, you can very quickly sense a soft, resinous and woody note interpreted by incense lingering at the top. This gives way to cedar, a key element of the middle note, illustrating the woody aspect of the vanilla pod. Top notes: pink berries, bergamot, incense Heart notes: Bulgarian rose, jasmine, cedar Base notes: vanilla bean
The Guerlain Super Aqua Toner is the first essential hydration step in the Super Aqua routine. This beauty toner reveals all the radiance of the complexion as soon as it is applied. The originality of its fresh, velvety texture provides incomparable softness and comfort, due to the new Aqua Complex. Intensely moisturized and fortified, the skin is left supple, plumped and visibly more luminous.
Optimum hydration revitalizer. This fresh, delicious cream mask hydrates and revitalizes in just ten minutes, leaving skin soft, supple and smooth. Helps to dramatically diminish signs of aging such as dryness, wrinkles and uneven tone. Each application leaves the complexion plumped, protected and packed with moisture.
The Desert Rose complex, originating from a flower which miraculously defies the harsh conditions of its arid environment, acts as a veritable protective shield. It reinforces the skin's internal barrier, thus increasing its reserves of moisture and increasing cellular resistance to time and external factors. Deeply hydrated, skin is re-plumped, smooth, supple and radiant. A rich cream that protects the skin and wraps it in pure comfort.
The Desert Rose complex, originating from a flower which miraculously defies the harsh conditions of its arid environment, acts as a veritable protective shield. It reinforces the skin's internal barrier, thus increasing its reserves of moisture and increasing cellular resistance to time and external factors. Deeply hydrated, skin is re-plumped, smooth, supple and radiant. A fresh, light gel crème that refines skin texture.
An invisible, protective shield for the skin that provides triple protection for the face with hydration, anti-aging and sun resistance. The fluid texture is truly innovative for a formula with such a high level of sun protection. It leaves skin perfectly moisturized and smoothed and gives a soft, velvety finish. The skin is stronger and becomes more resistant to the effects of time.
An extraordinary instant eye-contour skin smoother that hydrates and strengthens. These fine and translucent eye patches adapt to the shape of the delicate eye area to smooth skin and decongest the eye by reducing puffiness and fighting dark circles. The results are immediate: the eye area looks smoothed and relaxed; the eyes are refreshed and shine with youth. What better way to look as if you've just enjoyed a professional relaxation treatment or a good night's sleep?
For time-defying eyes. Specially formulated for gentle action on the sensitive eye contour zone, Super Aqua-Eye combines the Desert Rose Flower Complex with hyaluronic acid fragments. Known for its volumizing, plumping and smoothing power, hyaluronic acid is a molecule capable of retaining the equivalent of 1,000 times its volume in water. This unprecedented formula offers immediate and long-lasting results. The skin is immediately moisturized, visibly plumped and revitalized. Wrinkles and dehydration lines are smoothed and softened. Puffiness is visibly reduced and dark circles appear lighter.
A truly precious anti-aging, moisturizing hand cream. For even the driest skin. The formula offers all the moisturizing and anti-aging powers of Super Aqua, as well as action to even out skin tone and protect the skin from the sun to prevent pigmentation marks and premature slackening. Immediately after application, the skin is soothed and protected. It remains hydrated for six hours after application and fine dehydration lines disappear, leaving hands smooth, youthful, supple and even-toned.
The Desert Rose complex, originating from a flower which miraculously defies the harsh conditions of its arid environment, acts as a veritable protective shield. It reinforces the skin's internal barrier, thus increasing its reserves of moisture and increasing cellular resistance to time and external factors. Deeply hydrated, skin is re-plumped, smooth, supple and radiant. A night recovery balm that is easily absorbed and brings relief to daily aggressions.
Guerlain Terracotta Blush Sun Shimmer Highlighter is a Highlighter that retails for $43.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Whether dark or fair, blonde or brunette, Terracotta powder perfectly creates a natural-looking tan, whatever your complexion. Its unique texture has always been Guerlain's best-kept secret. It leaves no lines or marks, only a natural, radiant luminous tan. Its formula enriched with moisturizing ingredients doesn't dry out the skin and ensures long-lasting comfort.
With the effect of a makeup bronzer and the ease of a gentle spray, Terracotta spray is an entirely new way to get a temporary sunny glow. Employing the technology used in a professional airbrush makeup application, Terracotta Spray goes on in an ultra-light mist. Its homogeneous spray diffusion ensures a uniform application that covers every inch of the face evenly in just seconds.
Enhanced with the sunny perfume of the Tiare flower, Eau Sous le Vent is a delicious mist that hydrates the skin, amplifies the tan (thanks to the Tan Booster complex) and enchants the senses. Enriched with a vegetable protein, an abundant source of hydro-regulation, its formula helps protect skin against dryness and the intense heat of summer days. Apply in the morning to moisturize, after sun exposure to soothe or as a generous splash of summer fragrance to refresh the skin.
As the seasons change from winter through summer, women find that the tone of their complexion and their bronzing needs change as well. From the ultimate authority in bronzing comes Terracotta 4 Seasons: a variation in four steps to sculpt your tan all year long. The perfect gradation of caramelized tones, Terracotta 4 Seasons features four wonderfully matte shades to blend together to match every desire, skintone, or season for an authentic tan and an incredibly natural result. With endless possibilities for combining and layering, this new powder is essential for sculpting a perfectly tanned complexion. Its secret to unprecedented luminosity lies in the formula enriched with pure gold that plays within the four tones for a tan that maintains radiance, no matter what the season.
What it is: A retractable Kabuki brush inspired by the brushes used by traditional Japanese theater actors. What it does: This expert brush makes it possible to crush and perfectly smooth Terracotta bronzing powder over the skin for a seamlessly even and luminous result. Housed in a chic, black matte metal case, the brush has the perfect bristle density for applying just the right amount of pigment for flawless, streak-free color.
Whether you're a fair blonde or a dark brunette, you'll love Guerlain's newest formulation of classic, sunkissed powder. Ideal for all skin types, this ingenious mosaic of five shades of compact powder includes a complexion highlighter to create a natural-looking glow.
An exceptionally elegant eye makeup innovation, this ultra fine, loose powder, with a touch of iridescence, can be applied as an eyeliner using the wand applicator or applied as an eye shadow using the brush.
Discover the latest innovation from Guerlain: Terracotta Mineral. When Guerlain's legendary bronzing expertise unites with the power of minerals, the result is a natural-looking tan and a flawless finish, just like that of a sheer foundation. Applying your Terracotta powder is as easy as ever, thanks to its revolutionary format. Held in a clever, portable case with a mini professional Kabuki brush, the loose powder cannot escape!
Triple-action exfoliation evens tone, softens skin and illuminates. An oily gel formula moisturizes dry skin and leaves a subtle scent of a tropical escape.
A remarkable serum is your loyal ally in deepening and prolonging your tan. The Sun Serum is formulated with natural extracts from the bark of the carob and candeia trees helping to stimulate natural melanin production while also repairing and calming skin that has been exposed to sunlight. Day by day, you will gradually acquire a lovely, long-lasting, healthy glow.
With a subtle touch, a cool gel formula leaves a summery glow that's effortless to achieve. Upon application, it dissolves into the skin in a flash, creating instant color without streaks and eliminating the need to wait before dressing. Enriched with 100% natural Moroccan Argan Oil, the gel hydrates, protects and helps regenerate the skin for a smooth, flawless finish.
The Scent: Floral, aldehyde, and powdery 1936. Head Bergamot, Lavender, Estragon Heart Green Notes, Jasmine Base Iris, Sandalwood
Inspired by the outdoorsman whose presence evokes the richness and warmth of the earth, Vetiver captures the freshness and vitality of nature. An invigorating fragrance whose magic combines a very fresh note with a woody, spicy aura.
Rare. Daring. Enigmatic. Top notes: Bergamot, galbanum, and petitgrain. Heart notes: Jasmine, daffodil, and spices. Base notes: Wood, iris, vanilla, amber notes, and earthy forest note. Vol de Nuit derives its name from the novel by Antoine de Saint Exupery, which relates the drama and excitement of the early years of aviation. In the novel, a pilot, newly wed, loses control of his aircraft, while his wife in the control tower waits feverishly for a sign of life. Vol de Nuit is a vibrant homage to this moving love story and to women who know how to live with danger.
Tokyo leaves no one untouched. The surprising, completely alien metropolis embodies ultimate modernity, while respecting its traditions. Tokyo fascinates, Tokyo charms, Tokyo intrigues and Tokyo intimidates. A ground to tread and an atmosphere to soak in; green and floral, fresh and delicate, Paris-Tokyo evokes all the delicate subtlety of the Japanese capital. Notes: Top Notes: Green tea. Heart Notes: Jasmine, violet. Base Notes: Vanilla, hinoki.
Guerlain Eye & Lip Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $79.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The essence of color: one palette, four shades. Create, have fun and dare to wear color as an accessory. These palettes were specifically designed to be used together and can be mixed, matched and blended with no fear of mistakes. Application is extremely simple, intuitive, fun and risk-free! Choose your range: each palette offers iridescent, matte, satin and metallic shadows.
Guerlain Les Bleus #1 that is permanent.
A trend-setter one day and a sleek sophisticate the next, a woman's style changes with her mood. Transform your look with one palette, six colors. The possibilities are endless. This new Guerlain eyeshadow palette caters to your every whim, offering a range of iridescent, matte and satin shadows. Each palette bears the name of a Guerlain boutique in Paris. Choose your address!
Guerlain Chic Pink #1 that is permanent.
The perfect brush to define and create precision lines. Ideal for eyebrow and eyeline definition and for sharpening beneath the eyebrow and around the lip with your foundation.
Mould and shape your eye make-up to perfection. Illamasqua Blending Brush 1 has been expertly designed for use with both cream and powder textures, and it's moulded shape is perfect for a soft diffusion of colour or defined blending. All Illamasqua brushes are hypoallergenic and suitable for all skin types. Because we use advanced synthetic hairs instead of animal products, they're completely cruelty-free.
Challenging conventional blusher application, Illamasqua's all-new Blush Up Brush has an innovative, ellipse shaped head, designed to tuck directly under the cheekbone. Creating a soft diffusion of colour up onto the cheekbone, combine the Blush Up Brush with your favourite Powder Blusher Duo shades for a look that defines, elongates and slims the face in one simple movement.
Blusher Brush 1 can be used to apply both cream and powder textures for cheeks that captivate. The soft rounded tip is perfect for application to the apples of the cheeks. All Illamasqua brushes are hypoallergenic and suitable for all skin types. Because we use advanced synthetic hairs instead of animal products, they're completely cruelty-free.
Sculpt, shade, and spellbind with Illamasqua’s Blusher Brush 2, perfect for building color and defining the face. Use with both cream and powder products for looks that entice.
Brow defining lash enhancing gel by Illamasqua - Fast drying and firmly holds without flaking - Separates lashes and creates flawless brows
Shaped to fit the facial contours, this brush is a great way to apply liquid and cream foundations and cream blush enabling you to effectively sculpt the face.
Tease, hypnotise, use to effect. Use Cream Blusher to highlight your cheekbones, shape your face, build and blend with fingers or a brush to create the colour intensity you desire. Use over foundation for impact, or under for a captivating glow. However you apply it, be daring.
This intensely colour-rich, matt and crease-resistant formula has been designed for use on the face, eyes, lips and body. Apply with an Illamasqua brush or simply use your fingers for a buildable, water-resistant, highly pigmented finish.
Give your eyebrows the edge. Shape and define to frame your eyes and enhance your expressive side. Match with your natural colour or experiment with different tones for an alternative look. Use dry for soft definition or mixed with water or Sealing Gel for a sharp shape. Be strong, be striking, give your eyes attitude.
Illamasqua Eye Liner Cake is a Eyeliner that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
From subtle and smoky to uncompromisingly intense, create immaculate eyes that will have all others following yours. Illamasqua Eye Shadow Brush can be used with both cream and powder textures - be bold and experiment with Powder Eye Shadow, Liquid Metal and Pure Pigment. All Illamasqua brushes are hypoallergenic and suitable for all skin types. Because we use advanced synthetic hairs instead of animal products, they're completely cruelty-free.
A fine eye liner brush which is ideal for make-up bags and travel as it is stored in its own detachable handle to protect the brush when stored. Perfect to create a controlled flick eye liner style.
Detail, define, dazzle. The Illamasqua Fine Pencil gives you the power to be precise, making it ideal for shaping and shading your eyebrows, for a look with impact. Use it to frame your eyes or adorn your body, and set the stage for a night-time look that lasts. 
Create the perfect base for your work of art. Use the Illamasqua Foundation Brush to apply either cream or liquid foundation for a professional base that will stay flawless for hours. All Illamasqua brushes are hypoallergenic and suitable for all skin types. Because we use advanced synthetic hairs instead of animal products, they're completely cruelty-free.
Freak is a unisex concoction of exotic unconventional flowers, which Illamasqua has unashamedly blended together to celebrate the night. The rich and daringly provocative opening notes of Black Davana cast a magical spell of desire, while a compelling burnt orange bloom base is highly prized the world over for its ability to enhance the wearer's natural perfume. The subtle muskiness of Poison Hemlock haunts the background tone of Freak, adding alluring depths of mystery. Datura, the Moonflower, has an intoxicating scent that has long been used as a heady aphrodisiac. The exquisitely rare Queen of the Night blooms fleetingly for a single night each year and completes this daringly provocative concoction with its warm, soft floral scent touched with sweetness. Freak is encased in a beautifully ornate art deco-inspired bottle, tilted to one side, as though confirming to the dictates of an alternative reality. Its smoked glass dances in the light and features a delicate silver snail and its trail, symbolizing an addictive passionate path of desire that is both distinctive and unusually provocative. Notes: Black Davana, Opium Flower, Belladonna, Poison Hemlock, Datura and Queen of the Night blossom, Frankincense, Oud, Myrrh. Style: Exotic. Mysterious. Provocative.
What it is: A lightweight compact iridescent formulation that lifts and highlights wherever it is applied. What it does: Containing iridescent pearlescent pigments, this lightweight cream formula is suitable for face and body, lifting and highlighting wherever it is applied. Use on its own or layer under foundation for an immediate skin-brightening effect that will illuminate the night.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
Illuminate your alter ego. Use the Illamasqua Highlighter Brush to apply highlights to anywhere you'd like to draw attention; try it with Illuminator or Pure Pigment. Wonderfully versatile, this brush can also be used to buff Illamasqua Light Liquid or Skin Base Foundation onto the face, to create a long-lasting polished finish. All Illamasqua brushes are hypoallergenic and suitable for all skin types. Because we use advanced synthetic hairs instead of animal products, they're completely cruelty-free.
Illuminate your alter ego with this intense colour that highlights and enhances wherever it’s applied. Goes on wet but dries quickly, leaving a high-shine  reflective finish that lasts all night. Use it on cheek bones and brow bones, on the cupid's bow, on the centre of the eye lid or on any other part of your body where you want to draw attention. Not for those who want to keep their night quiet.
The Kabuki Body Brush’s super-soft bristles glide over skin, allowing for use with powder, cream, and fluid textures. 
A rounded edge flat lip brush which is ideal for make-up bags and travel as it is stored in its own detachable handle to protect the brush when stored. Perfect to create a precise lipstick application.
Let your lips speak volumes. Indulge in colour-intense lipstick with a highly pigmented formula, available in a choice of flawless finishes, from creamy matt to iridescent finishes. Illamasqua Lipstick glides on smoothly and doesn't give up without a fight for the perfect all-night pout. A must have for professional make-up artists, and those who want to make a statement.
A rich and highly pigmented metallic cream that grabs full attention wherever it's applied. Smooth onto eyes, face and body with fingers or a brush and prepare to take the spotlight.
What it is: A smudge-proof mascara that lengthens, shapes, and defines lashes. What it does: With one generous coat of this do-it-all mascara, your lashes will look longer, thicker, and expertly defined. The color is full and deep and helps produce a rich, intense finish.
An essential for any screen goddess, Illamasqua Matt Primer helps create a flawless, shine-free and long-lasting base. For use under foundation or on its own, this professional cream formula offers UVA and UVB protection and gives skin an even, matt finish. Prepare to impress.
Medium Pencil is one of our most versatile products. Their smooth cream texture smoothes onto skin to create sensuous lips, or sultry eye designs. They glide over face and body for a lasting, colour-true finish. Write a different story with every look.
Every artist must prepare their canvas. So prime your nails with Illamasqua Nail Base Coat before applying Illamasqua Nail Varnish. It glides easily onto nails to create a fast-drying protective layer that maximises colour adhesion and eliminates staining. Alternatively, use on its own for a clear, high-gloss finish. 
Protect your nails and add brilliance to your Illamasqua Nail Varnish with Illamasqua Nail Top Coat. Our quick-drying, clear, non-yellowing formula is easy to apply and creates an even, hardwearing, high-gloss finish that helps maintain colour intensity. For nails that scream to be noticed. 
Illamasqua Alarm is a red that is permanent and retails for $17.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
For after-dark drama at its most daring. Illamasqua False Eye Lashes are handmade and available in a range of styles and colours to create different impacts – from the stunning and dramatic to the romantic and sensual. Apply using the latex-free glue provided and combine with Illamasqua eye colours for eyes that hypnotize.
Ideal for applying powder products to both face and body, the luxuriously soft, large-headed Illamasqua Powder Brush glides effortlessly over skin to achieve the perfect finish. All Illamasqua brushes are hypoallergenic and suitable for all skin types. Because we use advanced synthetic hairs instead of animal products, they're completely cruelty-free.
Illamasqua Powder Blusher is a Blush that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Angst is a cool red with a matte finish that is permanent.
Create looks with attitude that no one can ignore. Precision Ink's fine tip allows for defined application. Long-lasting and waterproof it's perfect for use anywhere on the face and body to bring out your bold side. You can even use it as an nail art pen; simply seal with Illamasqua Top Coat.
A pure-pigment metallic powder that highlights cheeks, eyes, and brows in a shimmer finish. 
What it is: A primer that creates a stunning, dewy effect. What it does: It's important that an artist always prepares his or her canvas. Use this primer under your foundation or on its own for a smooth, even base that is protected from the elements. Containing UVA and UVB filters, Illamasqua Satin Primer lifts and highlights the face, creating a stunning dewy effect to enhance the siren within.
What it is: A sealing gel that keeps powder products in place so they last throughout the day. What it does: For looks with added impact, intensify your artistry with Illamasqua Sealing Gel. Mix with the Powder Eye Shadow, the Pure Pigment, or the Eye Liner Cake to create a color-intense paste that dries quickly and lasts for hours. Be bold, be original, and stand out from the crowd.
Super glossy, with a sensual, sheer colour designed to enhance your lips. Use Illamasqua Sheer Lipgloss on its own or with Illamasqua Lipstick for added pout. Add a little more sexiness to your smile.
Bring out the power of your eyes. Illamasqua Volume Mascara’s building formula lengthens, thickens and dramatises to extremes. The unique design of the brush ensures fully-loaded lashes, while the smudge-proof formula guarantees that it stays put long into the night. Use your eyes to tease, tempt, tantalise.
Illamasqua Neutral retails for $42.50 and contains 0.20 oz.
Illamasqua Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $34.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Bronzing Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $34.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Powder Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $42.50. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hydrates skin to feel more dense. Eye contour appears smoother and more radiant. Signs of fatigue appear minimized. Appearance of puffiness reduced. Youthful look of eye contour is revealed.
Absolue Eye Premium βx helps deeply replenish moisture and improve skin’s firmness and luminosity in the delicate eye area. Pro-Xylane™, a patented scientific innovation, helps restore essential moisture deep in skin's surface, replenishing the eye contour to improve firmness and luminosity. The replenishing Bio-Network™ of Wild Yam, Soy, Sea Algae and Barley helps complete the visible rejuvenation. Results: The eye contour appears smoother and more luminous. The eye area feels intensely moisturized and eyes look brightened. Within 4 weeks feel firmer skin.
Time can take a toll on your hands, so pamper them with a little love and this ultra-luxurious hand cream that lessens the look of age spots, while providing replenishing moisture and SPF 15 protection. A formula rich with Soy and Sea Algae helps reinforce elasticity and firmness, while Wild Yam intensely hydrates. Instantly, hands feel softer, suppler and relieved of uncomfortable dryness with a more even-toned, luminous look of youth.
Experience Lancôme’s revolutionary skincare innovation and our most powerful regenerating ingredient, Lancôme Rose Native Cells. Extracted from the heart of the rare and resilient Lancôme Rose using an exclusive, state-of-the-art biotechnological process, these native cells are proven to extend their own exceptional properties to enhance skin’s regenerative potential*. Each jar of Absolue L’Extrait contains up to 2 million of these precious native cells. Absolue L’Extrait helps reveal firmer, more elastic, more radiant skin for fascinating beauty.
Hydrates skin to feel more dense. Appearance of puffiness reduced. Youthful look of eye contour is revealed. Continues to improve the appearance of your skin during the night. Upon wakening wrinkles appear significantly reduced.
Absolue Night Premium βx helps deeply replenish moisture and improve skin’s firmness and clarity. Pro-Xylane™, a patented scientific innovation helps restore essential moisture deep in skin's surface, plumping it to help skin regain youthful substance, firmness and clarity. Skin wakes looking well-rested, more luminous. The replenishing Bio-Network™ of Wild Yam, Soy, Sea Algae and Barley helps complete the visible rejuvenation. Results: Skin feels intensely moisturized. By morning, skin feels more comfortable, signs of fatigue are visibly repaired. Within weeks, see a clearer complexion, feel smoother, more even-textured skin.
Hydrates skin to feel more dense. Cream melts into the skin and envelops the skin in silky comfort. Skin texture is luxuriously refined and has a more uniform color. Crow's feet, laugh lines and wrinkles appear reduced. The skin recovers the visible signs of younger skin.
Repair – Intense Moisture – Clarity. Lancôme Laboratories sets the new standard in skincare to fight visible effects of age and hormonal changes. Absolue Premium ßx SPF 15 Cream revolutionizes skin replenishment by combining two advanced discoveries in one luxuriously rich cream: Pro-Xylane™, a patented scientific breakthrough: an exceptional and precise molecule, restores essential moisture deep in the structure of skin’s surface. So skin regains youthful substance, firmness, and radiance – as if signs of aging are visibly repaired. The intensely replenishing ßio-Network™ – wild yam, soy, sea algae and barley – helps enhance performance for visible rejuvenation. See the transformation, verified by women*: Visible Repair: Wrinkles appear reduced. 85% experience improved elasticity and firmness.Intense Moisture: 91% feel skin is nurtured. Re-plumped with life.Clarity: A radiant, even skin tone is revealed.
The ultimate in cleansing, Absolue Premium Bx Advanced Creamy Foam Cleanser is enriched with ultra-efficient yet gentle cleansing agents to purify skin of makeup and impurities. The replenishing Bio-Network™ of Wild Yam, Soy, Sea Algae and Barley, helps restore elasticity and radiance, while helping prevent skin from drying out. Results: Skin is left perfectly cleansed, supple and soft, not at all tight. Day after day, skin feels toned, revitalized, denser.
Absolue Premium βx helps deeply replenish moisture and improve skin’s firmness. Pro-Xylane™, a patented scientific innovation helps to restore essential moisture from within, plumping it to help skin regain density, firmness and radiance. The replenishing Bio-Network™ of Wild Yam, Soy, Sea Algae and Barley helps complete the visible rejuvenation.
Lancôme Laboratories sets a new standard in age-targeted skincare with Absolue Premium ßx Toner to visibly replenish, repair and rejuvenate the look of skin. As part of your replenishing skincare routine, Absolue Premium ßx Toner - enriched with Pro-Xylane™ and with the replenishing ßio-Network™ of Wild Yam, Soy and Sea Algae - is designed to: - complete your cleansing regimen and intensely moisturize skin - help to give skin clarity and firmness - leave the skin feeling more replenished Exceptional results: > Skin is more supple, moisturized and radiant. > Day after day, skin feels more toned, elastic. Complexion is more luminous.
Bringing together scientific expertise, powerful molecules and unique sensorial textures, Lancôme explores the benefits of precious oils on enhancing skins beauty. A unique blend was discovered: Sublime Oleo-Serum. Meticulously selected for their affinity with skin, voluptuous Citrus and Camellia essential oils are blended in Absolue Sublime Oleo-Serum. Skin feels comfortable, firmer, and appears more radiant. Sublime Oleo-Serum, a new generation of nurturing yet lightweight oleo-textures is the first essential step of the Absolue collection for sublime beauty. Results: With the continuous use of this formula, your skin will look fresh, radiant and renewed. Skin will feel firmer and more supple. Experience the feeling of nurturing and comfort, for beautiful looking skin all day long.
Containing Pro-Xylane™, this formula acts to visibly rejuvenate skin by delivering intense hydration in skin’s surface. Along with the replenishing Bio-Network™, resiliency is restored, wrinkles are visibly reduced and slackened skin feels tightened. Containing Kojic acid, a highly potent clarifying ingredient, this formula helps target spots for a more uniform, complexion. Results: Skin feels softer, smoother. In 1 week, skin looks radiant, revitalized, and feels tightened, yet comfortable and hydrated. Within 4 weeks, elasticity is improved. Dark spots appear diminished and tone is improved. See beautifully luminous skin.
A unique nighttime serum containing Pro-Xylane™, a patented scientific innovation, helps restore essential moisture. This formula with the replenishing Bio-Network™ and Vigna Seed Extract* help boost nightly skin renewal. Results: By morning, skin feels softer and appears luminous. After 1 month, skin is plumped with moisture. After 2 months, clarity is revived and skin is noticeably firmer. Density and elasticity are visibly improved, wrinkles are reduced. Skin regains youthful radiance.
Rid your complexion of any redness and create the perfect canvas for foundation application with this amazing mineral primer that smoothes away fine lines, pores and imperfections instantly. The complexion perfecting formula contains a blend of yellow-based powder for flawless skin tone, and nourishing Aloe and Vitamin E for visibly softer, velvety-smooth skin. This powder can be worn alone or under foundation for lasting wear.
This full, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows. It quickly and evenly applies shadow to the lid for a smooth, flawless look.
This angled, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows. Its slightly rounded edges perfectly apply shadow to the crease and corners of the eye. Brush hairs are slightly more narrow for controlled application.
Not all eye shadow primers are created equal. But this primer makes promises it can keep—long-lasting shadow wear and vibrancy, with absolutely no creasing. The silky-smooth, waterproof formula holds pigment in place and delivers nude, barely-there color that evens out eyelids and leaves them with a natural, matte finish. Apply with fingertips under your favorite Lancôme shadow. Fragrance-free.
At last, eyeliner that’s here to stay. Formulated for an intense eye look to withstand everything from tears to inclement weather, this waterproof eyeliner has a unique twist tip that never needs sharpening. Won't skip, smudge or streak. The easy-glide, creamy texture helps you create any look you like.
his easy-to-handle, liquid pen features a uniquely shaped foam tip that lets you precision-line, shape and define your eyes. Won't scratch, tug or skip. Also features a unique combination of two film-forming polymers that make every look last even longer. Rich, deep, luminous colour pigments offer the most intense colour. The result: A precise, professional look.
These neon-translucent permanent shades saturate lips with comfort, moisture and lasting stain of color.
Infused with moisture, your skin will glow with vibrant health. Containing a unique moisture complex of 16 essential elements found in young skin at its very best, this formula is an ultra-charged drink for your skin. Absorbed instantly, Bienfait Aqua Vital continuously infuses ideal hydration for 24 hours. Results A surprisingly fresh, oil-free gel-cream texture: as comfortable as a cream, as lightweight as water. Your skin is instantly refreshed and makeup ready.
nfused with moisture, your skin will glow with vibrant health. Containing a unique moisture complex of 16 essential elements found in young skin at its very best, this formula is an ultra-charged drink for your skin. Absorbed instantly, Bienfait Aqua Vital continuously infuses ideal hydration for 24 hours. Results A surprisingly fresh, oil-free lotion texture: as comfortable as a cream, as lightweight as water. Your skin is instantly refreshed and makeup ready.
Dehydration lines around the eyes are visibly reduced. Enriched with caffeine, this formula helps to reduce the appearance of puffiness and dark circles. All skin types, even sensitive skin.
A high potency nighttime moisturizer to help skin optimize its moisture balance. Bienfait Multi-Vital Night with Vita-Nutri 8™ is a triple-action formula: Locks in moisture: a unique nurturing complex infuses moisture back into skin. Uncovers healthy-looking skin: stimulates skin vitality with an energizing complex of multi-minerals. The combination of Omega 3 & 6 with antioxidant Vitamins E and Cg helps strengthen skin's ability to defend itself against external aggressors. Results: Wake up to soft, smooth skin that looks its healthy best, even after a short amount of sleep - recharged, radiantly luminous, ready to face the day. Around-the-clock benefits for your skin: with daily use of Bienfait Multi-Vital day and night creams, your skin has virtually all it needs to function optimally. All skin types.
Containing a complex of nurturing Vitamins E, B5 and CG plus high potency moisturization, this greaseless formula provides 24-hour hydration. Your skin will look its healthy best and feel touchably soft all day. With Broad Spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen and essential antioxidant protection, Bienfait Multi-Vital gives your skin what it needs to help fight the visible effects of environmental skin damage. Results: Skin is hydrated, looks its healthy best , and feels touchably soft all day. Normal to dry skin, even sensitive skin.
This light-weight, oil-free broad spectrum sunscreen is fast-absorbing and a perfect choice to wear every day over your Lancôme moisturizer, under makeup or alone. All skin types, even sensitive skin.
This award-winning phenomenon gently whisks away all types of eye makeup, even waterproof. Simply shake to activate the bi-phase formula that leaves the eye area perfectly clean. The lipid phase lifts off eye makeup, while the water phase contains special emollients to refresh and condition skin without a greasy residue. Lifts off all types of eye makeup, even waterproof mascara, while conditioning the skin. Leaves eyes feeling cool and refreshed, with no oily residue. No wonder there’s a cult following.
This versatile, long-haired brush gradually tapers to a medium-size dome of soft, natural hair bristles. Its unique shape makes it ideal for applying shadow all over lids, softening eye contour colors, diffusing shadow pigments or setting concealer to perfection. Better tapered edge allows for softer blending.
This brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows. Designed with fine and densely packed fibers, this brush shades color and softens liner application around the lash line. Bristles are slightly more tapered for controlled detailing and blending.
Illuminating highlighting powders give the skin a light-reflecting, luminous glow. Wear alone or pair with other cheek products to create beautiful dimension on the face. Blends easily over skin for a natural, comfortable look. Long-wearing and fade-resistant color.
A new fresh glow blush to sculpt and enlighten the complexion . Designed to suit every skin tone, available in two different harmonies: Coral Electric: warms up the fair skins. Urban Ballet: adds a rosy halo on the darker skins. For a dewy finish, we recommend to use the Dewy Spray Mist after the blush application, with the Baume in Love to create a natural peachy look.
This luxuriously silky powder blush glides on with its own brush to color and contour for a flawless application every time. Color stays true for hours; versatile finish never looks dry or dull, thanks to moisture-balancing ingredients that keep skin feeling completely comfortable. Oil-free and oil-absorbing. Ideal for all skin types.
The velvety pampering touch of this innovative, handcrafted brush is pure bliss: indulgent and soft, this luxurious brush allows a bronzer or powder foundation to effortlessly fuse with the skin so you control the coverage from moderate to full.  The rounded brush head sweeps quickly and cleanly for a fool-proof and natural-looking complexion.
This compact, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all Lancôme powder blushes. It easily and evenly applies color to the cheeks. Improved design and hair quality reduces fall‑out, and the new rounded shape gives a better powder application.
This versatile, dual-ended natural-hair brush is the ideal partner to contour the face and create a customized, naturally sculpted look. The flat, oval shape gently lays product on the skin, while the flat circular tip gives a precise application.
Give your lashes an XL boost. With just one sweep, this innovative mascara base glides on and evenly coats and smoothes your lashes to maximize the results of your favorite Lancôme mascara. The magic behind this mascara base is the conditioning formula—featuring micro-fibers and Vitamin E - to add extra length and thickness to your lashes for added visible performance to your mascara.
Make a statement with these shadow singles designed by Lancôme Global makeup artists. Available in a variety of chic shades and finishes—from shimmer to sheen and metallic to matte—to complement every wardrobe. Lancôme’s Micro-aired technology promises effortless application and smooth-gliding color that’s beautifully blendable. The long-lasting, pigment-packed color stays true for daylong wear.
New limited edition super-hydrating lip balm to enhance lips with a tint of popping, fresh sheer color. Pamper your lips with long-lasting comfort with this shine-boosting balm that smoothes on deep replenishing moisture, and a veil of SPF sun protection. 
Beyond longwear. Vibrant color. 24 hours. Crease-free. A revolution in eye shadow. Now, a unique creamy-powder texture creates effortlessly luminous, lasting looks. Purity of color meets exceptional long wear, for infinite intensity. Available in 15 shades. 24 Hours of Wear Luminous eye color that stays true for 24 hours without creasing. A revolutionary formula offers a silky, powder-to-cream texture that lasts all day and all night. 24 Hours of Vibrant Color Instant eye color, infinite intensity. The highest level of pearl and pigment creates an intensely luminous makeup result, with blendable, buildable coverage.
If your lips long for full, fade-free color in tempting textures, and a shade selection that would inspire any makeup artist; the search is over. This luxurious lipstick is infused with soothing ingredients, so lips feel soft and comforted all day. Choose from five fabulous finishes: cream, sheen, shimmer, metallic and matte.
A gloss that drenches lips in captivating color and mega-watt shine that’s downright dazzling. With one gliding stroke, lips look more sensual and voluptuous, thanks to Lancôme’s Vinyl Shine System that keeps color vibrant, and shine luminous and lasting without any sticky or tacky feeling. Moisture-boosting ingredients ensure lips feel soft, smooth and comforted all day. Application is always flawless with the unique Lip-Sculpt™ applicator that contours the curves of your lips perfectly in a variety of gorgeous shades.
This lip plumper promises a voluptuous pout with a high-shine finish. The formula contains Lancôme’s Sensorial Volume Effect, a unique combination of cooling menthol and hydrating poly-oils that plump lips while soothing them with comforting moisture for up to 6 hours. Wear as a primer under your favorite Lancôme lipstick, or alone as a gorgeous gloss.
This easy-to-clean, synthetic brush is the ideal partner to all concealers. The tapered edge lays down just the right amount of coverage to camouflage imperfections, including dark circles, without settling into lines. Can also be used to apply cream eye shadows. The softer, more graduated tip allows for more even, controlled blending.
Discover the new sensory experience of cleansing. Pure pampering pleasure. This sophisticated cleanser with antioxidant White Lotus and soothing Rose de France transforms from a cream to an oil and instantly removes makeup. Immediately skin texture and tone are refined. Skin is velvety soft and smooth.br> How to use: Massage onto dry skin. Emulsify by adding lukewarm water, then rinse thoroughly.
Rich and gentle, this luxurious creamy cleanser delivers a voluptuous foam to melt away makeup, even waterproof, and dissolve impurities. The instantly comforting formula with nourishing Rosehip Oil and soothing Rose de France cleanses skin leaving it soft, supple and satiny-smooth. Skin looks radiant, feels soft and smooth. Skin is soothed and comforted, with a strengthened moisture barrier to preserve it from dryness.
A Luxurious Balance of Science and Nature: Reveal Purified, Pampered Skin. This gentle cream-to-foam cleanser with antioxidant White Lotus and soothing Rose de France penetrates deep into the pores without over-drying to gently remove makeup, even waterproof, dissolve impurities and purify the skin. Massage over wet face and throat. Rinse with lukewarm water. Follow with Tonique Radiance for clarified and luminous skin.
For lavishly long, perfectly defined lashes, this iconic award-winning mascara provides the ultimate in separation. Carefully selected polymers coat each lash from root to tip, to help lengthen and outline each lash for unmatched definition. This best-selling mascara’s unique brush applicator has specially grooved bristles that hold the perfect amount of product for gradual, even application every time.
The most beautiful eyes have a secret. Experience the first caring mascara from Lancôme that improves the condition of lashes*.  Reveal beautifully defined, fuller, stronger lashes. Its secret is the Lash Densifier Complex, with a precious plant cell extract, which helps regenerate lash condition, so they’re stronger, denser and less likely to fall-out during makeup removal.
With one sweep of the wand, this mascara delivers it all: the same fabulous lengthening, separating and lash defining power of Définicils in a waterproof formula that’ll withstand tears and and inclement weather without smudging or smearing. Carefully selected polymers coat each lash from root to tip to help lengthen and outline each lash for superb definition. The unique brush applicator has specially grooved bristles that hold the perfect amount of product for gradual, even application every time.
Dewy Mist is a beauty water to be applied before make‐up to prepare the skin; and/ or after the make‐up to fix it. It has well‐known caring properties thanks to its 100% natural origin ingredients.
This versatile dual-ended brush is the ideal partner to eye shadows, both powder (wet or dry) and cream shadows. Designed with two sides for portability and convenience: the flat, angled side precisely lines the lid and lower lash line, while the tapered, rounded side perfectly blends. Angled side cut at sharper angle for better lining and use in the brow.
This versatile dual-ended brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows and NEW Liner Design Long Wear Calligraphy Gel EyeLiner. Designed with two sides for portability and convenience: the sleek tip applies shadow and gel eyeliner precisely and evenly to the perimeter of the eye, while the tapered, flat rounded side perfectly smudges shadow or gel eyeliner for a smoky, softly lined look. 
Gently whisk away all non-waterproof eye makeup in an instant. Oil-free and water-fresh, this gentle liquid cleanses and comforts, leaving the delicate eye contour area feeling cool and relaxed, with no oily residue.
For dry skin. Formulated with honey, almond and yeast extracts plus micro-spheres to remove dry spots. The creamy formula helps to leave skin feeling smooth, comfortable and clean.
Brighten up lackluster skin with this refreshing gel formula for normal and combination skin. Formulated with white wax micro-beads, ultra-fine exfoliating grains and a cocktail of pineapple and papaya extracts to gently slough off dull skin layers and remove impurities. Leaves the skin clean, smooth and toned for a simply radiant complexion.
Slough away dull, dry skin with this luxurious lathering body scrub that invigorates smoothes and softens on contact. Infused with nourishing Pro Vitamin B5 and gentle buffing grains, you’ll delight at how radiant and refreshed your skin will look and feel. And the fresh, floral scent is pure heaven.
Show off legs that have a sexy sun-kissed glow with this refreshing self-tanning gel that smoothes on an even, natural-looking tan in just 30 minutes. A formula featuring DHA, Natural Caramel Extract and beauty-boosting micro-pearls guarantees gorgeous golden color, while antioxidant-rich pure Vitamin E helps keep free radicals from doing future damage, So your legs will look lovely and luminous all year-round.
A perfect balance of self-tanning and moisturizing ingredients helps to achieve an ideal color, providing an even, natural-looking golden tan. Color development within 30 minutes, lasting up to 5 days. Enriched with highly concentrated anti-aging ingredients to help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, leaving the skin feeling tighter, more resilient and toned.
Be a bronzed beauty instantly with this tinted self tanner that kisses the complexion with a gorgeous, golden tan in just 30 minutes. A formula featuring DHA, Natural Caramel Extract and beauty-boosting micro-pearls promises a long-lasting, sun-lit look that lasts up to 5 days. And antioxidant-rich pure Vitamin E helps fend off future free radical damage to help skin look younger and more radiant.
This easy-to-clean, synthetic bristled brush is the perfect partner to all liquid foundations. The tapered edge blends liquid makeup for a natural, even look. Brush hairs are softer, and have a more graduated tip for even, controlled blending.
Smooth and gentle, this emollient-rich, milky cream cleanser gently melts away makeup and impurities. The instantly comforting formula contains Honey and Sweet Almond Extracts to condition and pamper skin, leaving it feeling clean, silky-soft and soothed. Rinse or tissue off.
Freshen-up your skin with a deep, gentle clean. This fresh, oil-free micro-bead gel formula instantly removes makeup and impurities without stripping away essential moisture. Formulated with the exclusive Dermo-Guide System™, this cleanser works deeply within the pores to absorb excess oil before it becomes visible. Skin is deeply cleansed and shine-free, left looking and feeling fresh. Pores are tightened and refined.
Rinse away the impurities of the day with this clarifying gel cleanser that won’t strip away skin’s essential moisture. This unique gel formula water-activates into refreshing foam to gently remove makeup and impurities. Skin feels squeaky clean, soft, smooth and looks beautifully radiant.
Génifique helps create more youthful-looking skin. Specially formulated for the delicate eye area, this gel-cream leaves the eye area feeling velvety soft. Results: See visibly younger, brighter eyes in just 7 days. Dark circles, fine lines, eye bags* and under-eye circles seem to diminish, and the eye area looks fresh and luminous.
Lancôme’s night care helps create a more youthful-looking skin by intensely hydrating and promoting skin's natural exfoliation, a characteristic of young skin. Results: Wake to refreshed skin. Signs of fatigue and aging appear reduced. Skin's quality looks improved; its luminosity is restored.
This staple formula, featuring the Refill-3X complex, helps reduce the number, depth and size of wrinkles for visibly renewed smoothness. Visibly diminishes dark circles Helps reduce the appearance of under-eye puffiness
This staple formula, featuring the Refill-3X complex, helps reduce the number, depth and size of wrinkles for visibly renewed smoothness. Upon waking: skin feels smoother, looks refreshed and hydrated.
This staple formula, featuring the Refill-3X complex, helps reduce the number, depth and size of wrinkles for visibly renewed smoothness. Skin is protected from daily UV damage
This unique brush features synthetic and natural bristles for versatile effects. Provides the lightest application of highlighters, blush and face powders for a flawless, professional look. Denser brush hairs absorb more product for applying color, or buffing off excess pigments.
Experience the ultimate all-in-one cleansing oil that instantly dissolves face and eye makeup, even waterproof. This formula with antioxidant White Lotus and moisturizing Japan Cedar Bud removes impurities that clog pores while leaving skin soft, soothed and protected. Thoroughly cleanses skin while keeping it balanced and soft. Immediately, the complexion looks and feels perfectly pure, clean and velvety-soft. Skin texture and tone are refined. Skin looks radiant, and is velvety soft and dewy, without any greasy after-feel.
Revive dry, dehydrated skin with a burst of invigorating moisture with this rich, yet lightweight lotion that comforts on contact. Nourishing Vitamin E, Pro Vitamin B5 and Apricot Kernel Oil envelop skin in a veil of long-lasting hydration, so if feels softer, smoother and more beautiful than ever. And the fresh, floral scent is altogether invigorating.
If your skin looks dehydrated, this 5-minute moisture facial restores moisture balance. Diminishes the appearance of dry lines. Leaves skin looking smooth and perfectly hydrated.
Turn up the volume of your lashes 6 times for instant come-hither, hypnotizing eyes. Tiny, barely-there lashes are no match for the patented POWERFULL™ brush that thickens lashes from root to tip with custom volume you can control. And the exclusive, fluid SoftSculpt ™ formula, enriched with Vitamin B5, wraps lashes one luxurious layer at a time without smearing, smudging or clumping.
The secret behind doll lashes, finally revealed! Lancôme's most flirtatious lash look. A volumized, extended and full lash fringe for a wide-eye look. The secret behind this amazing result? A new, unique, cone-shaped brush provides an extremely smooth and clean application, precisely defining even your hard-to-reach corners and lower lashes. Combined with the exclusively developed FiberShineTM formula, it sculpts, curls and loads each lash for the ultimate shiny lash fringe. Lift and thicken every single lash without weighing it down. Push up your lashes for your most flirty, wide open eye look.
Get instant lash drama in a single coat with this ultra volume-boosting mascara that’ll take lashes from so-so to show-stopping. The full contact brush, with its S-shaped curve, grasps and loads lashes for a fanned out, full body fringe. Lancôme’s luxe Texturizing Complex features highly saturated waxes and intense black pigments for maximum lash volume. The triple coating system delivers a fluid and creamy application to quickly and easily build big, battable lashes that won’t clump or flake.
Get instant lash drama in a single coat with this ultra volume-boosting mascara that’ll take lashes from so-so to show-stopping. The full contact brush, with its S-shaped curve, grasps and loads lashes for a fanned out, full body fringe. Lancôme’s luxe Texturizing Complex features highly saturated waxes and intense black pigments for maximum lash volume. The triple coating system delivers a fluid and creamy application to quickly and easily build big, battable lashes that won’t clump or flake.
Intense Volume, Curled Lashes. Get your star lash look with the new dual-sided brush. Lashes are enhanced with a liner effect, looking thick at the lashline, long and luscious through the tips.
Dress lashes with a hint of sparkle. Hypnôse 24-Karat Top Coat makes lashes appear luscious and fuller as the smudge- and clump-resistant formula keeps lashes soft and supple throughout the day. Wear alone or over your favorite mascara.
Our ultimate buildable volume mascara that increases lash volume up to 6 times is now in a waterproof version with 16 hour wear. Tiny, barely-there lashes are no match for the patented POWERFULL™ brush that intensifies lashes from root to tip with custom volume you can control. The exclusive SoftShield™, waterproof formula, enriched with Vitamin B5, wraps and seals lashes one luxurious layer at a time without smearing, smudging or clumping.
Lancome Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This ultra shiny gloss sweeps on a sheer, sexy wash of color in a variety of shades and flavors. You’ll love the ultra-glossy formula that glides on easily with its tube-tip applicator. Perfectly portable, this essential gloss discreetly slips in a pocket or purse for a quick fix of fabulous anytime.
Lancôme essential Khol is reinterpreted in 3 new shades and a new gliding, smudge proof and ultra pigmented formula. All colours have been created to be worn alone for a natural look or coordinated with the Ombre Hypnose In Love monos for a more sophisticated make‐up result. Create a sensual, intense eye look with ease. This smudgy, creamy-smooth eye pencil delivers a dose of decadent color that glides on effortlessly and blends beautifully. In an instant, eyes are perfectly lined, defined and contoured for a smoldering effect that’s absolutely irresistible.
For gorgeous, picture-perfect makeup like a pro, this primer promises a smooth, radiant, canvas for a flawless makeup look. Lancôme’s exclusive Elasto-Smooth™ technology refines skin’s texture and diffuses light to visibly reduce imperfections with a satiny-soft finish. Makeup glides on effortlessly and color stays truer and more vibrant for that right-off-the-runway, air-brushed look that lasts until you take it off. Oil-free.
An impossibly sensuous lip lacquer that combines vibrant concentrated color and unprecedented shine in one stroke. From the moment of application, densely pixilated pearls deliver multi-dimensional shine that truly holds, so you’ll be touch up-free for 8 hours. And the soft-sculpt applicator smoothes on a perfectly even layer of impeccable color, and contours lips so they look lush, full and completely kissable.
Not your arch enemy, this precision-crafted tool makes shaping and contouring brows a breeze. Specifically designed to make removing hairs faster and easier, this tool delivers professional-looking results each and every time.
“La vie est belle”, a French expression meaning “Life is beautiful”; the manifesto of a new era. Universal yet personal, Lancôme’s femininity is a choice embraced by women, not an imposed standard. The choice to live one’s life and fill it with beauty. Your own way. Lancôme has long fostered this conviction, and shares it today with all women in the form of an exceptional creation. The fragrance of joyful femininity and happiness. The fragrance that makes life more beautiful. La vie est belle introduces a new olfactive story, the first ever iris gourmand. The juice is made with the most precious natural ingredients, a modern interpretation of an oriental fragrance with a twist of gourmand. It entwines the elegance of iris with the strength of Patchouli and the sweetness of a gourmand blend; for an incredible scent with depth and complexity.
With one sweep this gloss delivers creamy color, intense hydration and elegant shine. Its innovative formula features the most powerful anti-aging ingredient from Lancôme research (Pro-Xylane™ Concentrated) in its most potent form, to help boost hydration from within the skin. Lips are instantly moisturized and remain comfortable for up to 10 hours.
With one sweep this gloss delivers creamy color, intense hydration and elegant shine. Its innovative formula features the most powerful anti-aging ingredient from Lancôme research (Pro-Xylane™ Concentrated) in its most potent form, to help boost hydration from within the skin. Lips are instantly moisturized and remain comfortable for up to 10 hours.
A liquid rouge with a matte finish. Inspired by Tresor Midnight Rose and the majestic hue of purple, Midnight Roses--Lancome's Fall 2012 Color Collection--evokes mischievous femininity and glamour. L'Absolu Creme de Mat combines the gentleness of a gloss and the coverage of a lipstick with a deep velvety finish on the lips. Three limited edition shades, ranging from bright red to profound burgundy, will cover every look from day to night. The precise-angled, tapered tip applicator ensures an even and coutoured application.
A liquid rouge with a matte finish. Inspired by Tresor Midnight Rose and the majestic hue of purple, Midnight Roses--Lancome's Fall 2012 Color Collection--evokes mischievous femininity and glamour. L'Absolu Creme de Mat combines the gentleness of a gloss and the coverage of a lipstick with a deep velvety finish on the lips. Three limited edition shades, ranging from bright red to profound burgundy, will cover every look from day to night. The precise-angled, tapered tip applicator ensures an even and coutoured application.
The 1st Ultra caring lipstick with Pro-Xylane™ in a new infinitely light texture. Enriched with enhancing pigments to reveal the radiance of beautifully replenished lips. Enhance your natural lip tone in a veil of shiny, translucent color. 16 shades to perfectly match your lip tone.
The 1st Ultra caring lipstick with Pro-Xylane™ in a new infinitely light texture. Enriched with enhancing pigments to reveal the radiance of beautifully replenished lips. Enhance your natural lip tone in a veil of shiny, translucent color. 16 shades to perfectly match your lip tone.
Wrap your lips in rich, satiny color with this deeply replenishing lipstick. Infused with moisture-boosting Pro-Xylane™, lips stay moist, soft and comfortable for up to 8 hours. Antioxidant-rich Vitamin E and SPF 12 help keep lips safe from environmental aggressors, so they’ll look and feel healthier day after day. The stay true color won’t feather, flake or fade, so your pout will always look picture-perfect.
This full, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows. It quickly and evenly sweeps shadow across the eyelid for a flawless, professional look. The improved hair quality allows for better pigment pickup.
An automatic lip pencil that never needs sharpening and glides on easily, for daylong definition and rich, creamy color. The anti-feathering formula won’t fade, budge or smudge, so your lipstick lasts longer and looks fresh for hours.
Create a sensual, intense eye look with ease. This smudgy, creamy-smooth eye pencil delivers a dose of decadent color that glides on effortlessly and blends beautifully. In an instant, eyes are perfectly lined, defined and contoured for a smoldering effect that’s absolutely irresistible.
Turn sparse, barely-there brows into ones that appear fabulously full. This dual-ended brow pencil and brush shape, shade and groom for a perfectly polished look every time. The silky-soft, long-wearing formula of this all-in-one-essential is easy to apply and smoothes on blendable color that always looks natural.
Dramatic lasting curl. Surprisingly gentle. Introducing Le Curler, the latest innovation from Lancôme for instant lift and lasting curl. Its specially designed hinge and no-slip grip give you ultimate control to prevent pinching and pulling for the most dramatic lash result. So gentle on your lashes, the unique silicone pads guard against lash breakage and cushion every lash for a sweeping, crease-free curl. The precise curved design of the curler fits any eye shape and lash type, and easily captures all of your lashes. This combination of hinge, curve and silicone pads will ensure you’re applying just the right amount of pressure every time for a beautiful lash look. Finally... effortless curling your lashes will love!
This creamy-soft, waterproof pencil with a built-in brush that defines and contours lips with rich, sumptuous color. The comfortable, smudge-resistant formula glides on effortlessly and prevents lipstick from feathering and bleeding, for a look that’s always fresh. Wear alone or under your favorite Lancôme Lip Color.
At last, eyeliner that’s here to stay. Formulated for an intense eye look to withstand everything from tears to inclement weather, this waterproof eyeliner has a unique twist tip that never needs sharpening. Won't skip, smudge or streak. The easy-glide, creamy texture helps you create any look you like.
At last, eyeliner that’s here to stay. Formulated for an intense eye look to withstand everything from tears to inclement weather, this waterproof eyeliner has a unique twist tip that never needs sharpening. Won't skip, smudge or streak. The easy-glide, creamy texture helps you create any look you like.
Les paillettes aux yeux 'Eye glitter' contains loose sparkles. Very easy to apply, these sparkles are proposed in a shaker jar which displays the right amount of product. The very powdery formula of les paillettes au yeux is easily blending while offering a intense glow thanks to the golden jewel like shimmers it contains. les paillettes aux yeux are to be used as a top coat over the ombre Hypnose Mono in order to dramatize its glittering effect.
Take your lashes to great lengths with this must-have mascara that extends lashes up to 60% instantly! The exclusive Fibrestretch™ formula turns the tiniest, finest lashes from barely-there to infinite lengths. And the patented Extreme Lash brush attaches supple fibers to every eyelash for an instant lash extension effect that’s utterly unforgettable. Ophthalmologist Tested.
Take your lashes to great lengths with this must-have mascara that extends lashes up to 60% instantly! The exclusive Fibrestretch™ formula turns the tiniest, finest lashes from barely-there to infinite lengths. And the patented Extreme Lash brush attaches supple fibers to every eyelash for an instant lash extension effect that’s utterly unforgettable. Ophthalmologist Tested.
Gorgeous, glamorous lashes that stay picture-perfect, even through inclement weather and a few tears, are now yours. This must-have mascara that extends your lashes up to 60% instantly, now does it with a long-wearing, waterproof formula that won’t smudge or budge. Lancôme’s exclusive Fibrestretch™ technology turns the tiniest, finest lashes from barely-there to infinite lengths. And the patented Extreme Lash brush attaches supple fibers to every eyelash for an instant lash extension effect that’s utterly unforgettable. Ophthalmologist Tested.
Gorgeous, glamorous lashes that stay picture-perfect, even through inclement weather and a few tears, are now yours. This must-have mascara that extends your lashes up to 60% instantly, now does it with a long-wearing, waterproof formula that won’t smudge or budge. Lancôme’s exclusive Fibrestretch™ technology turns the tiniest, finest lashes from barely-there to infinite lengths. And the patented Extreme Lash brush attaches supple fibers to every eyelash for an instant lash extension effect that’s utterly unforgettable. Ophthalmologist Tested.
Intense Precision. Long Lasting Lines. Create captivating eyes with long lasting lines. A rich and creamy texture glides on in deep, luminous pigments. Design a defined, intense line in one easy brush stroke. Blend out for a smoky, dramatic look. Smudgeproof and Waterproof.
Mysterious. Exotic. Enigmatic. MAGIE NOIRE is a mysterious, bewitching and flamboyant fragrance that embodies passion in its purest form. This oriental fragrance is an exotic blend of Bulgarian Rose, Jasmine and Patchouli notes that capture the mystery of seduction, the mystery of love at first sight. Top Notes: Bulgarian Rose, Blackcurrant Bud Heart Notes: Jasmine, Ylang-Ylang Base Notes: Amber, Sandalwood, Patchouli
Luxurious, rich and deeply moisturizing, this lotion offers a wonderful way to experience MIRACLE, the sparkling floral fragrance. Skin is instantly enveloped with silky moisture for lasting comfort. Perfect after the bath or shower for satiny-smooth, sensually scented skin.
Keep brows perfectly in place with this lightweight gel that brushes on easily for natural-looking definition. The unique formula is made to work alone or over a brow pencil for a flawless, well-groomed look. Perfectly portable for on-the-go touch-ups anytime.
Air-light, smooth and gentle, this magnificent mousse instantly melts away makeup and surface impurities without leaving skin feeling tight or uncomfortable. The water activating formula foams into a rich lather to leave skin feeling fresh and clean. Skin is cleansed in just seconds. See soft, smooth, fresh skin.
Moisturizes - Smoothes - Illuminates A Luxurious moisturizing Fragrance body lotion that offers the unique experience of La vie est belle. Your skin is instantly smoothed and illuminated to its most beautiful self.
The legendary treatment for very dry skin. Beloved since 1936, is back by popular demand. This extra rich all-purpose cream helps soothe and smooth skin. Shields against the drying effects of sun, wind, cold and other moisture-depleting conditions. An excellent all-purpose cream.
Immediate relief and long-lasting comfort for dry to very dry skin. Nurture very dry skin back to supple softness. Rescue your skin from serious dryness with Nutrix Royal. This rich, non-greasy cream instantly relieves uncomfortable tightness and softens the fine, feathery lines caused by extreme dehydration. Containing the unique Royal-Lipideum™ complex, enriched with Royal Jelly, this formula helps your skin retain moisture by supplementing its own natural lipids. Results: Intensely hydrated skin that feels soft and supple 24 hours a day. With renewed levels of moisture-trapping lipids, your skin feels cocooned and insulated from the daily effects of climate and seasonal change.
Rescue extremely dry, dehydrated skin with this sumptuous cream that locks in nourishing moisture for 24 hours. Feelings of tightness virtually disappear, thanks to Lancôme's ultra hydrating formula that's enriched with Royal Jelly for lasting comfort. Almost immediately, skin feels smooth, supple and cushiony-soft. For best results, apply to body when skin is still damp.
Carefree. Enticing. Surprising. Drift away on a sensual voyage off the Mediterrean coast with Ô D'AZUR. The fruity-floral scent captures the feeling of relaxed sensuality on a late summer afternoon where the warm golden sand is complimented by the sparkling blue ocean. Top Notes: Sicilian Bergamot, Calabria Lemon essence Heart Notes: Rose, Peony Base Notes: Modern woody notes, Musk
Carefree. Enticing. Surprising. Drift away on a sensual voyage off the Mediterrean coast with Ô D'AZUR. The fruity-floral scent captures the feeling of relaxed sensuality on a late summer afternoon where the warm golden sand is complimented by the sparkling blue ocean. Top Notes: Sicilian Bergamot, Calabria Lemon essence Heart Notes: Rose, Peony Base Notes: Modern woody notes, Musk
Sparkling. Spontaneous. Exhilarating. Awake in the dewy grass of an early summer's morning with Ô DE LANCÔME. An emblematic fresh-citrus fragrance originally created in 1969, Ô DE LANCÔME is a sparkling flurry of citrus and flowers that delivers a fresh, clean scent that evokes spontaneity. Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Mandarin Heart Notes: Basil, Rosemary, Coriander, Jasmine, Honeysuckle Base Notes: Oak Moss, Sandalwood, Vetiver, Patchouli
Radiant. Serene. Irresistible. Lose yourself in the fragrant orange blossoms of a serene French garden with Ô DE L'ORANGERIE. The fruity-floral scent is radiant with a hint of citrus. Top Notes: Orange zest, Orange Blossom essential oil Heart Notes: Orange Blossom absolute, Jasmine Base Notes: Cedar, Benzoin
Radiant. Serene. Irresistible. Lose yourself in the fragrant orange blossoms of a serene French garden with Ô DE L'ORANGERIE. The fruity-floral scent is radiant with a hint of citrus. Top Notes: Orange zest, Orange Blossom essential oil Heart Notes: Orange Blossom absolute, Jasmine Base Notes: Cedar, Benzoin
Take your lashes to a whole new level with this revolutionary vibrating mascara that delivers 7,000 oscillations per minute to re-create the application technique of a makeup artist. This lash-transforming powerhouse does it all: lengthens, separates and multiplies with just the press of a button. In an instant, you’ll experience a breakthrough sensation in application as the vibrating brush, combined with an exquisitely smooth formula, wraps every lash up to 360°. You’re lashes will be utterly transformed before your eyes.
The next generation of vibrating mascara: High voltage lash transformation. Intensifies every single lash. Hyper-extends. Visibly multiplies. Lancôme's next generation of Ôscillation: new conical-shaped PowerBrush combined with exclusive Boldblack formula creates a bold, clean lash look. With over 7000 oscillations per minute, the PowerBrush precisely distributes formula to lift, separate and intensify every single lash. Lashes are generously wrapped 360° degrees, appearing hyper-extended and visibly multiplied for a most eye opening effect.
Let your lashes reach their full potential with this vibrating lash primer and conditioner. The power behind this primer is a combination of the oscillating brush and an innovative formula containing the Crescentia™ Complex that nurtures fragile, fine lashes. The gentle vibrations from the wand help massage the nourishing formula into each lash for exceptional lash extension you’ll notice day after day. Apply under your favorite Lancôme mascara for visibly longer, fuller, more fabulous lashes instantly.
Discover the new Ombre Hypnose Mono limited edition adorned with golden glitters especially for this holiday collection. This luxurious jewel like case encloses a treasure new formula. Woven like mesh fabric, this fine texture offer a very sparkling formula to create the most dynamic and scintalling eye effects. Pure Golden pigments combined with this soft and bouncy formula offer an excellent pick up and pay off for a color that lasts for up to 16 hours. This formula can be used dry or wet to increase the color intensity.
Introduced in 1995, Poeme by Lancome is recommended for evening use and features notes of many florals including mimosa, white flowers, rose, and the scent of vanilla.
This full, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all powders. The improved design and hair quality reduces fall‑out, and the new rounded shape provides better powder application.
This versatile natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all blush products. The wide, flat bristled head precisely and evenly applies powder blush and cream-to-powder color. The improved quallity and slightly denser brush hairs allows for better powder pickup.
This versatile, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows. It easily applies shadow for precise shade placement and evenly sweeps shadow across the eyelid. The improved hair quality allows for better pigment pickup.
This eye cream protects the delicate eye area. Combats and minimizes the appearance of premature signs of aging.
If your skin needs a clean sweep this 5-minute purifying facial removes excess oils and helps reduce the appearance of pores. Leaves skin looking perfectly clean and refined.
his pore refining scrub with purifying micro-beads deeply cleans and helps oil and shine disappear for fresh, pure, matte skin. Zinc Gluconate limits the visible effects of excess sebum while salicylic acid unclogs pores. Skin is transformed, pure and lastingly matte. Pores are tightened and refined. Skin is touchably soft. Use two to three times a week.
Skin truth Youthful-looking eyes are the key to a youthful-looking face. The eye area is the most delicate part of the face, so it is the first area to show the signs of aging. Lancôme innovation Eye care at its peak. Lancôme introduces its ultimate eye care system, Rénergie Eye Multiple Action, a unique combination of two treatments for six visible anti-aging actions. – Eyelids are visibly lifted – The appearance of fine lines and wrinkles is virtually erased – The eye contour looks firmer – Under-eye bags are visibly deflated – Dark circles appear faded – The eye contour looks illuminated The eye area is visibly revitalized. In just 4 weeks, the whole face looks up to 5 years younger.
Lift, Firm, Tighten Our new multi-action lifting & firming effect. All facial zones are visibly tightened. Rénergie Lift Multi-Action Lifting and Firming Cream Lancôme creates its first lifting skincare enriched with Multi-Tension technology. Visible Results: In just 1 week, skin feels firmer and denser.* In 4 weeks, all facial zones are visibly tightened and skin looks visibly younger.**
Lift, Firm, Tighten Our new multi-action lifting & firming effect. All facial zones are visibly tightened. Rénergie Lift Multi-Action Lifting and Firming Cream Lancôme creates its first lifting skincare enriched with Multi-Tension technology. Visible Results: In just 1 week, skin feels firmer and denser.* In 4 weeks, all facial zones are visibly tightened and skin looks visibly younger.**
Lift, Firm, Tighten Our new multi-action lifting & firming effect. All facial zones are visibly tightened. Rénergie Lift Multi-Action Lifting and Firming Eye Cream Lancôme creates its first lifting skincare enriched with Multi-Tension technology.
Redefine facial contours with our new multi-action lifting and firming effect. With time, alterations in the skin's structure can affect firmness causing the skin to lose its youthful quality. A visible improvement in skin tightening helps restore skin's youthful look. Rénergie Lift Multi-Action features Multi-Tension technology, designed to target skin layers. In four weeks, wrinkles appear reduced and skin looks smoother. Skin texture appears firmer, denser and replenished.
A dual action Volumetric Lift: - Lifting Action: sagging eyelids recover a young, lifted look. - Contouring Action: natural firmness is visibly regained and the eye contour appears redefined. Dark circles and puffiness seem to disappear. Youthful eye contours return for skin that is visibly lifted, firmer and reshaped.
Unique G-F-Volumetry support cellular communication. Smoothes and firms facial contour. The jawline appears more defined and youthful.
Skin cells need to communicate with each other constantly. Such communication is key to helping maintain the support structure that keeps the delicate skin of the neck and décolleté looking youthful. With age, this delicate skin is prone to losing definition and firmness. Features and benefits: - The neck profile appears remarkably lifted and tightened, revealing a more youthful-looking shape. - The neck looks lifted and the décolleté is smoother, more toned. - Within four weeks, wrinkles are visibly reduced, the neck contour appears refined, regaining its youthful definition. - Visibly lifted and firmer, the neck contour appears reshaped and youthfully refined.
Skin cells need to communicate with each other constantly. Such communication is key to helping maintain the support structure that keeps skin looking youthful. At night, cellular communication and the skin's ability to repair itself peaks. Features and benefits: - Facial contours appear smooth and firm, giving the jaw line a more defined appearance and revealing a more youthful-looking shape. - Lifting action: after just one night, skin looks lifted, smoother, signs of fatigue are less visible. - Contouring action: within four weeks, skin looks denser, lost volume is visibly restored and wrinkles appear significantly reduced. The cheeks, jaw line and facial contours appear redefined. Wake to visibly lifted and firmer skin. See a new resilience emerge. Skin looks rested, revitalized and radiant.
From the laboratories of Lancome Research comes a unique treatment that addresses both wrinkles and lost firmness: Rénergie. Experience a rediscovery of skin’s looks of youthful strength and resilience. A unique firming and anti-wrinkle effect helps visibly smooth and plump skin. This Double Performance treatment has been shown to dramatically decrease the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while improving skin’s firmness. Results: Overnight, surface cell renewal is accelerated so skin looks re-energized, and well-rested. Day after Day, fine lines and wrinkles appear less noticeable as if they were virtually “slept away”. Over time, skin is visibly tighter, smoother, younger looking.
From the laboratories of Lancôme Research comes a unique treatment that addresses both wrinkles and lost firmness: Rénergie. Experience a rediscovery of skin’s looks of youthful strength and resilience. A unique firming and anti-wrinkle effect helps visibly smooth and plump skin. This Double Performance treatment has been shown to dramatically decrease the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while improving skin’s firmness. Results: Your skin feels firmer, smoother and more supple. Used daily on face and throat, Rénergie decreases the appearance of wrinkles and increases skin’s look of youthful firmness.
This versatile, synthetic-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all lip color products. This sleek applicator retracts easily for portable convenience. Applies lip color for a flawless look. The tapered, smaller tip allows an even, controlled application.
Love your lips! Finally, the long wear lipcolor you'll love to wear. This collection of radiant, high potency colors, with up to 6 hours of wear, is surprisingly featherlight, offering delightful comfort. Discover the lipcolor that describes you best and let your lipcolor show your mood, any time of the day.
This round angled, natural-bristled brush is the ideal partner to all eye shadows. Its rounded countoured edges perfectly apply shadow to the crease and corners of the eye.
This sheer silky-light powder delivers a natural sun-kissed glow in any season. Exceptional light-reflecting pigments ensure a radiant, tanned makeup result. Smooth and comfortable texture blends effortlessly and evenly into the skin. Skin feels silky soft and even toned. Result Radiant, yet natural-looking, for a bronzed complexion that stays fresh and color-true throughout the day. Suitable for all skin types. Oil-free. Fragrance-free. Non-acnegenic. Non-comedogenic. Allergy-tested for safety
Lancôme's Star Bronzer Aquastick hydrating gel bronzer is a revitalizing stick that releases a smooth wave of sheer color onto the skin with gliding, intensely refreshing application and a soothing effect. Gently blend gel bronzer onto your skin over your cheeks, all over your face and/or décolleté.
An allover powder bronzer great for face, body and décolleté with a limited-edition bamboo design. Inspired by the desert sun and exotic mirages, accents of gold, copper and pink come together for a glowing, sun-kissed complexion.
This silky-soft moisturizing toner immediately rehydrates and gently purifies skin. The instantly soothing formula made with Honey and Sweet Almond Extract gives skin a soft, fresh, clean and incredibly comfortable feeling.
Soothing and cooling, this alcohol-free, pH balanced freshener gently tones and refines skin without drying or depleting natural oils. Formulated with skin-softening distilled flower-water, this ultra-refreshing formula gives skin a cool, hydrated feeling. Leaves skin perfectly clean, soft and supple. Skin feels smooth, completely comfortable and refreshed.
This refreshing toner exfoliates and purifies in one easy step. The gentle formula made with antioxidant White Lotus and clarifying Anise Extract helps speed up cell turnover to improve skin tone, texture and clarity. Skin looks radiant, feels soothed and hydrated. Protected from free radicals, skin feels soft, newer and looks fresher.
Romantic. Sensual. Emotional. The elegance of rose, muguet and lilac. The sparkle of apricot blossom. A glorious golden coral, so every drop opens like petals on the skin. Experience Trésor in this enduring yet translucent fragrance form; second to parfum in intensity.
Discover Lancôme's newest fragrance sensation that captures the spirit of the first moment of love. Nectarine accord and bergamot enchant with a radiant burst of youth. Turkish rose essence and jasmine reveal your feminine side. Cedarwood and musk create a warm, modern effect.
For a truly irresistible Valentine's Day, Lancôme has released the beloved TRÉSOR MIDNIGHT ROSE Body Lotion in a 200 mL Limited Edition size.  An incredibly lightweight moisturizing lotion that delicately scents skin with the radiant, sensual fragrance of TRÉSOR MIDNIGHT ROSE. Skin feels silky-soft instantly with the smooth, fast absorbing formula that promises a lasting, refreshing feeling. Catch my heart if you can!
Charming. Mischievous. Desirable. The TRÉSOR MIDNIGHT ROSE 'I Rose You' Eau de Parfum Spray has the same sexy-sweet blend of raspberry, rose, vanilla and sensual musk that you have grown to love, with a unique rose stem pipette making it a limited-edition piece. Trésor Midnight Rose is once again turning heads with a stingingly seductive limited edition! For the first time in its history, the pipette is transformed into a tempting, thorny rose-stem, ready to diffuse its mesmerizing elixir. This mysterious, captivating rose no longer hides her thorns. Handle her with care – one finger-prick and you’ll be head over heels!
Charming. Mischievous. Desirable. The TRÉSOR MIDNIGHT ROSE 'I Rose You' Eau de Parfum Spray has the same sexy-sweet blend of raspberry, rose, vanilla and sensual musk that you have grown to love, with a unique rose stem pipette making it a limited-edition piece. Trésor Midnight Rose is once again turning heads with a stingingly seductive limited edition! For the first time in its history, the pipette is transformed into a tempting, thorny rose-stem, ready to diffuse its mesmerizing elixir. This mysterious, captivating rose no longer hides her thorns. Handle her with care – one finger-prick and you’ll be head over heels!
Dust on this mineral powder and enjoy year round bronzed perfection. Lancôme’s Mineral Color Complex combines precious earths and mineral pigments that mimic the true color of tanned skin for a gorgeous, golden glow that lasts. Never chalky or cakey, this bronzer also includes soothing Aloe Vera and Vitamin E for daylong comfort, and free radical protection. Skin feels soft and smooth with a healthy, sun-lit look. Ideal for all skin types.
Inspired by the new trendy Rouge In Love lip collection, Vernis in Love is a high potency nail laquer perfectly themed to compliment every woman's mood and style. With ultimate brillance, intense color, and a mistake-free application, your nails will love the lasting shine and pop of color that stays put for days.
Give lashes the attention they deserve with voluptuous curves, luscious length and captivating volume.The fluid, pigment-rich formula glides on smoothly and delivers the deepest, blackest most dramatic color that’s simply show-stopping. The patent Keepcurl™ Brush is designed to curl lashes with a perfect 100º curve that keeps all day. Its long-lasting formula is virtually smudge-proof, tear-proof and easily removable.
Lancome Blush Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $42.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Contour is a Contour. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Blush is a Blush. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Color Design Eye Shadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $43.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Color Design All-in-One 5 Shadow & Liner Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00. There are 28 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $43.00. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Active Daily Moisture Lotion combines 24-hour moisture with SPF 15 for flawless protection. Makeup goes on easily and evenly for soft, supple skin all day long.
Power Moisture Rush Mask instantly infuses moisture into every strand. This mask, with its light and luxurious gel-like texture, transforms even dry, dehydrated hair into silky, soft and manageable strands. Get up to10X more moisture*. Clinically tested** * When using system of shampoo and rinse-out treatment vs. non conditioning shampoo **System of shampoo and conditioner tested for instant results + lasting transformation.
Smooth Intense Frizz Taming Anti-Frizz Serum is an intense leave-in smoothing serum that instantly polishes hair’s surface and creates an invisible humidity barrier to help block out frizz and lock in sleek shine. It tames even out-of-control strands, and when used with shampoo and conditioner, it delivers silky, frizz-controlled hair for up to 72 hours.
Color Vibrancy Anti-Fade Damage Protector is a daily, dual-action leave-in spray that instantly nourishes and conditions color treated-hair and helps protect from fade out and heat damage up to 450°. Experience 8 weeks of vibrant color* * When using system of shampoo, conditioner and treatment vs. non-conditioning shampoo.
Color Vibrancy Shampoo instantly nourishes and helps shield color from fading, leaving hair protected and color vibrant over time. Experience 8 weeks of vibrant color* Clinically tested* * When using system of shampoo, conditioner and treatment vs. non-conditioning shampoo. **System of shampoo and conditioner tested for instant results + lasting transformation.
Power Moisture Shampoo instantly provides a rush of moisture, leaving hair soft, shiny, and quenched over time. Get up to10X more moisture*. * When using system of shampoo and rinse-out treatment vs. non conditioning shampoo
Smooth Intense Polishing Shampoo instantly helps soften and tame rough textures, leaving hair polished and smooth. When used with the conditioner and serum or crème it controls frizz for up to 72 hours. Clinically tested* *System of shampoo and conditioner tested for instant results + lasting transformation.
Smooth Intense Xtreme Straight Crème instantly penetrates to silken and straighten with nourishing care. This crème smoothes soothes hair, helping to ease the damaging effects of blow-drying and flat ironing, protecting strands from up to 450˚ F. Tames even over-worked, unmanageable hair. When used with the shampoo and conditioner, it helps control frizz for up to 72 hours.
Total Repair 5 Damage Erasing Balm is a rinse-out reconstructing balm that repairs up to one year of damage in 1 use*. Both powerful and luxurious, the balm instantly repairs the 5 signs of damage – split ends, weakness, roughness, dullness, and dehydration. * Reverses damage to hair’s smoothness with daily use, when using the system of shampoo & balm.
Total Repair 5 Restorative Dry Oil is a luxurious daily leave-in treatment that revitalizes hair from root to tip. This multi-tasking dry oil is so potent that it tames flyaways and infuses lasting, luminous shine. It’s weightless and non-greasy, so the formula is instantly absorbed.
Total Repair 5 Restoring Shampoo instantly and over time helps repair the five visible signs of damaged hair - split ends, weakness, roughness, dullness and dehydration - without weighing hair down. Clinically tested* *System of shampoo and conditioner tested for instant results + lasting transformation.
Triple Resist Reinforcing Shampoo instantly helps nourish hair from root to core to tip, leaving hair stronger. Hair damage due to breakage is reduced by 64%*. Clinically tested* *When using system of shampoo, conditioner and treatment in a brushing test that measures breakage vs. non-conditioning shampoo. **System of shampoo and conditioner tested for instant results + lasting transformation.
Triple Resist Reinforcing Tonic instantly helps target fragile, weak points to refortify even the most breakage-prone hair. Formula with our highest level of amino acid provides intensive reinforcement from root to core to tip. Hair fall to breakage is reduced by 64%*. *When using system of shampoo, conditioner and treatment in a brushing test that measures breakage vs. non-conditioning shampoo. **System of shampoo and conditioner tested for instant results + lasting transformation.
Ideal for women in their 50s, Age Perfect ® Day Cream SPF 15 brightens and smoothes mature skin while reducing the appearance of age spots, fine lines and surface wrinkles. Innovative Soy Seed Proteins along with beta hydroxyl acid (BHA) deeply moisturize and help improve skin’s elasticity, while SPF 15 provides broad-spectrum UVA/UVB sun protection. Your skin is left feeling pampered and invigorated.
Rejuvenate and refine delicate skin around your eyes. Age Perfect® For Mature Skin Eye Cream provides anti-sagging and ultra-hydrating benefits to the sensitive area around the eyes. Soy Seed Proteins help to tighten skin’s network, improve elasticity, and promote resiliency. Skin-brightening botanicals help even skin tone to reveal smoother, more refined skin around the eyes.
Mature skin needs an extra boost of nutrients to stay strong and supple. Treat it to deep hydration and intense nutrition with the new Age Perfect® Hydra-Nutrition Anti-Sagging Ultra-Nourishing Moisturizer. It nourishes skin with a Nutrient Complex enriched with calcium that builds resilience and fights the signs of aging. And its soft and silky texture wraps your skin in pure luxury. Instantly: Skin is more nourished and hydrated. In 2 weeks: Comfort is restored to skin. After 4 weeks: Skin is firmer and more supple.
Introducing Age Perfect® Hydra-Nutrition Golden Balm Eye, a luxurious formula for mature skin that needs an extra boost of nourishing moisture to stay strong and supple. The rich, comforting balm treats and nourishes the delicate area around the eye, targeting dark circles to brighten and illuminate the skin. Re-densifying action - The formula includes calcium to improve skin’s resiliency. Skin is firmer and recushioned from within. Extreme hydrating comfort - A rich blend of essential oils deeply hydrate the skin, locking in nourishing moisture for 24 hours of extreme hydration. Age Perfect® Hydra-Nutrition Golden Balm Eye provides intense efficacy with a unique feel of luxury and comfort. This butter-soft balm melts on contact with skin, providing an unsurpassed sensory experience.
Introducing Age Perfect® Hydra-Nutrition Golden Balm Face, Neck & Chest, a luxurious formula for mature skin that needs an extra boost of nourishing moisture to stay strong and supple. The rich, comforting balm is specifically designed to treat and nourish the less-resilient skin of the neck and décolleté area. Precious Oils, comprised of nourishing essential oils, are combined with skin-strengthening calcium to attract and maintain moisture for firmer, younger-looking skin. Re-densifying action - Skin is firmer and recushioned from within. Elasticity is improved for more toned, resilient skin. Extreme hydrating comfort - The rich balm immediately penetrates deep below the skin’s surface, locking in moisture for 24 hours of extreme hydration. Age Perfect® Hydra-Nutrition Golden Balm Face, Neck & Chest provides intense efficacy with a unique feel of luxury and comfort. This butter-soft balm melts on contact with skin, providing an unsurpassed sensory experience.
Wake up every morning to a beautiful new you. Age Perfect® for Mature Skin Night Cream deeply moisturizes and helps improve skin elasticity with innovative Soy Seed Proteins. They work with skin’s nightly recovering process to smooth and reduce the appearance of surface wrinkles and fine lines.
Age Perfect® Rich Restorative Cream Cleanser is specially formulated to nourish and condition mature skin while gently exfoliating, improving texture and removing all traces of impurities and makeup without depleting essential moisture. With Replenishing Calcium, it gently conditions skin texture, exfoliates dead cells and helps soften mature skin. When used as part of a complete skincare regimen, this cleanser complements the performance of your daily Age Perfect anti-aging moisturizer action.
Define, shape, and fill your brows with Brow Stylist®Brow Shaping Duet. Two coordinating pencils blend together to create the perfect shade to naturally enhance your brows.
Clean Artiste Waterproof & Long Wearing Eye Makeup Remover instantly dissolves every trace of eye makeup, even long-wearing foundations and waterproof mascaras, while gently conditioning your lashes. Won’t leave a filmy or oily residue on the skin. Dermatologist and ophthalmologist-tested. Non-irritating. Non-comedogenic.
Clean Artiste 100% Oil Free Eye Makeup Remover removes eye makeup instantly with a gentle formula. Cleans delicate eye area without leaving a greasy film. Dermatologist-tested and safe for contact lens wearers.
Collagen Moisture Filler Day infuses your skin with a daily dose of intense hydration and natural Collagen—two essentials for younger-looking skin. Rich moisture instantly restores skin’s cushion and brings back its bounce. Over time, the powerful natural Collagen helps fill in lines and wrinkles, smoothing and plumping the skin. SPF 15 helps protect your skin from future damage.
A dose of intense hydration and natural Collagen in Collagen Filler Moisture Day Lotion and Day/Night Cream is essential for younger-looking skin. Rich moisture instantly restores skin’s cushion and bounce. Over time, the powerful natural Collagen helps fill in lines and wrinkles, leaving your skin smooth and plump. Use it for a complete collagen-infused skincare regimen.
Brass Banisher reduces brassy tones and unwanted warmth for cooler, more beautiful, balanced color. Instantly tone down brassy yellow, gold, red, and orange tones in your hair. This salon-inspired treatment works in just 5 minutes and leaves hair looking natural and full of luminous shine.
Want brilliant, healthy-looking shine—without applying daily products or changing your haircolor? Colorist Secrets Shine Gloss infuses hair with an instant high-gloss finish in only 10 minutes. 100% ammonia-free Shine Gloss that lasts for weeks.
Ready to shine bright? Our #1 best-selling lipstick is now available in 16 gorgeously glossy shades. Colour Caresse by Colour Riche® is formulated with our revolutionary Lightfeel System to deliver a feather-light finish without being sticky or heavy. 100% color. 0% compromise.
Discover a stain that thinks it’s a gloss. Now hydration & shine meet lasting, lightweight color. Colour Caresse Wet Shine Stain combines the power of a lip stain with lip-gloss luster. This next generation lip stain, formulated with a blend of light hydrating oils & concentrated pigments, delivers lasting color with a glossy finish. Packed with 30% water, Colour Caresse Wet Shine Stainleaves lips soft, comfortable and hydrated for up to 6 hours. 
Colour Rays are bright, highly visible highlights that show up on even the darkest hair. In one simple step, you can swirl on a few bold flashes, brighten up bangs, or brush on an all-over effect.
Indulge your lips with Colour Riche® Balm. This tinted lip balm provides a hint of luscious, kissable color, smoothing lips instantly and for a full 8 hours of continuous hydration. Lips are softer and more supple all day long—and keeps conditioning even after it’s been removed. 
Use Colour Riche One Stop Base Coat for 7 days of hold with a formula that enriches nails, so nails stay strong & healthy coat after coat.
La crème de la crème of lip gloss. Fragrance-free and infused with nurturing, ultra-hydrating Omega 3 and protective Vitamin E, Colour Riche® Gloss Finishes keep lips soft, smooth, and shiny. In 12 sheer shades with just a hint of shimmer, Colour Riche® Gloss Finishes offer the ultimate in gloss sophistication. Wear alone or over your favorite shade of Colour Riche® Lipcolour to customize your look.
L'Oreal Colour Riche Le Gloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Riche® Creamy Anti-Feathering Lip Liners create definition and coordinate perfectly with Colour Riche®Lipcolour.
From sass to class, there is a Colour Riche Lipcolour by L'Oréal to suit your fancy! The first choice in luxury lipcolor, Colour Riche has deep, luminous color in a weightless, creamy texture. Dewy, botanical formulations moisturize, condition, and last for hours without flaking or splitting.
L'Oreal Colour Riche Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer. There are 50 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Use Colour Riche Top of the Line Top Coat for 7 days of hold with a formula that enriches nails, so nails stay strong & healthy coat after coat.
Couleur Experte® is the only at-home dual-system coloring kit that combines in just one box permanent base color with harmonizing highlights. Thanks to perfectly coordinated shades, you can achieve a rich, elegant, salon-like look in just two easy steps.
Crease-proof your eyes and get longer lasting eye color with De-Crease™ Eye Shadow Base. Smooth eyelids, even skin tone, and create a flawless canvas for application of powder or cream eye shadow, or wear alone for a clean, natural look. One universal shade for all skin tones.
Double Extend® Beauty Tubes™ Mascara is a revolutionary lash extension effect mascara that provides up to 80% longer-looking, nourished lashes. -Step 1: Ultra-nourishing base coat infused with Ceramide R and D-Panthenol protects and strengthens lashes, creating the perfect base for tube application. -Step 2: Ultra-lengthening tube top coat sets to form lash-extending beauty tubes that visibly lengthen lashes to amazing new heights. Beauty tubes will not run, clump, flake or smudge and will stay on all-day. -Step 3: Beauty tubes remove easily with just warm water - no makeup remover or rubbing required. Ophthalmologist and allergy tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Introducing Double Extend® Eye Illuminator Eyeliner, a two-step eye illuminating eyeliner professionally developed to visibly illuminate and brighten your eye color. Step 1: Define & Intensify The deep jewel-toned eyeliner defines your eyes and intensifies your eye color. Step 2: Brighten The illuminating white eyeliner brightens your eyes, and allows you to customize the brightening effect as desired. Smudge-proof, all-day wear. Ophthalmologist tested. Safe for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Double Extend® Lash Boosting Mascara is a breakthrough 2-step mascara infused with a boosting pro-keratine complex. -Step 1: The Lash Boosting Primer is serum-infused to boost lash condition. It contains a pro-keratin complex that fortifies lashes and maximizes their appearance. -Step 2: The Ultra-Lengthening Mascara Topcoat coats and lengthens lashes instantly, for an up to 80% longer, clump-free fringe. For boosted results, use the mascara daily with Concentrated Lash Boosting Serum. Ophthalmologist and allergy tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Double Extend® Lash Boosting Serum, for visibly fuller, thicker natural lashes with less lash fall-out when removing makeup. The breakthrough formula contains Centella Asiatica Extract and Arginine to reinforce, condition, and protect each lash. Apply daily under your mascara and at night to bare lashes to transform your natural lashes, and see more lashes in just 4 weeks!* *Consumers found lashes appear multiplied with daily application of mascara and twice daily application of serum: underneath mascara and on bare lashes overnight. For boosted results, use the serum together with Double Extend® Lash Boosting Mascara.
Double Extend® Lash Fortifier & Extender Mascara creates long, lush lashes up to 60% longer. This two-in-one mascara combines a Fortifying Extender base coat with a Color Magnifier top coat to take lashes to new lengths. -Step 1: Fortifying Extender provides a conditioning micro-fiber base coat with Ceramide-R that lengthens and fortifies lashes. -Step 2: Color Magnifier takes lash length further as it coats with rich color that won’t clump or smudge. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Double Extend® Waterproof Lash Fortifier & Extender Mascara creates creates long, lush lashes up to 60% longer with 2x* the waterproofing. This two-in-one mascara combines a waterproof base coat of Fortifying Extender with a waterproof top coat of Color Magnifier to take lashes to new lengths. -Step 1: Waterproof Fortifying Extender provides a conditioning micro-fiber base coat with Ceramide-R that lengthens and fortifies lashes. -Step 2: Waterproof Color Magnifier takes lash length further as it coats with rich color that won’t clump or smudge. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. *Step 1 waterproof basecoat plus step 2 waterproof basecoat = 2x waterproofing.
Elnett Satin is the legendary hairspray of choice for red carpet events and cover photo shoots. Its micro-diffuser spray offers a clean, soft shiny finish. So fine, it disappears at the stroke of a brush. So strong, its hold lasts all day. Available in Extra Strong Hold, Extra Strong Hold travel size, Extra Strong Hold for Color-Treated Hair, Strong Hold and Extra Strong Hold Unscented.
Clean your hair without stripping it using EverCrème Intense Nourishing Shampoo. Infused with Omega-3 and 6, this formula gently cleanses and restores lost moisture by instantly wrapping each strand with triple action deep conditioners. Hair is left healthy-looking and manageable—without any weighdown. For dry to very dry hair Sulfate-free No harsh salts Paraben-free Natural botanicals 100% vegan
Lock in moisture and shine with EverCrème Nourishing Leave-In Spray. Infused with Omega-3 and 6, this lightweight conditioning treatment nourishes hair and restores hydration. Hair is instantly detangled, smoothed and healthy-looking—without any weighdown. No heavy waxes Triple action hydration Natural botanicals 100% vegan
Clean your hair while preserving natural moisture with EverCrème Intense Nourishing Shampoo. Infused with Omega-3 and 6, this formula gently cleanses and restores lost moisture by instantly wrapping each strand with triple action conditioners. Hair is left healthy-looking and manageable—without any weighdown. For normal to dry hair Sulfate-free No harsh salts Paraben-free Natural botanicals 100% vegan
EverCurl Hydracharge  Leave-In Cream provides intense  hydrating nourishment with no weigh down. This ultra-rich formula feeds curls with moisture, helps  block frizz and nurtures each curl’s elasticity and shape. 100% Sulfate-Free Non-Drying 100% Vegan
EverCurl Hydracharge Shampoo quenches and softens perfecting each curl’s shape. Infuses hydrating nourishment without weigh-down. Curls are softer, more manageable without frizz. Its rich lather and natural aromatic properties help invigorate the senses.  100% Sulfate-Free  No Harsh Salts  No Parabens  100% Vegan
EverCurl™ Silk and Gloss Dual Oil Care is a dual-phase formula that helps detangle and separate curls while adding shine. This weightless 2-in-1 oil infuses silky moisture without greasiness. Curls are soft, more manageable without stiffness or frizz.  100% Sulfate-Free  Botanical Oils
EverCurl™ Sculpt & Hold Cream-Gel combines the care of a rich hydrating cream that conditions + a styling gel that shapes without weigh down. Curls remain smooth and hydrated.  100% Sulfate-Free
Elnett Satin is the legendary hairspray of choice for red carpet events and cover photo shoots. Its micro-diffuser spray offers a clean, soft shiny finish. So fine, it disappears at the stroke of a brush. So strong, its hold lasts all day. Available in Extra Strong Hold, Extra Strong Hold travel size, Extra Strong Hold for Color-Treated Hair and Strong Hold.
Elnett Satin is the legendary hairspray of choice for red carpet events and cover photo shoots. Its micro-diffuser spray offers a clean, soft shiny finish. So fine, it disappears at the stroke of a brush. So strong, its hold lasts all day. Available in Extra Strong Hold, Extra Strong Hold travel size, Extra Strong Hold for Color-Treated Hair, Strong Hold and Extra Strong Hold Unscented.
Elnett Satin is the legendary hairspray of choice for red carpet events and cover photo shoots. Its micro-diffuser spray offers a clean, soft shiny finish. So fine, it disappears at the stroke of a brush. So strong, its hold lasts all day. Available in Extra Strong Hold, Extra Strong Hold travel size, Extra Strong Hold for Color-Treated Hair and Strong Hold.
Elnett Satin is the legendary hairspray of choice for red carpet events and cover photo shoots. Its micro-diffuser spray offers a clean, soft shiny finish. So fine, it disappears at the stroke of a brush. So strong, its hold lasts all day. Available in Extra Strong Hold, Extra Strong Hold travel size, Extra Strong Hold for Color-Treated Hair and Strong Hold.
Instantly transform dry, brittle hair into soft, luscious strands with EverCrème Deep Nourishing Masque. This intensive treatment penetrates each strand with natural Omega-3 and 6 to infuse moisture without weighdown, leaving your locks luxuriously silky and shiny. Tripe action hydration No heavy waxes 100% vegan
Color-treated hair requires special care. EverPure’s intensive treatment masque ensures long-lasting color purity. Ultra-rich conditioners restore moisture to dry, damaged hair, leaving it silky soft and full of healthy shine. The formula is infused with rosemary and mint for an invigorating aromatic experience.
Color-treated hair requires special care. EverPure’s extra-gentle, sulfate-free formula won’t strip color and leaves hair hydrated, manageable and silky soft. This richly lathering shampoo is infused with refreshing rosemary and juniper for an invigorating aromatic experience.
Color-treated hair requires special care. EverPure’s extra-gentle, sulfate-free formula won’t strip color and leaves hair smooth and silky soft. This richly lathering shampoo is infused with refreshing rosemary and juniper for an invigorating, aromatic experience.
Color-treated hair requires special care. EverPure’s extra-gentle, sulfate-free formula won’t strip color and leaves hair soft and full of body. This richly lathering shampoo is infused with refreshing rosemary and juniper for an invigorating aromatic experience.
Tame wild frizz and flyaways with EverSleek Sulfate-Free Smoothing System™ Finishing Crème. This lightweight cream, infused with Argan, Sunflower and Olive oils, helps seal split ends and control frizz. No heavy silicones. Just shiny, manageable and stunningly sleek hair. Silicone-free 48-hour frizz control
Treatments are an essential part of a smoothing hair care regimen. When paired with EverSleek Shampoos and Conditioners, hair remains sleek, shiny and frizz-free for up to 48 hours. EverSleek Frizz Taming Crème Serum controls frizz while helping protect hair from humidity. Hair is left sleek and shiny, without feeling weighed down or coated.
Treatments are an essential part of a smoothing hair care regimen. When paired with EverSleek Shampoos and Conditioners, hair remains sleek, shiny and frizz-free for up to 48 hours. EverSleek Humidity Defying Leave-In Crème nourishes hair and protects the hair from humidity for frizz-free, soft and shiny hair in any kind of weather.
EverSleek Intense Smoothing Shampoo gently cleanses while weightlessly smoothing frizzy, unruly hair. Helps improve texture, and leaves hair beautifully sleek and manageable.
EverSleek Reparative Smoothing Shampoo gently cleanses while weightlessly smoothing damaged, distressed hair. It nourishes and smoothes even the most sensitive strands, leaving hair manageable and shiny. Safe for chemically straightened hair.
Say goodbye to stubborn, unmanageable frizz with EverSleek Sulfate-Free Smoothing System™ Super Sleek Intense Serum. This smoothing serum, infused with Argan, Sunflower and Olive oils, helps control rebellious and unruly hair without the weight of heavy silicones. Hair is left shiny and stunningly sleek. Silicone-free 48-hour frizz control
Treatments are an essential part of a smoothing hair care regimen. When paired with EverSleek Shampoos and Conditioners, hair remains sleek, shiny and frizz-free. EverSleek Precious Oil Treatment with Argan Oil from Morocco is infused with argan oil, sunflower oil and olive oil to heal, banish frizz and protect. This cocktail of natural oils instantly penetrates hair to condition and seal in smoothness. Hair is left sleek and shiny, without feeling weighed down or coated.
For hair that needs extra strength, now there is haircare that’s so gentle, yet so strong. The new EverStrong Sulfate-Free Fortify System™ contains L’Oréal’s patented Bio-Ceramide complex, which strengthens hair after just one wash. EverStrong Bodify Shampoo gently cleanses and adds body to fine, limp hair, leaving it strong and silky. Rich lather and natural aromatic properties from rosemary and juniper help energize and invigorate the senses.
For hair that needs extra strength, now there is haircare that’s so gentle, yet so strong. The new EverStrong Sulfate-Free Fortify System™ contains L’Oréal’s patented Bio-Ceramide complex, which strengthens hair after just one wash. EverStrong Hydrate Shampoo gently cleanses and nourishes dry hair to leave it strong and silky. Rich lather and natural aromatic properties from rosemary and juniper help energize and invigorate the senses.
For hair that needs extra strength, now there is haircare that’s so gentle, yet so strong. The new EverStrong Sulfate-Free Fortify System™ contains L’Oréal’s patented Bio-Ceramide complex, which strengthens hair after just one wash. EverStrong Overnight Repair Treatment is a leave-in formula that penetrates the hair fiber while you sleep to improve strength after just one use. It absorbs quickly without leaving residue on your pillow.
For hair that needs extra strength, now there is haircare that’s so gentle, yet so strong. The new EverStrong Sulfate-Free Fortify System™ contains L’Oréal’s patented Bio-Ceramide complex, which strengthens hair after just one wash. EverStrong Reconstruct Shampoo gently cleanses damaged hair to help resist breakage and tame frizz, leaving it strong and silky. Rich lather and natural aromatic properties from rosemary and juniper help energize and invigorate the senses.
For hair that needs extra strength and volume, discover hair care that’s so gentle, yet so strong. The EverStrong Sulfate-Free Fortify System™ contains L’Oréal’s patented Amino Acid Complex, which helps weak, thinning hair to look thicker while caring for the scalp. EverStrong Thickening Shampoo gently cleanses and fortifies the scalp and adds body to fine, limp hair, leaving it strong and silky. Rich lather and natural aromatic properties from rosemary and juniper help energize and invigorate the senses, boosting circulation for healthier scalp and hair.  100% Sulfate-Free  No Harsh Salts  No Parabens  Natural Botanicals  100% Vegan
For hair that needs extra strength and volume, discover hair care that’s so gentle, yet so strong. The EverStrong Sulfate-Free Fortify System™ contains L’Oréal’s patented Amino Acid Complex, which helps weak, thinning hair to look thicker while caring for the scalp. EverStrong Thickening Tonic helps the scalp feel energized and deeply penetrates the hair fiber to help promote stronger hair that looks thicker and denser.  Sulfate-Free  No Silicones  Natural Botanicals  100% Vegan
Get maximum curl control without the drying effects of alcohol. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Curl Activating Mousse is a weightless, energizing mousse that shapes, boosts and defines flawless curls while controlling frizz and infusing shine. No drying alcohols. Just soft, manageable curls. 24-hour curl control Resists humidity Alcohol-free Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% vegan
Sculpts & defines smooth curls. Get maximum curl control without the drying effects of alcohol. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Curl Defining Gel is a non-crunchy, silky gel that constructs, defines and holds perfect curls, while controlling frizz and adding shine. No drying alcohols. Just smooth and defined curls without the frizz. 24-hour curl control Alcohol-free Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% vegan
Transforms & smoothes to perfection. Free your hair from the drying effects of alcohol without compromising style. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Smooth & Shine Crème is a silkening crème that transforms hair from dry and brittle to satiny smooth. It conditions and seals the strand to help protect against damage from heat tools. No drying alcohols. Just brilliantly smooth and glossy hair. 48-hour frizz control Resists humidity Alcohol-free Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% vegan
Eliminates frizz. Free your hair from the drying effects of alcohol without compromising style. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Smooth & Shine Serum is a non-greasy, transforming serum that smoothes and polishes rough, untamed strands to perfection while delivering glossy shine. No drying alcohols. Just brilliantly smooth and shiny hair. 48-hour frizz control Resists humidity Non-greasy Alcohol-free Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% vegan
Sculpts & controls style. Strong hold and style without the drying effects of alcohol. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Strong Hold Defining Gel is a non-crunchy gel that creates and holds your style, while adding healthy-looking shine. No residue, flaking or stickiness. No drying alcohols. Just soft and flexible with all day hold. 24-hour hold Alcohol-free Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% vegan
Locks in style & resists humidity. Strong hold and style without the drying effects of alcohol. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Strong Hold Styling Spray is an ultrafine mist that locks in and holds any style while adding endless shine. No stiff or sticky finishes. Just touchably soft hair and all day style. All day style Alcohol-Free Resists humidity Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% Vegan
Infuses maximum body & fullness. Get maximum body and volume without the drying effects of alcohol. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Volume Boosting Mousse is a luxurious whipped-crème mousse that gives even the finest hair all-over body, volume and a boost of fullness without weighing hair down. No residue or flaking. Just hair full of body and movement. 24-hour volume Alcohol-free Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% vegan
Lifts & builds volume at the roots. Get extra body & volume without the drying effects of alcohol. EverStyle Alcohol-Free™ Root Lifting Spray builds thickness and lift at the roots for amplified, high impact volume. No drying alcohols. Just touchably soft volume that lasts all day. 24-hour volume No drying alcohols Paraben-free Natural botanical extract 100% Vegan
You don’t need to spend all day in the harsh sun to get that fresh-from-the-beach look. Texture Series Beach Spray is a sea-salt infused spray that lets you create carefree, textured waves. This styling spray leaves hair softly tousled and texturized without any build up. No uptight style. Just sexy, windswept waves.  All Day Beach Waves  Alcohol Free  100% Vegan  No Synthetic Dyes
This energizing, oil-absorbent dry shampoo instantly refreshes dull hair without adding water. The virtually invisible, talc-free formula with micronized minerals renews hair by instantly cleansing, extending the life of any style.  All Day Style Refresh  100% Vegan  Talc-Free  No Silicones  No Synthetic Dyes
EverStyle Tousle Crème is our first texturizing crème free of drying, harsh alcohols. Instead, we use high performance actives for all day touchable texture. This crème delivers the ultimate undone-yet-done look, for locks that are still soft and manageable. No uptight style. Just freely tousled, texturized hair.  All Day Piecey Style  Alcohol Free  100% Vegan  No Parabens  No Waxes
Our richest color comes from our ultimate care. Excellence by L’Oréal, our first hair color with Triple Protection system revitalizes and protects hair from the inside and out. Now, get younger-looking hair and rich, radiant color. And grays? What grays? Nothing protects better. Nothing covers grays better. New Richesse Collection by Excellence with the perfect combination of pure tones for magnified color richness and shine. Red Richesse and Black Richesse offers impeccable gray coverage, while delivering the richest, most radiant color with reflective and sumptuous tones.
Now, get the intense look and luxurious feel of a liquid liner with the easy application and precision of a pencil. Extra-Intense™ Liquid Pencil Eyeliner glides on smoothly and evenly for beautiful definition in a single stroke. The smudge-resistant formula provides 16 hours of non-stop wear. To sharpen, use L’Oréal’s Dual Sharpener and turn the pencil gently to create a working tip.
With Féria®, what you see is the shimmer. Multi-Faceted shimmering colour with 3X highlights delivers intensified, brilliant results. Inspired by cutting-fashion, Feria’s prismatic colour spectrum is custom-blended by L’Oreal master colorists for bold, head-turning shades – no appointment necessary. The revolutionary Power Shimmer Conditioner hydrates and conditions week after week so hair is never wrecked or ravaged.
With Féria®, what you see is the shimmer. Multi-Faceted shimmering colour with 3X highlights delivers intensified, brilliant results. Inspired by cutting-fashion, Feria’s prismatic colour spectrum is custom-blended by L’Oreal master colorists for bold, head-turning shades – no appointment necessary. The revolutionary Power Shimmer Conditioner hydrates and conditions week after week so hair is never wrecked or ravaged. For the ultimate in high intensity colour, Féria® Power Reds with Colour Booster Technology delivers dramatic red shades that work with all skin tones and hair types.
Frost & Design Dramatic Hi-Precision Pull-Through Cap Highlights have a time-saving formula that leaves you with a delectable swirl of creamy highlights for a sun-kissed glow. The Pull-Through Cap lets you select the exact strands you want lightened so that you can avoid messy mistakes and unwanted results. Choose from two different styling hooks to create subtle or bold highlights. Finish with a toning rinse to infuse hair with extra shine.
Invest in your skin’s future with Futur-e® Moisturizer SPF 15 Normal to Dry Skin. This lightweight moisturizing lotion helps prevent signs of premature aging and keep your skin beautiful and healthy looking. Formulated with pure Vitamin E, patented Beta Hydroxy Acid (BHA), and SPF 15, Futur-e® works to replenish moisture, improve your skin’s smoothness, and protect it against the sun’s harmful UVA and UVB rays.
Break free of breakouts with this clear complexion secret. Introducing the Go 360° Clean Anti-Breakout Facial Cleanser designed to fight acne with deep pore-by-pore cleansing. The formula with 2% salicylic acid works with the Super-Soft Scrublet™ to control breakouts and clear blackheads. Now, you can clean deeper than traditional cleansing ever could before with L’Oréal’s most powerful acne-fighting formula + The Scrublet™. Clinically-Proven Results to significantly decrease the number of blemishes, blackheads and acne.
Go 360° Clean offers a complete range of four expertly formulated, high-foam cleansers that are perfectly calibrated to perform with the Scrublet™. The Deep Facial Cleanser is a deep-cleaning, high-foam gel, which unclogs pores as it removes oil, dirt and makeup. With notes of naranji, orange flower and mint for a refreshing fragrance and feel on skin, the gel formula helps reduce oily areas, dry skin patches and blemishes with its deep cleaning, pore-by-pore action. Oil-Free. Also, try the cleanser in an Exfoliating Scrub, Lotion or Cream formula. Benefits Smaller pores: Go 360° Clean shrinks the appearance of pore size and refinishes the skin’s surface to reveal skin with more clarity. Deeper cleansing: Unique formulas reach down deeper to every last pore for a deep, deep clean. Keeps pores clean day after day. Softer skin: Sweeps away dead skin cells for an extraordinary softening and smoothing effect Easy-to-use: Scrublet™ cleanses pore-by-pore with a fuss-free cleansing process.
Go 360° Clean offers a complete range of four expertly formulated, high-foam cleansers that are perfectly calibrated to perform with the Scrublet™. The Deep Facial Cleanser is a deep-cleaning, high-foam gel, which unclogs pores as it removes oil, dirt and makeup. With notes of naranji, orange flower and mint for a refreshing fragrance and feel on skin, the gel formula helps reduce oily areas, dry skin patches and blemishes with its deep cleaning, pore-by-pore action. Oil-Free. Also, try the cleanser in an Exfoliating Scrub, Lotion or Cream formula. Benefits Smaller pores: Go 360° Clean shrinks the appearance of pore size and refinishes the skin’s surface to reveal skin with more clarity. Deeper cleansing: Unique formulas reach down deeper to every last pore for a deep, deep clean. Keeps pores clean day after day. Softer skin: Sweeps away dead skin cells for an extraordinary softening and smoothing effect Easy-to-use: Scrublet™ cleanses pore-by-pore with a fuss-free cleansing process.
Go 360° Clean offers a complete range of four expertly formulated, high-foam cleansers that are perfectly calibrated to perform with the Scrublet™. The Deep Facial Cleanser for Sensitive Skin is a soap-free lotion cleanser that treats sensitive skin with extra gentle care. The fragrance-free, foaming formula features glycerin and shea butter to condition skin while gently and effectively cleansing skin of dirt and makeup. Also try the cleanser in a Gel, Cream or Exfoliating Scrub formula. Benefits Smaller pores: Go 360° Clean shrinks the appearance of pore size and refinishes the skin’s surface to reveal skin with more clarity. Deeper cleansing: Unique formulas reach down deeper to every last pore for a deep, deep clean. Keeps pores clean day after day. Softer skin: Sweeps away dead skin cells for an extraordinary softening and smoothing effect Easy-to-use: Scrublet™ cleanses pore-by-pore with a fuss-free cleansing process.
Healthy Look Crème Gloss enhances your natural color and adds a high gloss shine. The non-permanent, ammonia-free formula deeply nourishes hair while also helping to counter dullness and prevent damage. Healthy Look softly blends away first grays, and won’t leave any visible roots. The conditioning treatment infused with 100% natural Royal Jelly and Pomegranate seals in your glossy color, leaving hair shiny, soft and silky. Healthy Look® Crème Gloss Red Luscious Collection delivers gorgeous red tones visible even on dark hair. Lasts through 28 shampoos.
Play up your eyes with a stroke of bold, metallic definition. HiP high intensity pigments™ Color Chrome Eyeliner delivers luminous definition with an intense metallic finish. The unique liquid pencil formula glides on smoothly, combining the intensity of a liquid liner with the precision and ease of a pencil. Get high-watt chromatic definition with long-lasting, smudge-proof wear. Available in 4 highly pigmented metallic shades.
Create vibrant color that can take the heat with HiP high intensity pigments™ Color Truth Pencil Eyeliner. Anti-humidity, long-wearing formula prevents color from losing its edge.
HydraFresh Toner’s gentle, nondrying formula refreshes and softens skin in a splash, revealing a smoother, brighter complexion and leaving skin smooth and supple. Beta Hydroxy Acid gently sweeps away dull, tired skin while Pro-Vitamin B5 helps protect against moisture loss. 99% alcohol free. Dermatologist tested for gentleness.
Rich, luxurious cream is perfect for women with dry, sensitive skin. With Pro-Vitamin B5, moisture is continuously released to hydrate skin all day long. With Hydra-Renewal Continuous Moisture Cream, skin is softer, healthy looking, and radiant.
It’s never too early to start taking care of your skin. Oil free Ideal Clean Foaming Gel Cleanser gently removes makeup and buffs away impurities, leaving skin refreshed and radiant. The gel makes removing makeup quick and easy, deeply purifying while helping to minimize pores. It works for all skin types and won’t leave any tightness or residue.  Dermatologist and ophthalmologist tested for safety Won’t dry out skin Lifts dirt and impurities  Non comedogenic Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers Pore by pore cleansing action minimizes size of pores
Ultra-soft towelettes gently yet effectively remove all traces of makeup, mascara and even long wear makeup. Dirt and oil are dissolved for clean and visibly tightened pores. These purifying towelettes do not dry out the skin. Alcohol Free Dermatologist and ophthalmologist tested for safety
This oil-free lotion works to deeply nourish dry skin. It combines 48HR moisture with Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB SPF 25 Protection. Our skin-softening formula is infused with the antioxidant Vitamin E and lightweight hydrating ingredients for moisture that feels clean & barely there. Immediately: Skin feels soft & soothed After 4 Weeks: Skin comfort is deeply restored & roughness caused by dryness is reduced Dermatologist tested for gentleness Non-comedogenic (won’t clog pores) - Oil-Free Deeply Nourishes
This cream works day and night to leave skin with a more even tone and texture. Our unique formula infused with time release Vitamin C and Tourmaline gem helps even skin tone and recapture your skin’s clarity. Immediately: Skin feels softer, smoother, & more fresh. After 4 Weeks: Skin tone is more even and texture is visibly smoother.
This oil-free lotion works to provide skin with an instant natural glow. It combines 48HR moisture with Broad Spectrum UVA/ UVB SPF 25 Protection. Our skin-softening formula is infused with the antioxidant Vitamin E and a lightweight-hydrating ingredient for moisture that feels clean & barely there. Immediately: Skin feels softer, smoother, & more fresh. After 4 Weeks: Skin tone is more even and texture is visibly smoother. Instantly Illuminates Won’t clog pores – Oil Free
This oil-free lotion works to refresh and hydrate normal skin. It combines 48HR moisture with Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB SPF 25 Protection. Our skin-softening formula is infused with the antioxidant Vitamin E and a lightweight-hydrating ingredient for moisture that feels clean & barely there. Immediately: Skin feels more hydrated & has a healthy glow After 4 weeks: Skin appears softer and more radiant Hydrates and Refreshes Won’t clog pores – Oil-Free
This oil-free lotion works to hydrate and soothe sensitive skin. It combines 48HR moisture with Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB SPF 25 Protection. Our skin-softening formula is infused with the antioxidant Vitamin E and lightweight hydrating ingredients for moisture that feels clean & barely there. Immediately: Skin feels soothed & more hydrated After 4 weeks: Redness caused by dryness is reduced Hydrates and Soothes Won’t clog pores – Oil-Free
CYCLOHEXASILOXANE • ISODODECANE • TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE • NYLON-611/DIMETHICONE COPOLYMER • HDI/TRIMETHYLOL HEXYLLACTONE CROSSPOLYMER • CALCIUM ALUMINUM BOROSILICATE • CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE • SILICA • CAPRYLYL GLYCOL • SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE • TALC • POLYETHYLENE TEREPHTHALATE • LAUROYL LYSINE • TIN OXIDE • ALUMINA • POLYURETHANE-11 • [+/- MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR: MICA • CI 77891 / TITANIUM DIOXIDE • CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / IRON OXIDES • CI 77510 / FERRIC FERROCYANIDE • CI 77000 / ALUMINUM POWDER • CI 75470 / CARMINE • CI 77007 / ULTRAMARINES • CI 77288 / CHROMIUM OXIDE GREENS • CI 77289 / CHROMIUM HYDROXIDE GREEN • CI 77742 / MANGANESE VIOLET • CI 77947 / ZINC OXIDE • CI 77510 / FERRIC AMMONIUM FERROCYANIDE • CI 42090 / BLUE 1 LAKE • CI 19140 / YELLOW 5 LAKE]
Infallible® 8HR Le Gloss is a hydrating formula that keeps lips soft, smooth, colorful and glossy for eight shining hours. The patented Petit Couer applicator contours lips precisely, giving you a smooth, even, flawless finish every time. Available in a range of 20 sheer, luminous shades that stay true without changing, fading or dulling. Use it together with Infallible® Never Fail Makeup for a perfectly polished, long-lasting look. No Top coats. No Feathering. No Fading. It has to be Infallible®.
Infallible® 8HR Le Gloss is a hydrating formula that keeps lips soft, smooth, colorful and glossy for eight shining hours. The patented Petit Couer applicator contours lips precisely, giving you a smooth, even, flawless finish every time. Available in a range of 20 sheer, luminous shades that stay true without changing, fading or dulling. Use it together with Infallible® Never Fail Makeup for a perfectly polished, long-lasting look. No Top coats. No Feathering. No Fading. It has to be Infallible®.
A glossy, lacquered eye is now easier than ever to create. Infallible® Gel Lacquer Liner 24H glides on smoothly for a clean, precise line that keeps an intense, high-shine finish from dawn to dusk. Available in 5 rich, luminous shades.
Take your lips to the next level with Infallible® Le Rouge. This revolutionary and innovative formula delivers bold, luscious color that lasts all day long, making it the ultimate beauty indulgence. Infallible® Le Rouge Lipcolour offers up to 10 hours of vivid, hi-definition colour and shine, while hydrating Vitamin E keeps your lips moist and comfortable. Discover the truest color payoff in a creamy, conditioning base.
Enjoy beautifully defined eyes for up to 16 hours! Infallible® Never Fail Eyeliner is L’Oréal’s most advanced mechanical liner with superior long-wearing technology. The rich and creamy formula glides on easily and evenly and sets quickly for fade-proof color. Use the built-in smudger and sharpener to create versatile eye looks for any occasion.
Long-wearing lipcolour that will not disappoint. The Infallible® Never Fail Lipcolour's patented formula offers 16 hours of beautiful, comfortable color that won’t flake off or wear out mid-lip. An intensely moisturizing complex including Vitamin E protects and conditions lips, preventing moisture loss over time. A patented precision applicator and innovative mirrored packaging mean color goes on—and stays on—beautifully.
At last, the perfect addition to your long-lasting lipcolour collection, the Infallible® Never Fail Lip Liner. Define your favorite Infallible® Never Fail Lipcolour, Lipstick or Lipgloss with a longwearing liner designed to perfectly complement each shade. No touch-ups. No feathering. No fading. Rich and creamy formula goes on smooth and even leaving your lips soft and comfortable for hours. A sharpener is built-in for your convenience.
Enjoy flawlessly clean lines as precise as 0.4mm with The Super Slim by Infallible® Never Fail. The ultra-fine felt tip gives you total control, delivering the perfect amount of liner. The intense quick dry 12 HR formula glides on smoothly with continuous and even flow. In one stroke create sleek and sophisticated eyes.
Packed with conditioners, Extra Gentle 2-in-1 Blueberry Smoothie Shampoo’s creamy formula reduces dryness and increases manageability. A burst of Blueberry scent makes shampooing a fresh, fun experience. No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formula of L’Oréal Kids. It helps prevent split ends and conditions dry hair, leaving hair soft and manageable. Gentle formula is great for all hair types. Ophthalmologist tested so it’s absolutely tear free.
Tangle Tamer with a Burst of Sweet Pear’s spray-on conditioning formula detangles any type of hair in a flash. For use on wet or dry hair, it tackles the craziest knots and tames bed head, leaving hair clean and shiny all day! A burst of Sweet Pear makes taming hair pure, juicy fun. Goes great with any L’Oréal Kids gentle 2-in-1 shampoos. Ophthalmologist tested so it’s absolutely tear free. Plus it’s great for all hair types.
Tame unmanageable hair with Extra Gentle 2-in-1 Shampoo with a Burst of Cherry Almond Shampoo that leaves hair extra conditioned. A burst of Cherry Almond makes shampooing a giggling good time. No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formula of L’Oréal Kids. Its conditioners help stop flyaway hair, even if you shampoo at night. Ophthalmologist tested so it’s absolutely tear free. Plus it’s great for all hair types.
Extra Gentle 2-in-1 Shampoo with a Burst of Watermelon for Thick, Curly, or Wavy Hair softens and detangles coarse hair or crazy, corkscrew curls. A burst of Watermelon scent makes shampooing a fun, summery good time. No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formula of L’Oréal Kids. Its conditioners help stop flyaway hair even if you shampoo at night. Ophthalmologist tested so it’s absolutely tear free.
Extra Gentle 2-in-1 Swim & Sport Shampoo tackles the harsh effects of pool, salt water, and outdoor fun. A burst of Orange scent makes shampooing a fresh, sunny experience. Gentle conditioners remove chlorine, salt, and minerals after swimming, and dust and dirt after playing. They protect against the risk of green tones and ease detangling. Quench dryness and leave hair soft. Ophthalmologist tested so this conditioner is absolutely tear free.
Extra Gentle 2-in-1 Orange-Mango Smoothie Shampoo’s creamy formula gently cleanses hair, washes out easily, and leaves hair extra shiny and smooth. A burst of Orange Mango scent makes shampooing a fresh, tropical adventure. No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formula of L’Oréal Kids. It helps prevent split ends and conditions dry hair, leaving hair soft and manageable. Gentle formula is great for all hair types. Ophthalmologist tested so it’s absolutely tear free.
Extra Gentle 2-in-1 Strawberry Smoothie Shampoo’s creamy formula with rich moisturizers boosts hair’s softness, leaving it silky and smooth. A burst of Strawberry scent makes shampooing lots of fruity fun. No knots can resist the 2-in-1 shampoo of L’Oréal Kids. It helps prevent split ends and conditions dry hair, leaving hair soft and manageable. Gentle formula is great for all hair types. Ophthalmologist tested so it’s absolutely tear free.
La Petite Frost Hi-Precision Pull-Through Cap Highlights are ideal for short hair or for adding a few face-framing highlights. The easy highlighting cap lets you create perfectly placed, precise, even highlights—in as little as 20 minutes.
Stand out with a dramatically bold or sleek look. Lineur Intense® Brush Tip Liquid Eyeliner has a tapered natural brush that allows you to create the precise lines for your desired eye looks. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Clump-resistant. Fragrance-free.
The uniquely designed applicator of Lineur Intense® Felt Tip Liquid Eyeliner allows you to create delicately thin or dramatically bold lines with precision. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Eye Makeup Remover removes eye makeup instantly with a gentle, oil-free formula. Cleans delicate eye area without leaving a greasy film. Dermatologist-tested and safe for contact lens wearers.
Bring the fun back to bath time with these limited edition shampoos inspired by your favorite MADAGASCAR 3 characters! Our extra gentle formulas are super caring—so say goodbye to tears, knots and unruly hair. Extra gentle 2-in-1 formulas cleanse and condition hair leaving it soft and smelling great Tear free, paraben free, ophthalmologist and dermatologist tested! No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formulas of L’Oréal Kids. They detangle hair, help prevent split ends and condition, leaving hair soft and manageable Great for all hair types!
Bring the fun back to bath time with these limited edition shampoos inspired by your favorite MADAGASCAR 3 characters! Our extra gentle formulas are super caring—so say goodbye to tears, knots and unruly hair. Extra gentle 2-in-1 formulas cleanse and condition hair leaving it soft and smelling great Tear free, paraben free, ophthalmologist and dermatologist tested! No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formulas of L’Oréal Kids. They detangle hair, help prevent split ends and condition, leaving hair soft and manageable Great for all hair types!
Bring the fun back to bath time with these limited edition shampoos inspired by your favorite MADAGASCAR 3 characters! Our extra gentle formulas are super caring—so say goodbye to tears, knots and unruly hair. Extra gentle 2-in-1 formulas cleanse and condition hair leaving it soft and smelling great Tear free, paraben free, ophthalmologist and dermatologist tested! No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formulas of L’Oréal Kids. They detangle hair, help prevent split ends and condition, leaving hair soft and manageable Great for all hair types!
Bring the fun back to bath time with these limited edition shampoos inspired by your favorite MADAGASCAR 3 characters! Our extra gentle formulas are super caring—so say goodbye to tears, knots and unruly hair. Extra gentle 2-in-1 formulas cleanse and condition hair leaving it soft and smelling great Tear free, paraben free, ophthalmologist and dermatologist tested! No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formulas of L’Oréal Kids. They detangle hair, help prevent split ends and condition, leaving hair soft and manageable Great for all hair types!
L’Oréal’s Dual Sharpener is perfect for keeping all your pencils in shape for flawless application. Sharpens both traditional liners and jumbo pencils.
Smooth on a flush of blendable color with Magic Smooth Soufflé Blush. Its luxurious, air-whipped soufflé texture melts onto skin for seamless, weightless color. The result is a fresh, natural, all day finish.
Men’s Expert Comfort Max SPF 15 Anti-Irritation After Shave Balm is for men who want to soothe, protect, and hydrate their skin after shaving—without alcohol or irritation. Men who are concerned about sun damage and skin cancer and want broad-spectrum UVA/UVB protection.
For men who don’t want the world to know they were up late. Men’s Expert Hydra-Energetic Ice Cold Eye Roller is a refreshing wake-up call that dissolves signs of fatigue like dark under-eye circles and puffiness. Lightweight serum absorbs quickly and the hands-free application is fast and easy.
Men’s Expert Vita Lift Anti-Wrinkle & Firming Moisturizer is for men who are 45+. Men who are concerned about wrinkles, sagging skin, or loss of firmness.
Men’s Expert Vita Lift Anti-Wrinkle & Firming Moisturizer is for men who are 45+. Men who are concerned about wrinkles, sagging skin, or loss of firmness.
The perfect line starts here with Pencil Perfect® Self-Advancing Eyeliner. The creme formula glides on softly and smoothly for the perfect line every time! Ophthalmologist-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. All day wear. Smudge-proof.
Experience advanced action against the signs of aging. RevitaLift®Anti-Wrinkle + Firming Cream SPF 18, a unique daily moisturizer with broad spectrum UVA/UVB SPF 18 sunscreen protection, delivers smoother, firmer skin in just 4 weeks. Fortified with Pro-Retinol A® and Stimuplex™, Revitalift Anti-Wrinkle + Firming works to increase cell turnover, reduce wrinkles, firm skin, and provide 24-hour hydration.
Firmer lids. Fewer Wrinkles. Less Puffiness. Now, 360-degree action around the eyes for smoother, firmer skin in just 4 weeks. This unique daily moisturizer delivers anti-wrinkle and firming action, created specially to care for the delicate area around the eyes. Experience advanced action against the signs of aging. RevitaLift® Anti-Wrinkle + Firming Eye Cream (with Pro-Retinol A® and Stimuplex™) reduces wrinkles, firms skin, and reduces the “morning puffy look.”
This unique daily moisturizer delivers anti-wrinkle and firming action, created specially to care for your face and neck. Experience advanced action against the signs of aging wth smoother, firmer skin in just 4 weeks. RevitaLift® Anti-Wrinkle + Firming Face & Neck Contour Cream (with Pro-Retinol A® and Stimuplex™) increases cell turnover, reduces wrinkles, firms skin, and provides 24 hour moisturization.
This unique nighttime moisturizer delivers anti-wrinkle and firming action while you sleep. Each morning, skin will appear refreshed, radiant, and younger looking. Experience advanced action against the signs of aging with smoother, firmer skin in just 4 weeks. RevitaLift® Anti-Wrinkle + Firming Night Cream (with Pro-Retinol A® and Stimuplex™) reduces wrinkles, firms skin, and provides 24 hour moisturization.
Over 80% of wrinkles and skin aging are the result of UVA rays. RevitaLift® Anti-Wrinkle + Firming SPF 30 Day Lotion is now available in a potent formula that helps reverse the signs of photo-aging and better protects your skin. Broad spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen deflects damaging sunrays. The result is smoother, firmer skin in just 4 weeks.
Diminish the appearance of deep-set wrinkles, like forehead and furrow lines and enjoy younger-looking skin. RevitaLift® Deep-Set Wrinkle Repair is the first L'Oreal formula that specifically targets deep wrinkles from within by the power of Pro-Retinol A to reduce the size and depth of wrinkles. This luxurious cream nourishes and rejuvenates your skin while you sleep. After 4 weeks: See a reduction in wrinkles. Skin is noticeably firmer After 8 weeks: Deep-set wrinkles are visibly minimized Skin looks and feels younger
Diminish the appearance of deep-set wrinkles, like forehead and furrow lines and enjoy younger-looking skin. RevitaLift® Deep-Set Wrinkle Repair is the first L'Oreal formula that specifically targets deep wrinkles from within by the power of Pro-Retinol A to reduce the size and depth of wrinkles. This light-weight lotion provides 24 hour hydration and UVA/UVB SPF 15 protection from the harmful effects of the sun. After 4 weeks: See a reduction in wrinkles. Skin is noticeably firmer. After 8 weeks: Deep-set wrinkles are visibly minimized. Skin looks and feels younger.
Smoothes wrinkles under eye. Instantly lifts the eyelids.* When one step is no longer enough. Experience advanced action against the signs of aging. RevitaLift® Double Eye Lift is L’Oréal’s first double-action eye treatment that combines two exclusive, complementary formulas: fortified Pro-Retinol A® to minimize under-eye wrinkles and puffiness and Pro-Tensium E to instantly firm and lift the upper eye area.
This unique dual-action treatment instantly retightens skin and effectively fights wrinkles. RevitaLift® Double Lifting is the first double-action treatment that combines two exclusive complementary formulas in one application an ultra-concentrated lifting gel and a powerful anti-wrinkle cream for intense lifting action. The ultra-tightening gel contains three times the Pro-Tensium™ a new generation of retightening technology derived from minerals. In consumer testing, 62% of women saw tighter skin immediately.* Skin’s texture is smoother and pores are less noticeable. The comforting anti-wrinkle cream, enriched with fortified Pro-Retinol A®, penetrates the skin’s surface to effectively fight wrinkles and reduce the appearance of neck creases. In consumer testing, wrinkles were visibly reduced in four weeks, and 81% of women saw facial skin lifted and tightened.*
What Is Miracle Blur? It’s NOT a moisturizer, NOT a foundation, MORE than a primer; it’s the first of-its-kind Instant Skin Smoother. What Does It Do? Miracle Blur instantly erases the look of lines, wrinkles, and pores. Skin instantly looks and feels smooth, leaving a velvet soft matte finish that lasts all day. When Should I Use It? Miracle Blur should be applied daily after moisturizing as the final step in every woman’s skincare routine. Wear alone for a matte finish, or wear under makeup for smoother application and wear.
New RevitaLift ® Radiant Smoothing Cream Cleanser is specially formulated to nourish skin and boost radiance while gently exfoliating and removing all traces of impurities and makeup. Skin looks smoother, brighter and more refined. Helps to remove all traces of makeup and impurities. Gently exfoliates dead skin cells and helps enhance skin smoothness and radiance. When used as part of a complete skincare regimen, this cleanser complements the performance of your daily RevitaLift anti-aging moisturizer action.
New RevitaLift® Radiant Smoothing Wet Cleansing Towelettes are specially formulated to nourish skin and boost radiance while gently exfoliating and removing all traces of impurities and makeup. Skin looks smoother, brighter and more refined. Containing Revitalizing Vitamin C, these towelettes help remove all traces of makeup and impurities. Gently exfoliates skin dead cells and helps enhance skin smoothness and radiance. When used as part of a complete skincare regimen, it complements the performance of your daily RevitaLift anti-aging moisturizer action.
L'Oréal Paris RevitaLift® presents the next generation of skincare, RevitaLift Triple Power™ Deep-Acting Moisturizer. This powerful, luxurious moisturizer goes beyond a simple anti-aging cream to address 3 dimensions that visibly age skin: 1. Fight Wrinkles 2. Re-Firm Contours 3. Replenish Facial Volume
L’Oréal Paris RevitaLift® presents the next generation of skincare, RevitaLift Triple Power™ Eye Treatment. This powerful, luxurious eye treatment goes beyond a simple anti-aging cream to address 3 dimensions that age the delicate eye area: 1. Fight Wrinkles 2. Reduce Bags 3. Lift Eye Area Why Is It Different? Powered by Pro-Xylane™, which is shown to stimulate collagen production* Formula with Hyaluronic Acid quickly penetrates skin to help fight each wrinkle Designed with a cooling tip applicator
L’Oreal Paris Revitalift® presents Revitalift Triple PowerTM SPF 30 Day Lotion, a luxurious, powerful anti-aging moisturizer that goes beyond a one-dimensional approach to address three dimensions of aging. 1. Repairs Wrinkles 2. Re-Firms Contours 3. Replenishes Facial Volume. When incorporated into your daily beauty routine, skin becomes smooth, supple, and flawless.
Discover a breakthrough in root touch-ups. Root Rescue™ is a quick, precise and gentle way to cover roots in just 10 minutes. The low-ammonia formula covers 100% of grays and matches seamlessly with at-home and salon haircolor. No uneven touch-ups, just beautiful, seamless color from root to tip.
Give your do a serious lift with Studio Body Builder Volume Mousse. Get long lasting body and volume without the sticky stiffness.
Structure any style with clean definition with Studio Clean Gel. It keeps your style firmly in line without the build-up baggage.
Rise above with Studio Above It All Invisi Gel®, which adds body and fullness with extreme hold to down-and-out hair. You have lofty goals for your style.
You’re in great hands with Studio Head Lock Mega Gel, which takes your style where you want it to go and provides lasting control for hard-to-hold styles.
Studio Strong Suit Mega Spritz is the extreme holding disciplinarian that shows your hair who’s boss and keeps it in line.
Take your style anywhere with Studio Mega Gel. It provides long lasting control, structure and definition for hard-to-hold styles.
You have long term plans for your style. Studio Mega Hairspray helps you lock your style into place for 24 hours and keeps it shiny to the last strand.
The non-stiff Studio Melting Gel leaves your style smooth and looking light and fresh with a strong hold and shine.
Rethink, rework and recreate with Studio Overworked Hair Putty. It works overtime to give you texture and thickness to help you attain and hold any look.
Pump up the volume on tired hair with Studio Pumping Volume Spritz. It adds volume and shine for a style that’s full of body and never weighed down.
Curls always getting their way? Give them a strong dose of discipline and shine with Studio Silky Curls Gel for defined curls and frizz control.
Let your curls bounce with Studio Springing Curls Mousse. It adds lightweight moisture to keep frizz under control and create that body-full curly style.
Studio Clear Minded Clean Gel® provides strong hold that keeps your style in place without the drama of styling build-up baggage. When there’s no build-up, you can start each day with a clean slate.
You have a lot weighing on your mind, so your styling gel should never be increasing the burden. Studio Light Headed Melting Gel® leaves your style looking light and fresh—with a strong hold that lasts.
Studio Overworked Hair Putty works overtime to help you attain and hold any look.
Studio Unkempt Out of Bed® Texturizer gives you a messy, piecey style, with texture and control that’s all your own.
Discover the secret to a flawlessly even skin tone—in an instant. Studio Secrets™ Professional Color Correcting Primers glide on smoothly to immediately correct and improve the look of your complexion. Each of the three professional correctors is formulated to address your unique skin type: Anti-Redness: neutralizes redness Anti-Dull Skin (light skin): illuminates and adds warmth to light complexions, and Anti-Dull Skin (medium/deep skin): gives a radiant, healthy glow to medium/dark skin tones. Wear alone or under makeup for a naturally gorgeous look.
Discover the secret to a flawlessly even skin tone—in an instant. Studio Secrets™ Professional Color Correcting Primers glide on smoothly to immediately correct and improve the look of your complexion. Each of the three professional correctors is formulated to address your unique skin type: Anti-Redness: neutralizes redness Anti-Dull Skin (light skin): illuminates and adds warmth to light complexions, and Anti-Dull Skin (medium/deep skin): gives a radiant, healthy glow to medium/dark skin tones. Wear alone or under makeup for a naturally gorgeous look.
Discover the secret to a flawlessly even skin tone—in an instant. Studio Secrets™ Professional Color Correcting Primers glide on smoothly to immediately correct and improve the look of your complexion. Each of the three professional correctors is formulated to address your unique skin type: Anti-Redness: neutralizes redness Anti-Dull Skin (light skin): illuminates and adds warmth to light complexions, and Anti-Dull Skin (medium/deep skin): gives a radiant, healthy glow to medium/dark skin tones. Wear alone or under makeup for a naturally gorgeous look.
Discover the secret for maximizing your natural eye color with Studio Secrets™ Professional Eye Shadows Created by L’Oréal makeup artists. These beautifully coordinated shadows take the guesswork out of choosing the right shades to maximize your natural eye color. Discover a range of singles, duos, and quads designed specifically for your eye color.
Introducing the first self-tanning gel free of parabens. The innovative Sublime Bronze™ Clear Self-Tanning Gel A Splash of Sun combines the comfort of a cooling gel formula with the convenience of a spray bottle, for an easy, mess-proof application. Achieve a sublime, stain-free, streak-free natural glow in just a few hours while enjoying the cooling sensation and light citrus scent. Continue to use until you have achieved your desired bronzing level. Available in a medium-tone bronze finish to complement all skin tones.
Go from pale princess to luminous bronze goddess in an instant. With light-reflecting micro-particles, NEW Sublime Bronze™ Luminous Bronzer instantly illuminates your skin for a natural-looking, long-lasting bronze glow. Enriched with fast-action self tanners and Vitamin E, a powerful anti-oxidant, this quick-drying lotion replenishes skin as your sunless tan develops. A beautifully radiant sun-kissed look, streak-free, sun-free. All with a new deliciously fresh summer scent. Now, Summer never has to end.
Introducing NEW Sublime Bronze Pro Perfect Airbrush Self-Tanning Mist gives you salon perfect tanning results at home. Inspired by professional techniques, the super-fine 360° continuous mist coats skin evenly with the wide angled jet applicator and dries instantly allowing for ultra-even application and natural-looking, streak-free results — even on the areas that are hardest to reach, like the back of your legs. Made with Vitamin E and gentle AHAs* to provide a beautiful, 100% natural-looking tan and ultra-smooth skin. Continue to use Sublime Bronze until you have reached your desired level of tan. *With alpha hydroxyl acid (AHA) derivative.
Get the gorgeous salon-perfect tan at home. Inspired by professional techniques, the new Sublime Bronze™ ProPerfect Salon Airbrush Self-Tanning Mist comes with a wide angle jet applicator and provides continuous 360° coverage for ultra-even, long-lasting results. This super-fine mist, with a fresh new citrus scent, applies evenly and flash dries, with no need to rub it in. No streaks, just a lovely, natural-looking tan.
Sublime Bronze™ Gelée’s unique ultra-lightweight formula applies easily and dries quickly. Made with Vitamin E and gentle AHAs*, Sublime Bronze™ Self-Tanning Gelée for Medium Natural Tan leaves your skin feeling soft and smooth. Gelée for Medum Natural Tan will be two shades darker than your natural skin tone. Results may vary. Continue to use Sublime Bronze™ until you have reached your desired level of tan.
Sublime Bronze™ Self-Tanning Lotion with SPF 15 for Medium Natural Tan provides broad-spectrum UVA/UVB protection from the sun while a perfect sunless tan develops. SPF 15 lotion combines Vitamin E and gentle AHAs* to provide a beautiful, 100% natural-looking tan and ultra-smooth skin. Medium Natural Tan will be two shades darker than your natural skin tone. Results may vary. Continue to use Sublime Bronze™ until you have reached your desired level of tan.
Treat yourself to an instant, streak-free tan. Sublime Bronze™ Tinted Self-Tanning Lotion for Medium Natural Tan provides an instant bronze glow while a streak-free sunless tan develops. Vitamin E and gentle AHAs* leave the skin smooth and soft. Medium Natural Tan will be two shades darker than your natural skin tone. Results may vary. Continue to use Sublime Bronze™ until you have reached your desired level of tan.
Convenient and easy to use, these Sublime Bronze™ Towelettes for Body create a streak-free, natural looking tan. With enough self-tanner for one application, each towelette is perfect for at home or on the go. Made with Vitamin E and gentle AHAs* to provide beautiful, 100% natural-looking tan and ultra-smooth skin. Your tan will be two shades darker than your natural skin tone. Results may vary. Continue to use Sublime Bronze™ until you have reached your desired level of tan.
Get a beautiful glow of summer all year round with Sublime Glow Daily Body Moisturizer + Natural Skin Tone Enhancer for Medium Skin Tones. Perfect for brunettes or anyone who tans easily in the sun. This daily moisturizer and natural skin-tone enhancer is specifically designed to work with your body’s unique chemistry. Advanced skin-tone-specific formulas gradually deepen your skin’s natural complexion for the perfect dose of healthy summer color every time you moisturize.
Sublime Mousse by Healthy Look® is a permanent conditioning hair color that provides beautiful, natural-looking color without the drips. The luscious mousse is as easy to apply as shampoo – no more parting or separating. Lively, shiny color with perfect gray coverage, it’s hair color to fall in love with!
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 30 Liquid Silk Lotion. Formulated with the exclusive “shake-shake” technology for advanced, ultra-light coverage and powerful sun protection. The exclusive patented UV filter system delivers long-lasting broad-spectrum protection. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. This virtually weightless lotion, specifically designed for the face is instantly absorbed and layers invisibly under makeup, leaving skin silky soft and smooth.  Sheer fast-absorbing, matte finish  Non-greasy  Ultra water and sweat resistant  Oil-free, non-pore clogging  Dermatologist tested
Protect against UVA/UVB damage with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 100 Lotion. This exclusive patented UV filter system delivers a long-lasting broad-spectrum shield with a unique, ultra-hydrating, non-whitening sheer formula. This virtually weightless lotion is instantly absorbed leaving skin hydrated, with no greasy residue silky soft and smooth.  Ultra-hydrating; never whitening; satin finish Non-greasy Ultra water and sweat resistant Oil-free, non-pore clogging Dermatologist tested
The next generation of sun protection! Protect skin from UVA/UVB rays with Sublime Sun Sheer Protect SPF 15 Sunscreen Oil. This innovative, high performance sun protection oil is powered by an exclusive patented UV filtering system to deliver long-lasting broad-spectrum protection in a unique, lightweight non-greasy spray. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. This innovative oil protection spray glides effortlessly onto skin, leaving skin feeling nourished and moisturized.  Non-greasy, non-sticky  Transparent, mess-free protection  Ultra water and sweat resistant
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Sheer Protect SPF 30 Sunscreen Oil. This innovative high performance oil delivers long-lasting broad-spectrum protection in a unique, luxurious silky spray. The spray instantly conditions skin, leaving skin feeling fresh and sumptuous. Luxurious texture. Ultra water and sweat resistant. Dermatologist tested.
The next generation of sun protection! The first High SPF protection oil. Protect skin from UVA/UVB rays with Sublime Sun Sheer Protect SPF 50 Sunscreen Oil. This innovative, high performance sun protection oil is powered by an exclusive patented UV filtering system to deliver long-lasting broad-spectrum protection in a unique, lightweight non-greasy spray. This innovative oil protection spray glides effortlessly onto skin, leaving skin feeling nourished and moisturized.  Non-greasy, non-sticky  Transparent, mess-free protection Ultra water and sweat resistant Dermatologist tested
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 30 Crystal Clear Mist. This exclusive patented UV filter system delivers long-lasting broad spectrum protection with a unique, luxurious crystal clear mist. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. The continuous spray mist instantly disappears into skin, leaving skin feeling fresh with no greasy residue.
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 30 Hydra Lotion Spray. This exclusive patented UV filter system delivers long-lasting broad spectrum protection with a unique, luxuriously sheer formula. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. This lightweight, continuous spray lotion instantly melts in for super hydrated, silky soft skin.
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 30 Lotion. This exclusive patented UV filter system delivers long-lasting broad spectrum protection with a unique, luxuriously sheer formula. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. This ultra-lightweight lotion is instantly absorbed with no greasy residue, leaving skin silky soft.
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 50+ Crystal Clear Spray. This exclusive patented UV filter system delivers long-lasting broad spectrum protection with a unique, luxurious crystal clear mist. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. The continuous spray mist instantly disappears into skin, leaving skin feeling fresh with no greasy residue.
Protect and perfect with Sublime Sun Advanced Sunscreen SPF 50+ Liquid Silk Sunshield For Face. This exclusive patented UV filter system delivers long-lasting broad spectrum protection with a unique, luxuriously sheer formula. It’s also infused with powerful antioxidants like vitamin E and white grape seed that enhance the benefits of sunscreen to help keep skin healthy and youthful-looking. This virtually weightless lotion is instantly absorbed and layers invisibly under makeup, leaving skin silky soft and smooth.
Get the gorgeous, luminous Super Blonde® hair you’ve always wanted. Advanced super-lightening action delivers smooth, even blonding from root to tip and lightens natural or color-treated hair in one simple step. Super-rich creme protects and conditions as it lightens, and the specially formulated conditioning shampoo deeply hydrates, keeping hair soft and manageable.
L’Oréal presents Telescopic® Carbon Black Mascara, for lashes with dramatic length and 2X* the intensity. The Flexible Precision Brush instantly lengthens up to 60%, while Carbon Black pigments dramatize your look. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. *2X more intense pigments compared to L’Oréal’s regular Black shade.
Telescopic® Original Mascara enhances your lashes with intense length and unique lash by lash separation. The flat side of the patented flexible Precision Brush lengthens lashes up to 60%, while the comb side of the brush precisely separates lashes for a clump-free result. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Now, give your eyes dramatic definition that lasts all day. Telescopic™ Waterproof Precision Liquid Eyeliner is the perfect companion to Telescopic® Mascara for a precisely defined and intense eye look. The Slanted Precision Felt Tip is angled for the most accurate application, and the glide-on formula delivers 16-hour wear that’s swim-proof, sweat-proof and smudge-proof. All-day wear. Glides on without smudging or smearing. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested.
L’Oreal introduces liquid extensions in a bottle, with new Telescopic™ Shocking Extensions™ mascara, a new generation of lash length. In one motion lashes are separated, intensified, and look shockingly lengthened for an intense make-up result. Clump-free, flake-free, smudge-free Ophthalmologist and allergy tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Now, give your eyes dramatic definition that lasts all day. Telescopic™ Waterproof Precision Liquid Eyeliner is the perfect companion to Telescopic® Mascara for a precisely defined and intense eye look. The Slanted Precision Felt Tip is angled for the most accurate application, and the glide-on formula delivers 16-hour wear that’s swim-proof, sweat-proof and smudge-proof. All-day wear. Glides on without smudging or smearing. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested.
The One Sweep™ Sculpting Blush Duo instantly enhances cheekbones with an instant sweep of blush and sculpting color. The unique brush applicator flawlessly applies 2 shades in a single sweeping motion. Blush shade instantly enhances cheeks Sculpting shade instantly contours and defines
Touch-On Highlights puts naturally radiant, dimensional highlights at your fingertip. The innovative Control-Touch FingerTIP applicator offers precise control for even highlights from root to tip. Create any look you choose, from subtle to dramatic. No Caps, no foils, no hassles.
True Match™ Blush flawlessly complements your skin’s tone and texture. Coordinates perfectly with True Match™ Makeup, Powder, and Concealer. True-to-life shades precisely match your skin tone and undertone, leaving you with the most natural flush of color imaginable.
Brighten skin with natural, healthy-looking cheek color. The gentle formula of True Match Naturale™ Gentle Mineral Blush is safe for sensitive skin and won’t clog pores. Available in four shades.
Visible Lift® Color Lift Blush contours and illuminates cheekbones for a more radiant, youthful looking complexion. The hybrid cream to powder formula has a silky, lightweight texture that does not settle into fine lines, giving complexions a flawless even tone. Visible Lift Color Lift Blush is infused with tourmaline pearls for optimized radiance to revitalize the complexion and create a healthy glow.
Color Vive Shampoo for Color-Treated Hair. Gently cleanses without stripping or fading color.* Helps keep color truer, longer. *Using Shampoo and conditioner based on consumer perception.
Color Vive Shampoo for Color-Treated Hair That’s Regular gently cleanses without stripping or dulling color. UV filters and Anti-Oxidants help fight environmental elements so that your rich color stays truer longer.
Color Vive Shampoo for Highlighted Hair keeps highlights from fading and instantly illuminates each highlighted strand with shine. UV filters and Anti-Oxidants fight free radicals to help protect rich color.
Vive Pro for Men Absolute Clean Hair & Body Wash is the ultimate cleanser. It combines shampoo, conditioner and body wash in one to quickly clean and condition hair and skin. It leaves you feeling and smelling fresh and energized.
A Boost of Volume with Glossy Shine Glossy Volume Conditioner for Normal Hair gently conditions and detangles locks without weighting hair down. Hair is transformed from limp and dull to full and shiny.
A Boost of Volume with Glossy Shine Glossy Volume Shampoo for Fine Hair adds lightweight body and volume to flat, limp locks and ignites fine hair with glossy shine. Hair is transformed from limp and dull to full and shiny.
A Boost of Volume with Glossy Shine Glossy Volume Shampoo for Normal Hair adds lightweight body and volume to flat, limp locks and ignites fine hair with glossy shine. Hair is transformed from limp and dull to full and shiny.
Give your hair the royal treatment! Hydra Gloss Moisturizing Shampoo for Dry Hair made with Royal Jelly, nature’s superfood concentrate with the most essential nutrients for the queen bee, nourishes hair that’s dry and dull with up to 7X more moisture. The result? Leaves hair soft and shiny with a hi-gloss finish.
Give your hair the royal treatment! Hydra Gloss Moisturizing Shampoo for Very Dry/Damaged Hair made with Royal Jelly, nature’s superfood concentrate with the most essential nutrients for the queen bee, nourishes hair that’s dry and dull with up to 7X more moisture. The result? Leaves hair soft and shiny with a hi-gloss finish.
Nutri Gloss Conditioner for Medium to Long Hair That’s Damaged gently conditions and helps defend against split ends. Each strand is left nourished and transformed from dull to glossy, healthy, and shiny.
Nutri Gloss Shampoo for Medium to Long Hair That’s Normal to Fine gently cleanses without weighing down hair, igniting glossy, healthy shine. Hair is transformed from limp to light and bouncy.
Smooth Gloss Conditioner for Dry, Frizzy Hair with Medium Texture conditions and detangles dry hair, smoothing each strand to create more softness. Hair’s moisture is replenished, bringing back luster and boosting manageability.
Voluminous® Carbon Black Volume Building Mascara is uniquely formulated to resist clumping, soften and build lashes up to 5X their natural thickness with 2X the intensity of your regular black shade. -The unique maximizing formula quickly thickens and builds lashes in a single application for a full and dramatic look. -The Volume Maximizing Brush thickens lashes evenly and smoothly, leaving them soft with virtually no flakes, smudges or clumps. Clump-resistant. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Extra-Volume Collagen Mascara with lash-plumping technology delivers breathtaking volume and incredible wear. -The Hydra-Collagen Complex Formula is infused with collagen, to enhance the thickness of your lashes for up to 12X more impact without any clumps. -Patented Instant Impact Brush is 50% bigger than a classic brush so it builds that incredible volume fast. Clump-free. Flake-free. Smudge-free. Ophthalmologist and allergy tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Extra-Volume Collagen Waterproof Mascara with lash-plumping technology delivers breathtaking volume and incredible wear. -The Hydra-Collagen Complex Formula is infused with collagen, to enhance the thickness of your lashes for up to 12X more impact without any clumps. -Patented Instant Impact Brush is 50% bigger than a classic brush so it builds that incredible volume fast. Clump-free. Flake-free. Smudge-free. Ophthalmologist and allergy tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous False Fiber Lashes™ Mascara with a sculpting fiber formula that adheres to lashes for a volumized, sculpted lash effect. Lashes appear fuller, longer, sculpted and curled at evey angle. Clump-free. Flake-free. Smudge-free. Frangance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous False Fiber Lashes™ Waterproof Mascara with a sculpting fiber formula that adheres to lashes for a volumized, sculpted lash effect. Lashes appear fuller, longer, sculpted and curled at evey angle. Clump-free. Flake-free. Smudge-free. Frangance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Full Definition Volume Building Mascara creates defined lashes that are naturally smooth and soft. -The Volume Maximizing Brush combs through lashes, depositing just the right amount of product for a clump-free, separated look. -The Full Definition Formula with Pro-Vitamin B5 and Ceramide-R creates an exceptionally smooth mascara that glides without clumping. -The unique Conditioning System with Vitamin E uses the latest hair care technology to nourish each lash. Flake-free. Smudge-proof. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Volume Building Mascara is uniquely formulated to resist clumping, soften and build lashes up to 5X their natural thickness. -The unique maximizing formula quickly thickens and builds lashes in a single application for a full and dramatic look. -The Volume Maximizing Curved Brush matches the shape of your lashes to thicken lashes evenly and smoothly, leaving them soft with virtually no flakes, smudges, or clumps. Clump-resistant. Fragrance-free.Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Million Lashes™ Mascara has a revolutionary collagen infused formula and Millionizer Brush for amplified volume and definition. -The luxurious, buildable, No Clump Formula amplifies each lash instantly. Glides on smoothly, and lasts all day, while thickening and separating every lash for a clump-free, smudge-free look. -The Millionizer Brush is uniquely designed to amplify and seprate lashes from corner to corner while building breathtaking volume. -The built-in Clean Sweep Wiping System wipes the brush free of clumps leaving the perfect amount of mascara for an ultra-volumized clean lash look. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Million Lashes™ Waterproof Mascara has a revolutionary collagen infused formula and Millionizer Brush for amplified volume and definition. -The luxurious, buildable, No Clump Formula amplifies each lash instantly. Glides on smoothly, and lasts all day, while thickening and separating every lash for a clump-free, smudge-free look. -The Millionizer Brush is uniquely designed to amplify and seprate lashes from corner to corner while building breathtaking volume. -The built-in Clean Sweep Wiping System wipes the brush free of clumps leaving the perfect amount of mascara for an ultra-volumized clean lash look. Clump-free. Flake-free. Smudge-proof. All-day waterproof wear. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Design a soft or dramatic liner look with Voluminous® Eyeliner Mistake-Proof Marker. The Slanted Applicator provides a controlled and continuous flow for ultimate precision. Ophthalmologist and allergy tested and suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. All day wear up to 8 hours. Water-resistant. Won’t smudge, smear or fade. Removes easily with eye makeup remover. Fragrance-free.
Voluminous® Naturale Mascara, for lashes with natural-looking volume and perfect definition. -The lightweight volumizing formula glides on smoothly and evenly to enhance fullness. -The Volumizing Definition Brush perfectly builds and defines lashes, for a clump-free, defined lash look. -The built-in Clean Sweep Brush System wipes each and every bristle perfectly clean, for an even, clump-free application. Smudge-resistant. Flake-resistant. Water-resistant. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Volume Building Mascara is uniquely formulated to resist clumping, soften and build lashes up to 5X their natural thickness. -The unique maximizing formula quickly thickens and builds lashes in a single application for a full and dramatic look. -The Volume Maximizing Brush thickens lashes evenly and smoothly, leaving them soft with virtually no flakes, smudges or clumps. Clump-resistant. Fragrance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Voluminous® Power Volume 24H Mascara has a formula with collagen spheres and a mega brush that gives lashes 15X more impact and 24 hours of volume for fuller-looking, plumped up lashes. Clump-free. Flake-free. Smudge-free. Frangance-free. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Dare to go from everyday to exotic with Voluminous® Smoldering Eyeliner. The secret to its intensity is in the dark kajal formula. Used for centuries by women in India and other Eastern parts of the world, kajal is a richly intense black ingredient that delivers stunning definition. And with Voluminous® Smoldering Eyeliner’s unique conal tip, it glides on effortlessly for a dramatic, captivating eye look. Includes custom sharpener to maintain contouring pencil shape.
Voluminous® Waterproof Volume Building Mascara is uniquely formulated to resist clumping, soften and build lashes up to 4X their natural thickness. -The unique maximizing formula quickly thickens and builds lashes in a single application for a full and dramatic look. -The Volume Maximizing Brush thickens lashes evenly and smoothly, leaving them soft with virtually no flakes, smudges or clumps. Clump-resistant. Fragrance-free. All-day wear. Ophthalmologist-tested and allergy-tested. Suitable for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers.
Fact: Dark spots, age spots, sun damage and post acne marks can make skin appear up to 10 years older. Restore luminosity and fight discoloration with Youth Code™ Dark Spot Correcting & Illuminating SPF 30 Day Cream. This rich, hydrating formula prevents future discolorations from forming while minimizing the appearance of existing dark spots for a more even, radiant and youthful complexion.
This potent, lightweight, oil-free lotion boosts skin’s natural powers of regeneration so it regains the qualities of young skin – skin looks rested, smoother and youthfully luminous. Signs of stress, fatigue and aging are visibly diminished. Plus, skin is protected with broad spectrum UVA/UVB SPF 30 to help prevent future signs of damage.
This potent daily moisturizer boosts skin’s natural powers of regeneration so it regains the qualities of young skin – skin looks rested, smoother and youthfully luminous. Signs of stress, fatigue and aging are visibly diminished. This unique, luxurious formula leaves a light, velvety smooth finish. Apply in the morning to illuminate* skin tone. Apply in the evening for overnight recovery.
This potent daily eye treatment boosts skin’s natural powers of regeneration so it regains the qualities of young skin – skin looks rested, smoother and youthfully luminous. A unique metal-tip applicator cools as it de-puffs under-eye bags. Light diffusing micro-pearls illuminate dark circles.
Youth Code™ Youth Regenerating Skincare Foaming Gel Cleanser removes impurities and gently exfoliates revealing smooth, luminous, younger-looking skin. Oil-free and safe to remove makeup around the eye area, it’s the perfect addition to your Youth Code™ regimen.
L'Oreal Colour Riche Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $7.95. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Colour Riche Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 90 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal The One Sweep Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $9.95. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal The One Sweep Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Color Smokes Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $5.99. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Color Smokes Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal HiP Eyeshadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $8.25. There are 30 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal HiP Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 56 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Studio Secrets Professional Eyeshadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $5.48. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Studio Secrets Professional Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 72 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal HiP Studio Secrets Professional Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Studio Secrets Professional Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $7.15. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 109 Small Contour Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 116 Blush Blush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 129 Powder/Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 129SH Powder/Blush Brush is a Brush.
MAC 130 Short Duo Fibre is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 131 Duo Fibre Powder/Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 134 Large Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 150 Large Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 162 Small Angled Contour is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 165 Tapered Cheek/Highlight Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 168 Large Angled Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 169 Angled Blush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 179 Body Buffer Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 181 Small Buffer Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 182 Buffer Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 184 Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 187 Stippling Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 188 Small Duo Fibre Face is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 189 Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 190 Foundation Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 191 Brush is a Brush.
MAC 191 Square Foundation Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 192 Cheek/Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 194 Concealer Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 195 Concealer Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 202 Sponge-tip Applicator is a Brush.
MAC 205 Mascara Brush is a Brush.
MAC 206 Brow Groomer is a Brush.
MAC 208 Angled Brow Brush is a Brush.
MAC 208SH Angled Brow Brush is a Brush.
MAC 209 Angled Brow Brush is a Brush.
MAC 209 Precise Eye Liner Brush is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 210 Angled Brow Brush is a Brush.
MAC 211 Angled Brow Brush is a Brush.
MAC 211 Fine Point Pencil is a Brush.
MAC 212 Flat Definer Brush is a Brush.
MAC 213 Shader Brush is a Brush.
MAC 214 Short Shader Brush is a Brush.
MAC 215 Medium Shader Brush is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 222 Tapered is a Brush.
MAC 226 Small Tapered Blending Brush is a Brush.
MAC 227 Large Fluff Brush is a Brush.
MAC 228 Mini Shader is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 231 Small Shader is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 242 Shader Brush is a Brush.
MAC 249 Large Shader Brush is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 259 Square Shader Brush is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 263 Small Angle Brush is a Brush.
MAC 269 Medium Angle Brush is a Brush.
MAC 272 Small Angled Shader Brush is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 306 Lip Brush is a Brush.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC 3D Glass is a Lipgloss that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC Africanimal is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Air of Style is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC All Over Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Art of Powder Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Art of Powder Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Asphalt Flower is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A silky-soft “beauty” powder that's delicately tinted and luxuriously pearlized.
MAC Beauty Powder (Loose) is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC DressCamp that is limited edition.
MAC Big Bounce Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $16.50 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC Springshine is a satin finish that is limited edition and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
MAC Blushcreme is a Blush. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Glowing tan with multidimensional golden shimmer
MAC Bronze is a frost finish that is permanent and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Self-propelling, brow defining. Confidently adds what you need: shape, colour, density in one streamlined tool. Lose your pencil sharpener. Extend your arches.
MAC Bronzing Stick is a Bronzer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A slimline wax-style grooming tool specially formulated to shape and hold the brows in place while providing them with a sheer, slick, polished and conditioned-looking finish. Smooth, non-sticky, easy to use. Comes in a slim mechanical applicator. Goes on smoothly, precisely via its slant tip.
Long-wearing waterproof gel in a pot for giving precise definition to brows. Applies smoothly, sets quickly for the ultimate well-groomed brow. Fills, lengthens and shapes for subtle to dramatic looks.
A brush-on gel that grooms and slicks brows into shape without flaking or stiffening them. Can be used on its own, or stroke over brow pencil for a nice, natural look. May also be used on lashes, sideburns and chops—any facial hair.
MAC Brow Shader is a Brow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Cheek Jelly is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Cheekhue is a Blush. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Chroma Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A creamy, soft-point pencil ideal for use as a liner, or to outline and define designs. Provides a bold, intensely smooth application with a well-defined, pigment-rich line.
A waterproof gel/cream liner that provides all the smooth graphic benefits of a liquid liner. Creates precise, long-lasting lines of intense colour with dense matte coverage. Versatile palette offers both vibrantly bright and blackened shades. Applies smoothly, sets quickly. Waterproof and smudge-proof. Best when used with professional tools and brushes.
MAC Chromeglass is a Lipgloss. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Coloring Stick is a Tools. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Colour Form Powder is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Cream Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Versatile and multi-purpose, Cream Colour Base can be applied directly to bare skin, or layered over foundation, moisturizer, or powder. Apply with a brush, sponge, or fingers. Colour effects range from a light veil to highly dramatic, depending on method of application. Fragrance-free. (The following shades are not recommended for use in lip area: Fawntastic and Black. The following shades are not recommended for use in the eye area: Fabulush and Improper Copper.)
MAC Creations: Pinkaura is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black
MAC Cremeblend Blush is a Blush that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.19 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A lip finish that fuses the creamy, sheen-filled nature of Cremesheen lipstick with the shine of M·A·C Lipglass. Soft, comfortable, non-sticky. Use as a top layer over its namesake lipstick or on its own.
A creamy, highly pigmented, retractable lip liner. Lightweight and smooth to apply: very long-lasting. Use as outline or as a “fill.” Helps prevent feathering and bleeding. Use with any M·A·C lipstick or gloss.
MAC Crushed Metallic Pigment is a Eyeshadow that retails for $32.50 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 36 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Deep purple with multi-pearl
Defines, exaggerates volume, lengthens. Compact, slightly sculpted brush singles out and boosts lashes to a plush, full-bodied curve. Rich formula quickly coats from root to tip. Keeps lashes soft, light and flexible. Long-wearing, Non-smudging, flake resistant.
Lipcolour that dazzles with light and shine to bring an exciting dimensional pop to your lips. Large particle pearls reflect and refract light to mimic the brilliance of quartz and opal crystal. Provides exceptional shine with a crystalline iridescence. Non-sticky, non-tacky, lightweight and moisturizing. Glides on. Wear alone, or layer over lipstick or Lipglass for dramatic effect. Features our signature M·A·C vanilla aroma.
Lipcolour that dazzles with light and shine to bring an exciting dimensional pop to your lips. Large particle pearls reflect and refract light to mimic the brilliance of quartz and opal crystal. Provides exceptional shine with a crystalline iridescence. Non-sticky, non-tacky, lightweight and moisturizing. Glides on. Wear alone, or layer over lipstick or Lipglass for dramatic effect. Features our signature M·A·C vanilla aroma.
True black/Turquoise with silver glitter
Self-propelling, self-sharpening, brow defining. Confidently adds what you need: shape, colour, density in one streamlined tool. Like a pen, creates its own just-right point. Provides definition, shape, deepens/fills in colour. Creates striking arches. Easy to tote around. No sharpener needed.
A soft-on pencil liner that lines, defines and shades the eyes with rich colour and a silky-smooth, matte/pearl finish. Ophthalmologist tested.
Eye Pencils are formulated to provide rich, consistent colour using ingredients that have virtually no irritancy potential. They are comfortable to apply and sharpen to a fine point to allow for a precise application. Eye Pencils can be used to create a sharp line or a softer, smoky effect. They are long-lasting and won't cake or streak.
M·A·C Eyeshadow is a highly pigmented powder formula that applies evenly and blends well. Suitable for use either wet or dry, it's available in a wide variety of textures and finishes.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Deep black
MAC Fine Point Lip Liner is a Lip Liner. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ultra-smooth, Fluidline's gel formula provides the precision of a liquid liner with a silkier, softer finish. Goes on “foolproof” with a brush in an easy dip-and-stroke action. Long-wearing. Smudge-proof. Lines up in a rich array of colours and finishes. Brush sold separately.
MAC Gleam Coat is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Glimmerglass is a Lipgloss. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Glimmershimmer is a Highlighter. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
M·A·C Glitter can be applied directly to the skin or combined with products to create high-level glitter and sparkle effects on all areas of the face, skin and hair. Please note: Glitter is not eye safe and is not recommended for use on this area of the face.
MAC Glitter Cream is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Glitter Crème is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Glitter Eye Liner is a Eyeliner. There are 28 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC Glitz Gloss is a Highlighter. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 29 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC Grease Paint Stick is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Grease Paintstick is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Greasepaint Stick is a Eyeshadow. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A two-in-one mascara that lets you choose if you want lashes to be naturally defined, or instantly combed and loaded for full-on drama. Easy to use dual-wiper system allows this lightweight formula to go on either way. One wiper refines the application for a clean sweep, while the other loads the lashes for greater impact.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC Golden Nectar that is limited edition and retails for $35.50 and contains 0.35 oz.
MAC Hue: Emeraldaire is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Greenify is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Pinkaura is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Tarnished Love is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: C-Squeeze is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Dejarose is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Turquatic is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Turquatic Heat is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Hue: Violetrix is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Impeccable Brow Pencil is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Iridescent Powder is a finely milled mixture of Mica and pigments which gives the skin a beautiful sheen. It can be used on its own or mixed into other products like foundations or moisturizers to enhance their iridescent qualities. Designed to apply easily and uniformly without streaking and caking, it blends beautifully and can be applied on bare skin or over foundation. Because it's so concentrated it should be used sparingly at first. Apply Iridescent Powder with #129 Powder/Blush Brush for the desired effect.
MAC Iridescent Powder/Pressed is a Highlighter. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Just A Pinch Gel Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A kohl pencil that has all the intensity and color power of ultrasoft carbon. Specially formulated to provide deep, fully opaque coverage, provides an intense, smoked finish with duo-chrome pearl. Versatile in application: blend or smudge.
MAC Lac Lustre is a Lipstick. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Lacquer is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Lip Lacquer is a Lipstick. There are 28 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A pencil in a wide range of colours designed for shaping, lining or filling in lips.
MAC Lip Varnish is a Lipstick. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Amber Russe is a frost finish that is limited edition and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Our classic Lipglass you adore is getting a makeover! Now in a double-walled clear vial, M∙A∙C Lipglass is chicer than ever. This unique gloss is available in an even bigger batch of colours with 57 over the rainbow shades – all of which provide a high-gloss, glass-like finish or subtle sheen. The pigmented product also features our new Oilshine Moisture Complex – a yummy blend of babassu, coconut, apricot and jojoba oils – to help soften and condition lips.
MAC Lipglass Pencil is a Lip Liner. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Lipglass Stain is a Lip Stain. There are 31 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Lipglass Tasti is a Lipgloss. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Formulated to shade, define and showcase the lips, M·A·C Lipstick is available in every nuance of your favorite color and high-fashion texture. It's the iconic product that made M·A·C famous.
AMPLIFIED CREME (A): Ultra-creamy. Quietly shiny. Color-packed! Hi-res: hi-impact.
CREMESHEEN (C): Creme-based lipstick that imparts bright full color, with a soft and supple shine.
FROST (F): Excellent color payoff with medium to high frosted shimmer-and-shine finish.
LUSTRE (L): Demi-sheer with wet-look lustre finish. Very slick. Makes lips look soft, smooth, ultra-moist.
MATTE (M): Pigment rich with intense color pay-off. No-shine, all matte finish.
SATIN (S): Color-rich. Soft satin, semi-matte finish. Conditions while adding intense color.
A liquid eye liner formula packaged with a unique applicator for precision application. Liquid Eye Liner is the perfect product for lining and defining the eyes. Use it to subtly enhance or create bold lines. Because it's ideal for creating graphic designs anywhere on the face and body, don't limit the use of Liquid Eye Liner to the eye area. The firm, tapered tip of the applicator is easy to control and allows for a quick and precise application of the liner. Liquid Eye Liner is long-wearing, smudge-resistant and can be easily removed with Pro Eye Makeup Remover.
Behold the power of an eye liner so long-wearing, so water-resistant, so fade-defiant, it's practically indestructible. Boasting an unprecedented 24-hour wear, Liquidlast Liner is now available in new intensely rich pop shades and insanely radiant metallic finishes. Applies with its own brush to draw a perfectly defined, imperviously bold line.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
Each pattern and design is perfectly shaped and arranged to give a striking effect, whether the look is natural or dramatic. Available in a variety of shapes and densities. If properly cared for, lashes can be reshaped or adorned if desired.
MAC Loudlash is a Mascara. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Lustre Drops is a Highlighter that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.60 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Two high-powered effects - Lustre and Glass - in one new lip finish. This amazing ornamental finish shines the lips with hi-shine overlaid with various tones of pearlized glaze. Beyond sexy. Transcends all known shine.
MAC MAC Stain is a Lip Stain. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Magically Cool Liquid Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $29.50 and contains 0.84 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Marilyn Monroe Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Mascara X is a Mascara that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC All Grown Up is a matte finish that is limited edition and retails for $19.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
MAC Metal-X Cream Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Baked minerals refined into a powder formula provide an exceptionally sheer application. Lightweight formula glides onto skin to achieve luminous colour that builds lightly, layer after layer, without heavy coverage. Veils and enhances the cheekbones with a pearlized shimmer.
Baked minerals refined into a powder formula to provide exceptionally sheer and lightweight application. Colour builds lightly, layer after layer, without heavy coverage. Veils and enhances the cheekbones with a luminous, pearlized shimmer.
A liquid lip balm that adds moisture while providing the right pop of color and mirror-like shine. Enriched with a special, nourishing, mineral-rich complex. Can be worn alone or over other lip products.
A luxurious, slow-baked, velvety soft, domed face powder with a radiant finish. Strategically buff on to add highlights to the high points of the face, or blend all over for a sheer luminous polish to the skin. Features M·A·C's 77-Mineral Complex and vitamin E.
MAC MV1 is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC MV2 is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC MV3 is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC MV4 is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC MV5 is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revolutionary new high-gloss formula. Visibly different. Provides a no-streak/no-chip finish. Contains conditioners and UV protection. Go hi-lacquer!
MAC Naked Honey is a Fragrance. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Bad, Bad Black is a matte finish that is permanent.
A high-performance eye shadow in four shades. Goes on creamy, dries to a powdery finish in just ten seconds. The long-wearing cream colour formula allows for easy application, blendability and coverage from sheer to full. Creates a smooth, smudge- and crease-free, slightly shiny look to the lid. Paints can be used alone or in combination with other products. Custom packaging in matte black with Kabuki’s signature in gold.
A highly pigmented eye colour that goes on creamy but dries to an intense, vibrant finish. Long-wearing, colourfast. Creates seamless coverage without weight or caking. Blends smoothly over the lids. Cream-based, can be mixed with M·A·C shadows and liners.
An eye pencil that provides rich, luxurious color with a touch of shimmer and sparkle. Soft, smooth, creamy formula glides on for a perfectly intense line, yet its soft texture allows you to blend. Long-wearing. Smudge-proof.
Pale coral with shimmer
Love is in the details with Pearlmatte Face Powder, combining pearlized and satin shades to achieve an array of looks. Effortlessly blends with a rich and creamy texture. Use for highlighting and blush effects or as an eyeshadow with a velvet-smooth finish.
Sheer neutral brown
Carbon black
Petit-four pink with white/pink gloss icing
Highly concentrated loose colour powder to create a subtle wash of colour or intense effect. Does not streak or cake. Easy to blend, long-lasting. Limited-edition packaging features Betty. Note: Pigments are sold by weight not volume. Containers can appear to be less than full due to settling of the product.
Plumps, curls and volumizes. Builds thickness smoothly and evenly, delivering a full fan of lashes. Rich, hydrating formula. No smudging or clumping. A patented brush wraps lashes one luxurious layer at a time for immediate, intense drama.
Sheer lip colour with a pearlized high-shine gloss finish. Comfortable to wear: lush, multi-dimensional. Gives a cool-warm, vanilla buzz to the lips. Moisturizes, soothes and visibly plumps the lips to make them look luxuriously healthy and well-conditioned. Contains vitamin E for added environmental protection.
TALC, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE, ZINC STEARATE, ISOSTEARYL NEOPENTANOATE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, HEXYLENE GLYCOL, PHENOXYETHANOL. MAY CONTAIN: SILICA, MICA, TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163), BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090), CARMINE (CI 75470), CHROMIUM HYDROXIDE GREEN (CI 77289), CHROMIUM OXIDE GREENS (CI 77288), FERRIC FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510), MANGANESE VIOLET (CI 77742), RED 6 (CI 15850), RED 6 LAKE (CI 15850), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850), RED 28 LAKE (CI 45410), RED 30 LAKE (CI 73360), ULTRAMARINES (CI 77007), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140), YELLOW 6 LAKE (CI 15985).
MAC Powder to the People is a Blush that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Waterproof. Longwearing. Metallic, shimmer and matte finishes. Smooth to apply. Won't transfer, smudge, or budge... Draws the line: powers your eyes. Makes its point. Lasts.
MAC PRO Gloss is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Lash is a Mascara. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Longlash is a Mascara. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Longwear Bronzing Powder is a Bronzer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pro Longwear's long-lasting eyeliner delivers creamy, dense color that glides on smoothly. The 12-hour, waterproof formula stays put and smudge-free.
A new generation of longwearing lip pencil technology. Glides on fluidly and adheres instantly. Defines the lips with an instant release of rich, saturated colour. Pro-longs the hours between re-application. Transfer proof.
A longwearing lip colour that applies in two quick steps. Stroke on the special formulated colour base. Flip the stick, and apply the clear gloss. Soft and comfortable on…Kiss, drink, eat. Smudge, run, transfer and feather-proof. Pro Longwear Lipcolour is best removed with Cleanse Off Oil.

Lightweight texture, creamy finish and comfortable longwear combine in this has-it-all pro-class lip colour. Slick in use, applies without need of a top coat- and still lasts up to 12 hours. Won't feather or transfer, and the colour stays true. Helps lips stay soft and hydrated.
MAC A Classic is a natural finish that is limited edition.
A longwearing lip colour that applies in two quick steps. Stroke on the special formulated colour base. Flip the stick, and apply the clear gloss. Soft and comfortable on…Kiss, drink, eat. Smudge, run, transfer and feather-proof. Pro Longwear Lipcolour is best removed with Cleanse Off Oil.
MAC Pro Sculpting Cream is a Contour that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Richmetal Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Rollerball is a Fragrance that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sculpt and Shape Powder Duo is a Contour. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC See Thru Cheek Colour is a Blush. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Shadebender is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Shadestick is a Eyeshadow. There are 30 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sheen Supreme Lipglass is a Lipgloss that retails for $19.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sheer Colour Extracts is a Blush. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sheer Mystery Powder is a Powder that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sheer Shimmer Powder is a Highlighter. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sheersheen Powder/Loose is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Sheerspark Pressed Powder is a Highlighter. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Shimmersouffle is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Skinsheen Leg Spray is a Body. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Skinshimmer is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Assertive is a frost finish that is discontinued.
MAC Skinsheen Bronzer Stick is a Bronzer that retails for $29.50 and contains 0.49 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Softsparkle Eye Pencil is a Eyeliner. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Solar Bits is a Eyeshadow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Splashproof is a Mascara. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Studio Careblend Pressed Powder is a Bronzer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Studio Fix Lash is a Mascara. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Studio Mist Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Suite Array Duo is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Suntints SPF 20 Liquid Lip Balm is a Lip Balm that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Superglass is a Lipgloss. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Superslick Liquid Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Surf Baby Cheek Powder is a Blush that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The liner’s enduring formula features a unique combination of plant-derived waxes, providing a soft, comfortable feel, while staying smudge-resistant for up to eight hours. Whatever your style, get ready to line it up.
MAC Tendertone is a Lip Balm. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC After-Tan is a natural finish that is limited edition.
MAC Tinted Lip Conditioner Stick is a Lip Balm. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Tricolour Lipglass is a Lipgloss. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Veluxe Brow Liner is a Brow that retails for $19.50 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Z Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Zoomlash is a Mascara that retails for $16.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Brush Set is a Brush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Eye Brush is a Brush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Face Brush is a Brush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC All for Glamour Face Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $49.50 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $43.50 and contains 0.19 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Eye Kit is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.50. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Shade & Smoke Shadow Liner is a Eyeliner that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.03 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Eye Bag is a Eye Palette. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
No more basic lip balm. Our exclusive formula moisturizes lips for a full 8 hours. Lips renewed in 1 week* (*Based on panelists’ self-evaluations)
Gentle oil-free, water-based gel Soothing formula cools and refreshes while removing stubborn makeup
Towelettes quickly break down and remove makeup Moringa Seed extract removes impurities
3-in-1 formula breaks down and removes stubborn makeup, cleanses, and moisturizes. Moringa Seed extract removes impurities
Oil-free, dual phase formula leaves no greasy residue Quick dissolving power with no harsh rubbing
Maybelline Color Tattoo Metal 24 Hour Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $6.99 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline A Plum Prospect that is permanent and retails for $7.49.
Maybelline ColorSensational High Shine Gloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $7.49. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
SOPHISTICATED shine LUXURIOUS feel
KEEP YOUR LIPCOLOR BEAUTIFUL with matching lip liners WON'T SMUDGE, smear, feather or bleed SMOOTH defined lips
Maybelline Are You Ready is a red that is permanent and retails for $7.49 and contains 0.15 oz.
MORE LUMINOUS SHIMMER from micronized pearls ﻿ CREAMIER FEEL from nourishing honey nectar
PRECISELY FILLS IN AND GROOMS BROWS Includes comb
ZERO-CLUMP LENGTH defined like never before SHAPED-TO-THE-LASH BRUSH elongates and accentuates lashes
ZERO-CLUMP VOLUME defined like never before SHAPED-TO-THE-LASH BRUSH captures and plumps each lash
ZERO-CLUMP VOLUME defined like never before SHAPED-TO-THE-LASH BRUSH captures and plumps each lash WATERPROOF
ZERO-CLUMP LENGTH defined like never before SHAPED-TO-THE-LASH BRUSH elongates and accentuates lashes WATERPROOF
PRECISION-TIP EYELINER BUILT-IN SMUDGER AND SHARPENER
Now, blush has bounce! Revolutionary powder-gel formula. In 10 shades.
FOR WASHABLE EYE MAKEUP﻿ 100% OIL FREE﻿ FRAGRANCE FREE
FOR WATERPROOF EYE MAKEUP﻿ MOISTURIZING﻿ FRAGRANCE FREE
EASY to apply EXPERT shading and highlighting Use with blush or bronzer
EASY to apply GENTLY lifts and curls DRAMATIC wide-eyed look
EASY to apply PRECISION slant tip EASY hair removal
DEFINING BROW FILLER AND PRECISION EYELINER﻿ BUILT-IN SHARPENER
EASY TO USE, LOTS TO CHOOSE In matte, pearl and metallic
ANGLED BRUSH with FINELY POINTED HAIRS DEFINE eyes or brows CREATES a flawless line
MARBLEIZED BAKED EYESHADOW Dimensional color, refined luminosity
NOW GEL REINVENTS LINER INTENSE COLOR, 24-hour wear
Maybelline Eye Studio Master Drama is a Eyeliner that retails for $7.99. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dual tip to create thin precise lines with one side, bold thick lines with the other 2-in-1 dual tip Glossy formula for bold lines
Exclusive felt tip. Never dries. Never skips. Ultra-thin 0.4mm brush supplies smooth, even lines. No mess or excess.
Natural wax formula, with subtle color pigments. Creates hair-like fine lines for the most definition. Feather with refined groomer to master the shapely brow. Use with a sharpener.
BIG FLUFFY brush For LOOSE or PRESSED POWDER
DRAMATIC﻿ WIDE-EYED LOOK﻿ REUSABLE
FLAWLESS THAT LETS THE REAL YOU COME THROUGH NATURAL, FADE-FREE COLOR
FLAWLESS THAT LETS THE REAL YOU COME THROUGH NATURAL BRONZED GLOW
FULL, SOFT, THICK LASHES
FULL, SOFT, THICK LASHES
FULL, SOFT, THICK LASHES WATERPROOF
FULL, SOFT, THICK LASHES WATERPROOF
AMERICA'S FAVORITE MASCARA BIGGER BRUSH, BIGGER LASHES CONDITIONS AS IT THICKENS
AMERICA'S FAVORITE MASCARA FOR LASH AND BROW GROOMS AND SEPARATES
America's favorite mascara even after 40 years, now with a heart-shaped brush. ﻿ A Great Lash innovation.﻿ Lots of volume. No clumps, no mess.
AMERICA'S FAVORITE MASCARA CONDITIONS AS IT THICKENS AND CURLS CURVED BRUSH
AMERICA'S FAVORITE MASCARA CONDITIONS AS IT THICKENS NO CLUMPS, NO GLOBS
AMERICA'S FAVORITE MASCARA CONDITIONS AS IT THICKENS WATERPROOF
Break every law of lengthening. 4mm of measurable extensions! Sealing formula + fiber-fix brush
Break every law of lengthening. 4mm of measurable extensions! Sealing formula + fiber-fix brush Waterproof
PERFECTING POWDER THAT PROTECTS AS IT SETS SPF 25, ANTIOXIDANT SHIELD LUMINOUS FINISH
REACHES HARD-TO-GET LASHES EXCLUSIVE MINI-BRUSH LENGTHENING AND DEFINING
EXCLUSIVE MINI-BRUSH REACHES HARD-TO-GET LASHES WATERPROOF LENGTHENING AND DEFINING
DOES FOR LASHES WHAT STILETTOS DO FOR LEGS STRETCHES LASHES for provocative length 70% LONGER LASHES, shiny patent finish
INSTANTLY SMOOTHES IMPERFECTIONS ENHANCES SKIN'S RADIANCE
DOES FOR LASHES WHAT STILETTOS DO FOR LEGS 55% LONGER LASHES, shiny patent finish WATERPROOF
THE MOST VOLUPTUOUS LENGTH LASHES WILL EVER WEAR LENGTHENS AND PLUMPS with every stroke DRAMATIC LENGTH, impactful volume
THE MOST VOLUPTUOUS LENGTH LASHES WILL EVER WEAR DRAMATIC LENGTH, impactful volume
INTENSE, BLENDABLE EYELINER WITH SMART-TIP SMUDGER
THE ULTIMATE PRECISION LIQUID EYELINER FLEXIBLE FELT TIP glides on smoothly for precise control
THIN TO THICK EYELINER
100% MICRO-MINERALS CONTAINS 0% OILS, TALC AND FRAGRANCES Healthy Glow
100% MICRO-MINERALS 0% oils, talc, fragrances, preservatives HEALTHY, NATURAL COVERAGE
100% MICRO-MINERALS CONTAINS 0% OILS, TALC AND FRAGRANCES NATURAL LUMINOSITY
Maybelline Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $6.99. There are 60 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
100% OIL-FREE PRESSED POWDER FRESH, NO-SHINE LOOK ﻿ MATTE FINISH
100% OIL-FREE LOOSE POWDER﻿ FRESH, NO-SHINE LOOK MATTE FINISH
Lasting color. Vibrant sheen.﻿ Meet the first-ever 10HR stain gloss. Shine enhancing formula glides on lightweight color that won't dry out.
Meet the 14HR lipstick that won't weigh you down. Super rich color with super staying power. No dragging. No drying. No letdowns at all.
NO OTHER LONGWEAR LASTS LONGER. Period. Our Micro-Flex formula glides on and looks gorgeous all day
Colossal lashes go fully feline in one stroke Collagen formula + Claw brush
Colossal lashes go fully feline in one stroke Collagen formula + Claw brush WATERPROOF
LIQUID EYELINER PRECISION BRUSH
SMUDGE-PROOF, STAY-PUT, WATERPROOF EYELINER﻿
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE - NOW GOES FLARED! 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES. Winged out & over the top, instantly! PRO-KERATIN FORMULA + SPOON CURLER BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE - NOW GOES FLARED! 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES. Winged out & over the top, instantly! PRO-KERATIN FORMULA + SPOON CURLER BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE - NOW GOES FLARED! 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES. Winged out & over the top, instantly! PRO-KERATIN FORMULA + SPOON CURLER BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE - NOW GOES FLARED! 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES. Winged out & over the top, instantly! PRO-KERATIN FORMULA + SPOON CURLER BRUSH
FINALLY, BOLD WITHOUT THE BULK! INSTANT CLUMP-FREE VOLUME THE LASH CATCHER BRUSH CATCHES, COATS AND DECLUMPS
FINALLY, BOLD WITHOUT THE BULK! INSTANT CLUMP-FREE VOLUME THE LASH CATCHER BRUSH CATCHES, COATS AND DECLUMPS
FINALLY, BOLD WITHOUT THE BULK! WATERPROOF, INSTANT CLUMP-FREE VOLUME THE LASH CATCHER BRUSH CATCHES, COATS AND DECLUMPS
FINALLY, BOLD WITHOUT THE BULK! WATERPROOF, INSTANT CLUMP-FREE VOLUME THE LASH CATCHER BRUSH CATCHES, COATS AND DECLUMPS
3X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY CURVED BRUSH
3X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY CURVED BRUSH
3X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY
3X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY
EXCLUSIVE MINI-BRUSH REACHES HARD-TO-GET LASHES WATERPROOF LENGTHENING AND DEFINING
EXCLUSIVE MINI-BRUSH REACHES HARD-TO-GET LASHES WATERPROOF LENGTHENING AND DEFINING
COLOSSAL LASHES IN JUST ONE COAT!﻿ CREATES 9X THE VOLUME, instantly﻿ COLLAGEN FORMULA + MEGA BRUSH plumps lashes
COLOSSAL LASHES IN JUST ONE COAT!﻿ CREATES 9X THE VOLUME, instantly﻿ COLLAGEN FORMULA + MEGA BRUSH plumps lashes
COLOSSAL LASHES IN JUST ONE COAT!﻿ CREATES 7X THE VOLUME, instantly﻿ WATERPROOF COLLAGEN FORMULA + MEGA BRUSH
COLOSSAL LASHES IN JUST ONE COAT!﻿ CREATES 7X THE VOLUME, instantly﻿ WATERPROOF COLLAGEN FORMULA + MEGA BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM GOES EXTRA MATTE, extremely black 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, no gaps﻿
FALSE LASH GLAM GOES EXTRA MATTE, extremely black 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, no gaps﻿
FALSE LASH GLAM GOES EXTRA MATTE, extremely black﻿ 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, no gaps WATERPROOF
FALSE LASH GLAM GOES EXTRA MATTE, extremely black﻿ 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, no gaps WATERPROOF
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE, INSTANTLY! 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, no gaps SPOON BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE, INSTANTLY! 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, no gaps SPOON BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE, INSTANTLY!﻿ 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, WATERPROOF SPOON BRUSH
FALSE LASH GLAM IN A TUBE, INSTANTLY!﻿ 300% MORE VISIBLE LASHES corner-to-corner, WATERPROOF SPOON BRUSH
Now, mega volume goes mega plush﻿ Our first gel-mousse mascara ﻿ Lashes never brittle or flaky
Now, mega volume goes mega plush﻿ Our first gel-mousse mascara ﻿ Lashes never brittle or flaky
Now, the most explosive, beautiful lashes ever! Supersonic Brush, and Fast Glide formula Loads on big, sleek volume instantly
Now, the most explosive, beautiful lashes ever! Supersonic Brush, and Fast Glide formula Loads on big, sleek volume instantly
Now, the most explosive, beautiful lashes ever! Supersonic Brush, and Fast Glide formula Loads on big, sleek volume instantly
Now, the most explosive, beautiful lashes ever! Supersonic Brush, and Fast Glide formula Loads on big, sleek volume instantly
7X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY
7X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY
5X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY WATERPROOF
5X THE VOLUME INSTANTLY WATERPROOF
EXTRA LENGTH AND VOLUME 7X THE VOLUME WATERPROOF
Maybelline ExpertWear Luminous Lights Eyeshadow Collection is a Eye Palette that retails for $6.25. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Caffeine Rush #2 that is permanent.
Maybelline Pink Punch retails for $10.99.
Maybelline ExpertWear Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $6.25. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline ExpertWear Eyeshadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $4.50. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline ExpertWear Eyeshadow Trio is a Eye Palette that retails for $5.50. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline EyeStudio Color Plush Silk Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $9.99. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Eye Studio Color Plush Silk Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 60 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline ExpertWear Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $8.30. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A brilliant formula filled with super shiny polymers and the next generation of pearls to create the illusion of 3D depth for fuller, sexier, looking lips.
Richly pigmented and highly buildable, the beautiful matte and shimmery shades of Baked Blush are the perfect cheeky pop of color for every skin tone. Sunbaked on Italian terracotta tiles, the warm finish adds a radiance that is the very essence of beauty. Shape, contour and highlight your best features.
A bronzing powder that features a mélange infusion of colors baked on Italian terracota tiles. Easy to use, sensorial in texture, the nuances of color become extraordinarily luminous, enhancing the purity of the skin. This hi-tech, streak free bronzer, gives a perfect radiant look.
Captivating eyeshadow powder that features multiple infusion of colors baked on Italian terracotta tiles. Complimentary shades swirled together to create one unique color dimension. All of these gorgeous combinations are designed to be used Wet or Dry.
A 2-in-1 bronzer, matte and shimmer, perfect for all-over color! The oil-free, silky-soft powder formula feels luxurious on skin, with a fresh and light fragrance.
Long-wear, quick drying, buildable formula helps define brows and fill in sparse areas. Fine point applicator allows for controlled precise brow styling.
Make a statement without saying a word. True Instant Color. Satin color in one stroke application. This next generation lipliner is a long-wearing, easy-glide formula to line & fill-in your lips. Paraben free.
Milani Best Red is a red that is permanent and retails for $5.49 and contains 0.14 oz.
A smooth and lasting eyeshadow with glimmers and pearls that delivers a sparkling finish on the lids.
Crystal Gloss offers a range of fantastic mega-shine colors that leave lips feeling soft and supple. Spectacular glass-shine shades, from dreamy creams to dazzling pearls.
An amazing lengthening and defining mascara. Distinct Lash will give you the ultimate 3D effect with a single coat. The special comb/brush releases the perfect amount of product and wraps every single lash in a lightweight, flexible and curl volumizing film. This clump-free formula gives spectacular length and excellent definition for striking lashes you’ve always dreamed of. Be you, be DISTINCT!
High-quality dual-sharpener that sharpens jumbo and slim pencils to precise perfection. Cleaning tool included.
Smooth-glide formula delivers expert filling and lining that doesn't skip. Includes a spoolie brush end to blend, soften and smooth, leaving the most natural of brows to define and frame the face. Propel tip, no sharpening required.
Retractable tip, no sharpening required, glides on effortlessly. Defines eyes with intense, smudge-proof color.
Retractable tip, no sharpening required, delivers smooth and easy application on the lips. Long-wearing formula captures your lip color to extend the wear while keeping lips looking full and voluminous.
Full color flow thru system that delivers & defines a perfect line in one stroke. Felt tip nib applicator is easy to use, provides precise control with no skipping or pulling.
The next installment of our best-selling Eye Tech series goes BOLD! The bold felt-tip point creates a variety of dramatic winged looks in one stroke application.  Smear & smudge-proof, this liner lasts all day. Paraben-free. 
Eye Tech Extreme Liquid Eye Liner takes our best-selling Eye Tech Liquid Liner to the extreme. Extreme fine felt-tip point and easy grip handle make creating lines easy. Non-feathering, waterproof blackest black formula lasts all day without flaking our budging. Paraben Free
A super pigmented, easily blendable, crease-proof, silk-like powder eyeshadow. Available in versatile colors with both matte & pearl finishes that can be used as shadow or liner.
Intensifies and extends the wear of any shadow, over 8 hour wear. A lightweight invisible finish works on all skin tones. The primer helps provide a seamless canvas for eyeshadow application and minimizes creasing throughout the day.   Makes any cream or powder eyeshadow long-wearing!
Breakthrough formula & technology of a color liner with glitter in a retractable pencil. The soft texture ensures a perfect glide and a creamy color pay-off for a combination of superior smoothness, rich color and rocking silver metallic accents.
A full-color liquid gloss that provides spectacular, shiny color that lasts. The formula feels smooth and silky, not sticky or tacky. The shimmer-shine colors dazzle lips with hyper-perle effects for the ultimate in glam-shine lips!
Bigger is better! The mega volume brush creates a false lash effect. Dramatically enhances and thickens even the littlest lashes. Long-lasting, smear-proof, and non-clumping formula. Paraben-free.
A full coverage, highly pigmented lipgloss with an extra glossy shimmer finish. The non-tacky, anti-feathering formula and flexible soft sponge applicator allows for easy application.
STOP! Wardrobe change? No problem! Milani’s New High Speed Fast Dry One Coat Formula is fast and luxurious. Dries in 60 seconds.
An ultra-smooth, multi-color blush, bronzer & highlighter. Gives skin a hint of color with a lit-from-within radiant healthy glow. Suitable for all skin types and tones
Up to 24 hour long lasting formula that wears with comfort and color intensity to perfection. Now you can line your eyes with ease for an all day long elegant glance. Remove with makeup remover.
Bedazzle your manicure with these chunky glitters that give the impression of the finest jewels adorning your nails. Large & small particle glitter with faceted jewel like effects.
Milani Lip Flash Gloss Pencil is a Lipgloss that retails for $6.49 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sometimes the best choices are the ones you never have to make. With Liquid Eye, there's no need to sacrifice a smooth, easy application in achieving that bold, liquid look. Color glides on effortlessly and stays in place for smudge-proof, long-lasting wear. Here at Milani, that means up to 24 hours! And because it's naturally 100% paraben-free, you can be sure your bold look is also a gentle one.
Professional, long-wearing, chip-resistant, super glossy formula with a spectacular color range of intensely vibrant shades, from trendsetting, fashionable runway to traditional best sellers.
Quick Shine Top Coat sets nail lacquer to a spectacular hard coat shine and Quick Dry Top Coat dries and sets polish for on-the-run manicures, in 60 seconds, that’s quick! DBP, Toluene & Formaldehyde Free
Add a little bling to your wardrobe with Milani’s One Coat Glitter. These full coverage glitters will rock your nail color world! Chic and easy, one coat application of highly concentrated multi-sized, multi-shaped brilliant glitter formula. DBP, Toluene & Formaldehyde Free
This medium-to-full, buildable powder delivers a matte finish that lasts for hours. Lightweight, micro-powder spheres eliminate shine and keep makeup looking fresh and natural all day. Perfect for touch-ups in an elegant compact, with mirror and puff applicator.
Six intense eye color bars in one luxury compact with a double ended sponge applicator. Use individually or combine the colors for a multidimensional impact. Each collection has been expertly matched and designed to use the lighter tones to highlight, the medium and dark tones to contour. This luxurious formula glides on effortlessly. Use WET for more color impact or DRY for a shimmer effect. Due to the baked technology, our Runway Eyes Fashion Shadows are fragile and should be handled with care.
Big and blendable 2-in-1 color rich pencil  that can be used as shadow or liner. Creamy smooth, long-lasting, water-resistant, crease-proof and paraben-free formula. The next generation of shadows that you sharpen.
Smoothé Base Coat A ridge-filling base coat designed to prime your nails for the perfect color application. This formula was created with a combination of Okoumé AE and Botanical Extract of Bamboo to fight ridged weak and aged nails. Good-bye ridged and brittle nails!
A baked marble bronzer with multidimensional coverage pays off not only in color, but in subtle highlights that enhance a natural glow. Infused with Macadamia and Jojoba oils, this product helps keep skin hydrated and soft while providing a healthy bronze glow and silky smooth application.
A luxurious, velvet-soft face powder, specially formulated to provide a dimensional yet natural-matte finish. Provides perfect light to medium coverage.
Sparkling intense color, long-lasting, waterproof formula.   The ultrafine felt-tip applicator makes it easy to apply a thick or thin line and dries down to a sparkling finish. Black also available in a vinyl finish!
Milani Runway Eyes Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Milani Brow Kit is a Eye Palette that retails for $6.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Milani Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $8.99. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Milani Runway Eyes Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 48 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pony hair perfectly angled for crease definition and heavy shadow lining.
An advanced treatment mask that provides a surge of hydration to the skin. Potent natural botanicals enhance collagen production and protect skin’s elastin* for ultra-soft, youthful looking skin. Contains the NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complex™ designed to restore skin’s youthful radiance and reflect light like a prism. For all skin types Dermatologist Tested & Non-Comedogenic Synthetic Fragrance Free, Paraben Free, Alcohol Free
Provides the perfect base for long-lasting polish while creating a barrier between the nail and enamel to prevent nail discoloration. Designed with a unique rubberized bonding formula to protect the natural nail and provide a cushioned finish for polish application.
The precisely domed Blush Brush is perfect for depositing and blending blush pigments smoothly and effortlessly. Pony Hair, a bit less coarse than goat hair, is deemed the best hair for controlling dense pigments.
A unique blend of Monoï de Tahiti oil combined with a rich chocolate shimmer for glowing, healthy and naturally fragrant skin. Native to the South Pacific, Monoï de Tahiti oil is composed of pure coconut extract macerated with the bud of the tiare flower, infusing the oil with nutrients as well as a delicate, natural fragrance. The ultimate multi-purpose beauty oil soothes and moisturizes the skin with an addition of rich chocolate shimmer for a natural glow. The lightweight, sheer oil is absorbed immediately on the skin.
Super black goat hair in a large, dense dome shape perfect for loose powder application, buffing and blending.
Super Goat hair distributes bronzing powder naturally and effortlessly for a radiant glow.
Badger hair for firm control and to feather and shape the brow.
A moisture-rich cream blush formula that provides smooth, silky color for naturally luminous skin. The velvety texture delivers long-lasting color and blends easily natural-looking color. Provides a sheer, flush of color for all skin tones Enriched with Vitamin E Can be worn alone or paired with powder blushes
Vivid. Lightweight. Easily blendable. Apply lightly for a subtle wash of color or layer to achieve deeper intensity. Can be worn alone or paired with a NARS powder eyeshadow for longer-lasting wear and added dimension. True color application Convenient, easy application with a finger or a Flat Concealer Brush Richly pigmented shades
A gentle exfoliator combines NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complexâ„¢, mild citrus-fruit acids and botanical exfoliating spheres to exfoliate the upper layers of the skin, stimulating natural cell turnover and helping purify and refine the skin's surface. The result is a soft, smooth, visibly bright and healthy-looking complexion. Pores become less visible as they are deeply cleansed and refreshed. Wild rose extract helps prevent signs of irritation as skin is comforted and conditioned. Polished skin is ready for perfect makeup application. How to use: Apply a small amount to clean, damp skin and gently massage in circular motions. Avoid eye area. For deeper exfoliation, allow product to remain on skin for two to three minutes. Rinse thoroughly with lukewarm water. Pat dry. Use two to three times weekly. For all skin types. Dermatologist-tested. Non-comedogenic. Synthetic fragrance-, paraben-, alcohol- and oil-free.
Squirrel & Goat hair ideal for applying concentrated color in the crease of the eye.
Sable hair brush domed for smooth application to wide areas, the crease of the eye, and the perfect blending tool for seamless color.
Sculpts and defines the eyebrow with rich, natural looking pigment to softly frame the eyes. The firm texture allows for maximum control and provides long-lasting definition. Ideal shades for matching to most brow colors Longwearing and blendable Firm texture for smooth strokes of color
Intense pigments of longwearing eyeliner color that glide on smoothly for precision definition and lash thickening effects. The creamy texture is ideal for blending, smudging, or pairing with powder eyeshadows. Smooth application does not tugg the eye Easily blendable Signature shades
A new modern liquid liner that ensures a flawless even line with just one stroke. Features a super-fine tip for precise definition and versatile application options. Up to 24-hour wear High intensity color Glides on smoothly and evenly
Highly pigmented, velvety-matte, ultra-fine powders for shading, creating depth and lining eyes. Long-wearing, crease-resistant colors glide on smoothly and evenly and blend effortlessly. Can be applied sheer or layered for a more dramatic effect.
Nylon brush to smooth concealer on wide areas and hard-to-reach places for naturally flawless skin.
A new - high-performance, extremely mild makeup oil-free remover that removes all traces of eye and lip makeup, even waterproof and transfer-proof makeup, without having to rub. The result is a refreshing feeling with no oily residue left behind on the skin. Shake well before using. Great for sensitive eyes and gentle enough for contact lens wearers to use. Non-comedogenic, fragrance-free, and dermatologist and ophtamologist tested. Enriched with cucumber and chamomile known for soothing the delicate eye area
Chic shades infused with glitter illuminate eyes like never before. Creamy texture glides on smoothly for high-impact highlighting. Easily blendable Crease-resistant Can be used on cheeks or décolleté
High voltage blushes go graphic with shimmering pressings of the avant-garde designer’s iconic prints. Pierre Hardy for NARS—an ultra modern coupling of conceptual color.
Light the skin from within. A collection of light-reflecting liquids that glide on to refresh and enhance the complexion with shimmering incandescence. Deceptively sheer, decidedly luminous. * Can be applied all over the face or used as a highlighter * Can be worn under, over or mixed with foundation * Iconic shades
Super black goat hair in a small, flat and angular design ideal for blending and contouring.
Squirrel hair for creating a soft, rounded eye or for blending harsh lines.
Larger Than Life Lengthening Mascara creates high definition lashes that are long and luxurious, sculpted and separated. Dramatic length and separation in one high-performance formula. Nylon fibers hug lashes for extra length making them impossibly long, impossibly sexy. High-tech bristles on a conical brush allow for optimum lengthening capabilities and precise lash separation Long-wearing formula should be removed
Outrageously lustrous color meets high-impact shine. Dramatic, stay-in-place shades glide on smoothly and evenly for lips that are more luminous and voluminous than ever before. Product highlights: - High-shine, high-impact finish gives a dramatic effect. - Long-lasting, stay-in-place wear. - Infused with ingredients to nourish and fight free radicals. - Natural lip enhancers pump up volume. - Shorter-bristle brush delivers the most precise application possible.
Larger Than Life Long-Wear Eyeliner takes liner to the next level. Rich, creamy color that glides on smoothly with a completely new Smudgeproof finish. Incomparable 12-hour wear with no smearing and no caking. Deeply dramatic shades named for the most iconic streets in the world.
NARS Light Reflecting Loose Setting Powder is a Powder that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Light Reflecting Pressed Setting Powder is a Powder that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Serious shine and sexy color in sheer, semi-sheer and creamy formulas. Extremely wearable and versatile shades may be worn alone or over other lip formulas for added dimension. Ultra-smooth, non-sticky, comfortable wear Enriched with Vitamin E to help lips feel supple and hydrated Iconic NARS shades
Full-bodied texture and stay-in-place wear in NARS signature shades. Lips look luscious in shades for day or night in hues that are perfect alone or for pairing with other products. Unique texture prevents color from bleeding Includes Vitamin A, Vitamin E, Avocado Oil, Sesame Seed Oil and Jojoba Seed Oil
Ultra rich color in a creamy formula that perfectly defines the lips while preventing lipstick from bleeding and feathering. Available in color-coordinated shades that correspond with NARS lipstick hues. * Richly pigmented * Smooth application
A pure, creamy lipstick formula for bold color. Nars Lipsticks are enriched with vitamin E to increase wearability and keep true color locked into place. They impart semi-matte color so that lips are left looking velvety and full-bodied with a sheer finish.
Pen Super Goat hair for excellent powder pick up and deposit on the skin Ideal for blending.
Replenishes skin with 24-hour intense hydration and restores luminosity that naturally diminishes over time. Enriched with Beech Bud Extract to boost collagen production* and potent anti-oxidants to combat free radical damage. Contains the NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complex™ designed to restore skin’s youthful radiance and reflect light like a prism. Ideal for normal to dry and seasonally dry skin. Dermatologist Tested & Non-Comedogenic Synthetic Fragrance Free, Paraben Free, Alcohol Free
A high-performance, extremely mild makeup remover that removes all types of makeup including waterproof. The non-greasy formula glides across skin leaving a silky, smooth feel with natural ingredients to calm irritation. Exclusive technology enables use on wet or dry skin Breaks down makeup and excess oil on skin’s surface, dissolves build-up, and improves clarity Can be used on face, eyes, and lips Softens skin to reveal a refreshed and supple complexion Dermatologist and Ophthalmologist tested *Gentle oil-in-water formula does not leave a residue *Enriched with aloe and cucumber *Calms and soothes delicate skin around the eyes
Continuing in the spirit of French Polynesia, Monoï Body Glow II complements the original, best-selling favorite, Body Glow. Capturing Monoï de Tahiti oil in its purest state, this lightweight, multipurpose daily oil begets glowing, hydrated and naturally fragrant skin. Monoï de Tahiti oil is the result of macerating the tiare flower (Tahitian gardenia) in refined coconut extract for at least 10 days, slowly infusing the oil with nutrients as well as a delicate, natural fragrance. Each bottle of Monoï Body Glow II retains a tiare flower to capture the essence of this unique process. * Monoï de Tahiti Oil hydrates, calms and prevents peeling of tanned skin. It has been used for centuries in French Polynesia for its medicinal, soothing, moisturizing, protecting and beautifying benefits. * Gives skin a radiant glow * Subtle tropical fragrance
Gently exfoliates the skin with an alcohol-free formula that instantly refreshes and tones, refining the appearance of pores for a smooth and even appearance. Skin is revitalized and brightened. Contains the NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complex™ designed to restore skin’s youthful radiance and reflect light like a prism. For all skin types. Dermatologist Tested & Non-Comedogenic Synthetic Fragrance Free, Paraben Free, Oil-Free, Alcohol Free
Multi-Protect Primer SPF 30/PA+++ harnesses the benefits of anti-oxidants, anti-stress and anti-pollution skincare ingredients to protect, soothe and balance the skin. Ultra light and creamy to the touch, it keeps all skin types in balance by promoting hydration and absorbing oil where needed. Mineral powders blur fine lines and wrinkles, allowing for a smooth, even makeup application. This multi-tasking primer works with all skin types to protect and prime the skin for a makeup-ready finish. Powerful anti-oxidants shea butter and the Tibetan urnula flower protect against free radicals and the irritation caused by environmental pollutants Indian frankincense, known for its potent anti-irritant benefits, balances reactive skin and creates a more even tone Oil free, alcohol free, paraben free, synthetic-fragrance free Dermatologist tested. Non-comedogenic.
Continuing with the same hues that have made NARS Nail Polish a coveted favorite, NARS introduces a new technology to its Nail Polish, specifically designed to help improve the formula's flexibility, durability, wear and gloss properties.
NARS reintroduces its Nail Polish with a newly developed polymer system that provides extended wear and a tough, durable, chip-resistant finish. The superior longwearing formula also imparts an initial high-gloss luster with prolonged gloss retention, and is also water and detergent resistant with additional UV protection to prevent polish discoloration.
Bronzing Powder creates the ultimate healthy glow. Diffused powders with golden shimmer create an all-over warmth or contour for the face perfect for creating or enhancing the look of tanned skin. Finely milled powders fills in lines and pores for smoother, more even looking complexion. Iconic shades ideal for all skin tones Natural looking, imperceptible finish Subtle shimmer adds glow
Get one step closer to your immaculate complexion. Just one application minimizes the appearance of fine lines and pores. Complexion appears smoother and more even, creating a flawlessly matte finish that leaves skin feeling comfortable, not dry. A truly multi-use product, it may be used before primer to create a perfectly smooth surface for ideal makeup application, or throughout the day to temporarily combat shine and rejuvenate the complexion. Dermatologist-tested. Noncomedogenic. Fragrance-free.
This lightweight primer instantly refines the look of pores to regulate shine and mattify the skin to create an immaculate canvas. Mineral powders manage oil in the T-zone and other shine-prone areas, while pure lentil seed extract diminishes the appearance of dilated pores over time for a more refined appearance. Makeup glides on and blends easily for an application that stays fresh and vibrant for hours on end.
An ultra-matte, super-rich lipstick with the supple feel of a hydrating lip treatment. This matte lipstick moisturizes and sooths lips while depositing vivid, dramatic color onto the lips. Pure Matte Lipstick contains mango butter that provides additional comfort and moisture. The product comes packaged in a new, soft-touch slim stick.Beauty Tip:Use lip liner as a finishing touch to create and mix your own unique lip color.
The ultimate authority in blush, NARS offers the industry's most iconic shades for cheeks. Natural, healthy-looking color that immediately enlivens the complexion. A light application for even the highest-intensity hues delivers a natural-looking flush. Silky texture in matte and shimmering shades. Micronized powder ensures soft, blendable application. Iconic NARS shades.
Sheer tints of color that nourish and hydrate dry, chapped lips. Infused with SPF 15, the rich and creamy texture protects lips and provides beautiful shine. * Wild mango butter, with its superior moisturizing benefits, leaves lips feeling soft * Infused with Vitamin E, polar berries and açai oil to provide antioxidants and long-lasting hydration
Infused with NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complexâ„¢, the refreshing, foaming cleanser lifts away impurities and makeup without irritation. It cleanses pores and smoothes the surface for skin that feels ultra-soft and refreshed. Gentle enough for daily use, Purifying Foam Cleanser smoothes with botanical exfoliating spheres that dissolve in water. Wild rose extract gently calms and soothes while peony extract helps control oil and reduce shine leaving skin comfortably clean, residue-free, looking brighter and more radiant. Foundation glides on smoothly, color looks brilliant and lasts. How to use: Apply a small amount to wet hands and work into a lather. Gently massage onto skin in circular motions. Rinse thoroughly with lukewarm water. Pat dry. Use AM and PM before toner and moisturizer. For normal to combination skin. Non-comedogenic. Synthetic fragrance-, paraben-, alcohol- and oil-free.
Japanese Nylon flat edge brush ideal for applying smokey shadows to the base of the lashes. Designed to impart a smooth, fine line but soft enough to blend color into the base of the lashes.
Custom-designed to provide women with the proper tool for a faster, more professional makeup application. This brush is designed with only the finest quality of hairs and a delicately weighted handle to provide the necessary balance for professional and precise makeup application.
A pure, creamy lipstick formula for bold color. Nars Lipsticks are enriched with vitamin E to increase wearability and keep true color locked into place. They impart semi-matte color so that lips are left looking velvety and full-bodied with a sheer finish.
Squirrel hair for definition and for creating depth in the crease of the eye.
Pony hair ideal for applying eyeshadow near the lash line for smokey effect.
Soft Touch Shadow Pencils provide easy, portable, long-wearing application. These jumbo sized pencils have versatile functionality to shade the lid, line, or highlight the eye. Smooth, creamy texture delivers a smooth, velvety feel to the eye and make for easy blending and an ideal base for layering with a powder shadow for increased color intensity. Portable application Smooth, creamy, long-wearing formula Easy and seamless blending Ideal base for layering with powder eyeshadow to increase color intensity
NARS Cap Vert that is permanent and retails for $39.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
This quick-drying formula provides a high-shine finish, accelerates the drying time of nail enamel and improves the durability of NARS Nail Polish. Dual UV absorbers ensure color fidelity while providing a chip-resistant coating for maximum protection and extended wear.
Absorbs quickly to visibly reduce fine lines, wrinkles and the appearance of dark circles. Enriched with Beech Bud Extract to boost collagen production.* Puffiness is reduced for a supple and smooth eye area. Contains the NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complex™ designed to restore skin’s youthful radiance and reflect light like a prism. For all skin types. Ophthalmologist & Dermatologist Tested. Non-Comedogenic Synthetic Fragrance Free, Paraben Free, Alcohol Free
The application of a lipstick combined with the convenience of a pencil in a jumbo crayon design. Lips are instantly saturated with rich pigments and a velvety matte finish. The long lasting, non-drying formula is enriched with emollients for a creamy texture, while a combination of unique silicones ensures long-lasting, seamless color for hours. Use for lining, all-over lip color, or pairing with another lip product.
Goat & Squirrel hair angled for applying a soft wash of color to the crease of lid or for blending color on the entire lid.
Inspired by traditional Japanese beauty rituals Kabuki Theater, the NARS Kabuki Artisan Brushes meld heritage with modernity, in both concept and function. The multi-functional design of the Kabuki Yachiyo Brush, with its tapered dome head, makes it excellent for defining cheekbones, highlighting the complexion, and blending and diffusing color on or around the eye area. Made with very soft Pen Super Goat hairs, which are ideal for blending pigments The hand-spun black wisteria handle preserves its unique traditional character
NARS Andy Warhol Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.45 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Blush Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $49.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Duo Blush is a Face Palette that retails for $41.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Alhambra retails for $34.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
NARS Eye & Cheek Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $55.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Face Duo is a Face Palette that retails for $41.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Multiple Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $45.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Nail Polish Duo is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $29.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Trio Eyeshadow is a Eye Palette that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying pressed or loose powder. Ideal for body powders as well as face.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Create flawless arches with this eyebrow pencil, a blend of vegetable, coconut and soy bean oil that guarantees a fluid application and sensational color. Use the built-in brush to blend color and style your eyebrows to perfection. Available in 8 shades.
A creamy, dreamy lipstick with a velvety smooth finish and hyper-glamorous shades for every look and every inclination. NYX's Black Label Lipstick has rich emollient properties that ensure that the color glides on and envelops your pout at the same time. From Extreme Red to Earthy to Hot Pink, Black Label Lipstick is available in a variety of lipsmacking hues.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
NYX Base Coat with Ginseng Extract is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
A très elegant, super-slim and multi-use makeup mirror that can be positioned in three different ways. Encased in cushioning faux leather, the portable mirror folds up flat for ease of storage. It’s the perfect mirror to pack on a trip.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Fight shine with our new types of Blotting Paper- Tea Tree, Green Tea, Fresh Face and Matte! Each pack of NYX’s Blotting Paper comes with sheets of 100% pure pulp paper to absorb excess oils and keeps you shine free! Green Tea (BPRGT) • Immersed with Green Tea antioxidants to protect and rejuvenate skin. • Absorbs oil quickly and effectively leaving skin looking fresh and matte. • Pocket friendly packaging fit for all compartments. Tea Tree (BPRTT) • Rapidly controls t-zone and oily areas on face. • Remove excess oil without budging your makeup. Fresh Face (BPRBC) • Remove excess oil that can cause blemishes with fortified pulp paper infused with salicylic acid.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Use when applying pressed or loose powder. Dab gently when using. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Attention all island girls: Now you can anoint your body with a natural glow using our silky smooth Body Bronzer infused with a divine tropical scent. Use on arms, legs and the décolletage to create glistening color any time of year. The portable bronzer compact comes with a sponge applicator for ease of application. Available in 5 shades.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Get longer and fuller lashes using the Boudoir Mascara Collection.Consisting of 7 formulas and distinctive wands, each mascara deliversfull, lengthening, and curled lashes. Extend, volumize, and darkenlashes with the wide range of mascaras in this collection and lookbright-eyed for 24 hours smudge-free with beautiful lashes!
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Mineral Oil/Paraffinum Liquidum/Huile Minérale, Polybutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire d’Abeille, Silica Dimethyl Silylate [NANO], Microcrystalline Wax/Cera Microcristallina/Cire Microcristalline, Polyethylene, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Paraffin, Barium Sulfate (CI 77120), Rosin/Colophonium/Colophane, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance/Parfum. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140).
NYX Calcium Nail Strengthener is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying liquid makeup and powder or cream foundation. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Add color and moisturize to your lips in one application.  When your lips crave hydration and you crave color, NYX Cosmetics new Color Lip Balm is the perfect option! Get the moisture, shine, and a sheer wash of color your lips desire while still looking natural. Available in 12 shades.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Use when applying pressed or loose powder. Dab gently when using. Should always be kept clean and dry.
Use when applying pressed or loose powder. Dab gently when using. Should always be kept clean and dry.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
NYX’s Cream Eye Shadows are bursting with intense shimmering pigments in assorted hues. These exceptional Cream Eye Shadows come in 20 shades that have a velvety texture and dries promptly after application and lasts all day. This rich and smooth Cream Eye Shadow is water resistant and crease-free Cream Eye Shadow is the product that you can wear for every season and occasion.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
NYX Cuticle Oil is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
NYX Cuticle Remover is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Hello doll-face! For irresistibly fluttery eyelashes, try this mascara on for size. Doll Eye Mascara uses a unique blend of natural oils, Vitamin E and nylon fibers to extend eyelashes to almost faux proportions. Choose from lengthening, volumizing or waterproof versions.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
NYX Extra Creamy Round Lipstick is our classic lipstick for all-year round. The mineral-based emollient formula offers a beautiful velvet texture, saturated color and it resists wear and smudging. It’s your go-to lipstick. From Pure Nude to Pink Lyric to Chic Red, Extra Creamy Round Lipstick is available in a jaw-dropping 124 shades.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
A gentle, effective and high-grade solution formulated to remove the toughest makeup—even waterproof makeup—and hydrate your skin as it cleans. The oil and water emulsion is infused with oils, rice and soy extracts, as well as orange and papaya fruit extracts.
Sculpt, fill in and enhance your natural eyebrows with our felt-tip Eyebrow Marker. The color resists smearing and smudging, and wears all day long.
Play up your natural assets with this dual-sided pencil that delivers sensual eyebrows in just a few minutes. Use the universally flattering color to fill in your arches and the highlighter to lift and brighten your eyes. Like the LBD of pencils, the effect is immediate, captivating and undeniably sexy.
Tame unruly eyebrows with this ingenious wax pencil. The blend of waxes is enriched with Vitamin E and leaves arches in tip-top condition and impeccable shape, with just a few strokes.
Here’s a real collector’s item: You’ll be tempted to amass your own sensational color library of our richly pigmented eye shadows. Choose from 72 individual NYX Single Eye Shadow shades in shimmer, sheer, glitter, frosty, metallic or matte. Our pressed mineral eye shadows pack a color punch, are easy to blend and last for many hours.
Boost your flutter factor with exquisitely curled eyelashes. Our curler grips lashes without pinching, pulling or tugging. It lifts, caresses and bends eyelashes from the inner to the outer corner. A beauty essential not be blinked at.
When you are about to apply faux eyelashes, glue is imperative! With the NYX eye lash glue in jet black and clear, these bad boys will fuse the falsies to your lash line as if they were your natural lashes! Both are waterproof formulas and dry transparently quicker than other leading brands. No need to wait for longer and fuller lashes, you’ll be doll eyed in no time! Stuck On You – Eye Lash Glue in Clear Clear formula. Dries transparent promptly. Trouble-free application.
Maximize the intensity, longevity and unashamed brilliance of your eye shadow statements with our eye shadow primer pots. Each of the three NYX Eye Shadow Bases—for vibrant, pearl or neutral tones—creates a smooth canvas for color, increases its durability and prevents fallout.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our Felt Tip Eye Liner eye marker creates a smudge-proof, budge-proof and waterproof line that lives up to its description as a “one-day tattoo.” The eye liner marker releases the ideal amount of ink for decidedly dramatic peepers. Available in 3 mysterious shades.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Use when applying powdery products for lighter application.
Use when applying powdery products for lighter application.
Use when applying powdery products for lighter application.
Use when applying powdery products for lighter application.
Time to get batty! NYX's Fly With Me mascara intensifies lashes 100x's making average lashes super long and ultra dark with its air diffusing power. Get intense yet lightweight coverage to elevate your eyelashes to dramatic new heights. The volumizing wand boosts even the wimpiest of eyelashes. Your lashes will soar to the sky!
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Stand out in a crowd with the new eye catching liquid liners. Available in 9 candy-colored shades your eyes will be anything but ordinary. Its flexible brush tip guides the way for a perfectly lined eye as well as smooth application.
A collection wouldn’t be full without the pop and glam of lip gloss! Available in 11 shades of rich glitter with a hint of color, select the shade that’ll rock your outfit. There’s no need to limit yourself to one favorite lip color here, and the thing is, you won’t need to!
Glaze your pout with the Glam Lipstick Aqua Shine for every occasion! Put the spotlight on your lips as you wear each and all of in 12 velvet and glossy finishes.  Amplify your look from dull to glam instantly with a kick of intense shimmer and chromaticity to vivify your iconic look!
Be a glow-getter using the Glam Shadows attainable in 22 long-lasting shades that provides a lustrous finish. Get a standing ovation as you glide through the streets wearing the Glam Shadow packed with extreme color and dose of sparkle enhance your luminous beauty!
The paparazzi can't get enough of your intense eyes with the vibrant rich jewel tones of the Glam Shadow Sticks obtainable in 16 hues. The shadow sticks provide extreme pigmentation with the right amount of sparkle that will outshine the flashing lights. Get ready to steal the limelight with your glam eyes!
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
The fairest of them all? You, of course, especially with this nifty makeup mirror in hand. Embossed with our NYX logo and presented in a protective velvet sleeve, it inspires endless moments of reflection and polished perfection.
Prep your eyelids with this lightweight eye makeup primer that evens skin tone, smooths lines and ensures lasting makeup application. The High Definition Eye Shadow Base conceals creases and pumps up the vibrancy of your eye shadow.
This revolutionary HD Studio Photogenic Grinding Blush compact allows you to grind just enough mineral-enriched cheek color for one flawless application. The result is a finely-milled, high-definition blush that, once applied, deflects light, reduces the appearance of pores and smooths your complexion—making you camera-ready in no time. The rest of your product remains fresh and uncontaminated. Available in 8 shades.
Designed to be paired with our HD Studio Foundation, this silky makeup primer fills in pores, minimizes the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and mattifies the complexion for a seamless finish. It also ensures the durability of your makeup, which will last for hours under even the harshest lighting.
NYX High Gloss Top Coat is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
A radiant eye liner that also doubles as an eye shadow. Made with a blend of mineral oil and powder, our creamy Jumbo Eye Pencils glide on effortlessly—no pulling, tugging or fading—and come in a rainbow of vivid hues. Some call her chubby. We say voluptuous. Available in 32 shades.
It’s double or nothing with this lip liner and lipstick in one. Our masterful Jumbo Lip Pencils infuse lips with alluring, nourishing color, and help you create a precision pout. Line, define and color with one jumbo pencil. Plus the mineral oil formula does not dry out your lips and it goes on smoothly. We likey. Available in 25 shades.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Just like our Studio Liquid Liner but infused with micro-glitter for a dose of razzle-dazzle. The fine tip allows for precision application, and can be used to create lines of varying thickness. Perfect for when you need to sparkle at a party, or for instant nighttime glitz. Available in 10 shades.
For sensitive eyes, we have an eye lash glue sincerely made for you and your love for falsies! Our transparent formula includes an applicator to glue your faux lashes with ease. The formula is latex free and gluten free. No need to stress on the intricacy of beauty, we’re here to make it simple to get those fluttering lashes that you desire! Party All Night – Latex Free Eye Lash Glue in Clear Transparent formula. Applicator included for easy application on false lashes. Latex free formula. Gluten free. Friendly for sensitive eyes.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
It’s not hard to sparkle with one of our ultra-shimmering loose shadow powders that can be used on eyes, cheeks, even lips. These finely-milled mineral eye shadows are high-impact, long-lasting—and a little addictive.
Load your lips with plush, pigment-rich color choosing from 12 brand new shades of Matte Lipstick—our shockingly smooth lip color that glides right on and stays in place with a silky matte finish that never feels dry. Now available in a range of fresh new hues, these playful pops of color are just what your spring wardrobe needs!
Kiss me quick! Our signature Mega Shine Lip Gloss delivers shine, moisture and softness and envelops lips with glistening color. The finish is both creamy and steamy and ensures knockout glamour. A blend of mineral and lanolin oils helps protect the pout. Available in 50 almost sinful lip gloss shades.
Use when applying pressed or loose powder. Ideal for body powders as well as face.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Set the mood with any of our Mood Lip Glosses available in 4 shades! Each lip gloss transforms into a different beautiful hue based on the person’s mood. The moisturizing formula applies clear and shiny, then develops into a rosy tint that is perfect alone or over a lipstick! Romantic Love (MLG01) In the mood for love? This astonishing lip gloss goes on clear and then self-adjusts in just five seconds to a gorgeous shade of reddish pink. NYX Mood Lip Gloss a real transformer and a reliable performer. Affectionate (MLG02) Let your affection glisten on your lips with the “Affectionate” lip gloss from the Mood Lip Gloss Collection! Apply the translucent shimmery gloss on your lips and watch your pout change to an adorable pink shade. Sensual (MLG03) Stimulate your lips with a hint of mauve and a scent of sweet berries! The “Sensual” lip gloss from the Mood Lip Gloss Collection transforms the color of your lips into the plum shade that fits you best. The Blue Lip Gloss – Smile Brightener (MLG04) Enhance your smile with the Mood Lip Gloss Smile Brightener! The sheer lipgloss illuminates your smile with the blue micro-crystal technology granting you a flawless smile. Use bare on your lips or top off your favorite lip product with a touch of the Smile Brightener to enrich your smile for all to see!
Like a light switch for the face, this medley of five luminizers creates a dazzling glow for every skin tone. The mineral-based formula highlights, hydrates and helps protect the skin. Available in 12 shades.
NYX Multi Purpose Nail Treatment is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
NYX Nail Growth Regenerator is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
NYX Nail Hardener is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Nude Matte Shadow is anything but boring. Our shimmer-less singles are packed with pigment that never fails to make your eyes pop! Now, our entirely matte eyeshadows are available in 12 new Beyond Nude shades. Meet your bold match among these rich, earthy tones. Soft and smooth for seamless blending, these shadows offer a perfectly plush and true-matte finish in 33 colors.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Reduce the look of your pores promptly using the Pore Filler. The talc-free and oil-free basecoat is perfect to apply prior to putting on your favorite foundation. The Pore Filler includes Vitamin E to enhance and smoothen your skin.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our pressed powder blush delivers sheer, silky color that glides on, blends beautifully and creates a natural glow. The formula is richly-pigmented and lasts for hours. Available in 24 shades.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Get ready for aerodynamic lashes: The brush of this majestic mascara boasts a four-way pinwheel design that lifts eyelashes up and coats them in a truly conditioning formula, enriched with Pro Vitamin B5 D-Panthenol and Green Tea Extract. We think you’ll want to take it for a spin.
Boost your lips to their fullest shape and size with our Pump It Up Lip Plumper. Our plumpers come in 9 assorted colors and each shade acknowledges well-known sensual celebrity lips such as Angelina Jolie and Scarlett Johansson, along with plenty other desirable famous vixens. Maxi-Lip is a special peptide that we have infused into our new and improved formula! Peptides are known to improve collagen synthesis, which can lead to firmer, fuller, smoother looking lips!
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
NYX Quick Dry is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Take your look to a whole new level of beautiful by emphasizing your lips! The creamy texture of our Retractable Liner for lips delivers intense pigmentation while it moisturizes. The formula is renowned for its lasting power. Define your lips with 19 luscious hues!
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
NYX Ridge Filler Base Coat is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00.
Dazzle your face and body with Roll On Shimmer! Jazz up your look with any of the 16 brilliant shades that wears on eyes, face and body. Loose powder with intense shimmer and glitter. Simply apply to your desired body part by rolling on the product and control the intensity of the pigment yourself! Easily blend the shimmer powder using a brush or clean fingers and take with you everywhere you go for added sparkle.
More delicious than peaches and cream? We like to think so. Our velvety smooth mineral Rouge Cream Blush offers a sheer wash of radiant color. The glorious payoff is dewy, sultry and long-lasting. Available in 12 shades.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
NYX Cosmetics introduces a professional nail care collection that will adorn your fingers and toes - the Salon Formula Nail Polish! These exceptional nail polishes come in 144 brilliant on-trend colors including 10 nail treatments that will make it seem like you just received a fresh manicure and pedicure from a professional salon! See the vividness of each color with one easy coat on your nails. Just one coat, it’s that quick and easy! With the long-lasting formula and an extraordinary selection of colors to fit your every mood and pretty outfits, your nails will be dazzling all the time!
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Looking sharp was rarely this breezy: Our 2-in-1 makeup pencil sharpener fine-tunes both jumbo and regular size eye and lip pencils. Made of high-quality steel, it provides a smooth, effortless motion, while the inner casing collects shavings for a no-mess effort.
Prime your skin with our Shine Killer stimulant! Apply this nourishing Vitamin E formulated invention prior to your usual makeup routine to assist your makeup to be more long-lasting and flawless throughout the day. This marvel eliminates the appearance of oil and shine keeping your face matte!
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Slim, trim but never prim, our lip pencils come in 60 dashing shades—from auburn to orange and traffic-stopping red. The buttery, long-wearing lip liner formula goes on easily and resists bleeding. Available in 60 shades.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
Isohexadecane, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Dimethicone, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire d’Abeille, Glyceryl Behenate/Eicosadioate, Talc, Cyclopentasiloxane, Propylene Carbonate, Silica, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Rosin/Colophonium/Colophane, Barium Sulfate (CI 77120), Phenoxyethanol, Flavor/Aroma, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410).
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Add a touch of color with our creamy and extremely pigmented Stick Blush! Available in eight rich shades! Apply and receive the perfect glow every day!
Transform your look in seconds with this super-pigmented eye liner that highlights eyes with an electrifying stroke of color. The fine tip allows for precision application, and can be used to create lines of varying thickness. Go subtle or go gaga. Available in 12 scintillating shades.
Prepare your canvas with our silky primer. The Studio Perfect Primer formula is easily absorbed, creates a smooth surface for foundation, and ensures the longevity of your makeup. Available in 3 shades: Clear (to cover fine lines and large pores); Lavender (to brighten and illuminate yellow undertones); and Green (to conceal redness). A separation in formula is natural and does not affect the quality of the formula.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Here’s a real magic marker: The extra wide felt tip eye liner is perfect for creating a dramatic cat-eye look. The eye marker application is smooth and the striking results are long-lasting and smudge-proof.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
Use when applying liquid [email protected] powder foundation or two way cake products.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
The micro-fine felt tip on this eye liner means you can use it for everything from filling in your eyelash line to a subtle cat-eye look.The eye marker application is smooth and the striking results are long-lasting and smudge-proof.
It takes two to tango but just one of our brilliant bronzing powders to kickstart your look. Our mosaic bronzer shades create a golden glow on the face and body—like you’ve just returned from a Caribbean getaway. Sun-kissed never looked this sexy or healthy. Available in five versions.
If you’re harboring bronze ambitions, this product is a must. This Tango with Bronzing Stix cream bronzer highlights, sculpts and warms the complexion, in one nifty and portable applicator. Available in 4 shades. 
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Our latest line of stylish makeup brushes brings you one giant stepcloser to the professional, with tools for everything from eye primingto cheek contouring. The NYX makeup brush collection is equipped withwhite handles, glossy black ferrules and a blend of natural andsynthetic hair. Our natural brushes are ideal for powder products, whilesynthetic bristles absorb just the right amounts of liquid and creamproducts for a flawless finish.
An innovative, ergonomic shape that makes applying liquid liner mistake-proof. The grip zone provides just the right hold to make application precise, secure and best of all...effortless. • Intense color payoff • Steady, even lining • Water Resistant • Lasts up to 14 hours • Quick Drying • Smudge-proof • Paraben Free • Formaldehyde Free • No Feathering, no skipping, no running
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
No longer reserved just for special occasions, the runway or the red-carpet, false eyelashes are now an everyday staple. As their name suggests, our falsies create instant fabulosity, plus they’re easy to apply and uber-fun to wear. Our 40-strong eyelash library includes both natural and synthetic hair lashes for every look under the sun—or the moon.
Beautify your lips with this velvety rich lip cream that provides extreme pigmentation with a silky and glossy finish. This lip cream is a hybrid of lipstick, lip gloss, and lip stain with intense pigmentation all in one. Complete your head-turning look with the Xtreme Lip Cream in any of the 11 luscious colors.
NYX Face Duo is a Face Palette that retails for $9.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Brow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $6.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Eyebrow Cake Powder is a Brow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Eyeshadow Trio is a Eye Palette that retails for $7.00. There are 40 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $7.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Love in Paris Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $10.00. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Love in Florence Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $8.00. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Shade #1 that is permanent and retails for $5.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
NYX Shade #2 that is permanent and retails for $5.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Ultra-soft, all-natural hair easily lifts and smoothly places powder for a naturally flushed look.
Pack a powerful punch of color with this strengthening formula that combats breaking and brittleness and features a built-in protective base and top coat.
Lightweight, silky powder adds warm bronze highlights to your skin for a natural, sun-kissed look all year round. Infused with luminous golden shimmer, brush lightly on cheeks, nose and forehead for a flattering, healthy look. Available in 2 shades.
Brow Fantasy defines, colors, and sets your eyebrows in 2 easy steps. Use the Defining Pencil to fill in your brows, then follow by brushing on the sheer tint gel to shape and set your brows. Fragrance free. Ophthalmologist and consumer tested. Suitable for contact lens wearers. 
Safely files away calluses and smoothes rough skin. Two grades for tough and extra tough skin. Files remove for easy washing. Lifetime Guarantee
Experience the free-spirited, irrepressible, irreverent original. A playful mix of captivating fresh florals and amber spice.
Revlon Berry Smoothe that is permanent and retails for $7.49 and contains 0.09 oz.
NEW SHADES for your ESCPAISM look! Revlon ColorBurst Lip gloss for lips that shine with killer color. This weightless gloss makes lips pop with 5X more shine than patent leather Available in 4 new summer shades: Crystal Water, Bellini, Sizzle and Sunbaked. A pop of weightless color with vivid, mirror-like shine. Outshines everything but you! • Micro-crystal formula for 5X the shine of patent leather • Plush applicator shaped to curves of your lips for smooth, even application of colour • ColorBurst's Elasticolor™ technology for rich color with a weightless feel • Moisturizers and anti-oxidants such as sweet almond oil and vitamin E conditions and improves lip texture
ColorStay Aqua Mineral Finishing powder is a translucent mineral finishing powder that delivers a burst of hydrating coconut water and an instant cooling sensation upon application. This revolutionary mineral finisher sets foundation and minimizes the look of pores and fine lines, leaving skin even and smooth. Specially formulated longwearing ColorStay technology provides a shine-free soft matte finish that lasts all day. Best of all, this weightless loose powder keeps skin looking healthy and flawless. Wear alone or with Color stay Aqua Mineral Makeup. Comes in 4 beautiful shades, with SPF 13 protection.
Unique dual ended wand with tinted wax and highlighter Tinted wax to color and set brows for soft definition. Highlighter to brighten brow bone area for a lifted appearance. Wears up to 16 hours
Looking for that eyeliner that lasts as long as you do? This Colorstay Creme Gel Eyeliner by Revlon fits the bill. 
Revlon ColorStay Eyeliner glides on easily adding drama and definition to your eyes for up to 16 hours. Waterproof formula won't smear, smudge or fade.
Perfect any lip look with Revlon ColorStay Lipliner. Exclusive ColorStay technology with SoftFlex provides longwearing definition, helps lipcolor last longer and prevents feathering and bleeding.
Liquid eyeliner delivers a precise line via a no-mess, felt-tipped applicator pen. ColorStay Liquid Eye Pen by Revlon features rich color without caking or flaking. Color glides on smoothly and wears for up to 16 hours without smudging or smearing. Ophthalmologist tested. Suitable for contact lens wearers.
This long lasting liquid eyeliner won_x0019_t smudge, smear or fade away. The flexible tip applicator is perfect for creating a precise line or a wide wash of color. Ophthalmologist tested. Suitable for contact lens wearers. 
Up to 11 days of lasting color* and gel-like shine in 30 easy to remove shades. No light required. 
Lip gloss is infused with a unique mineral complex that adds glossy color to lips. ColorStay Mineral Lipglaze by Revlon is designed to last for up to 8 hours without touchups. Protects lips from dryness, too.
Long, intensely dark lashes -Wears for 24 hours -No flakes, smears, or smudges -Tear-proof, sweat-proof, humidity-proof
All day lipcolor and gloss that works overtime! ColorStay Overtime Lipcolor covers your lips in full coverage color and shine for up to 16 hours, no touch-ups needed. One end smoothes on advanced ColorStay liquid formula with SoftFlex for beautiful, comfortable color that won't kiss off, feather or bleed. The other end brushes on a moisturizing top coat with chamomile and soy extract for all-day glossy softness.
Colorstay Smoky Shadow Stick gives you all day crease proof, fade proof color.
Perfect your pout with this stay put lipcolor. Lipcolor that last through your dinner meal without needing to reapply. Lasts up to 12 hours.
Is your lipstick giving you both moisture and wear? This velvety soft formula with moisturizing shea butter and aloe is food proof and doesn't quit.
Convenient travel size emery boards to put in your purse or travel bag. Coarse side shapes nails, while fine side smoothes and finishes. Great for salon quality results at home or on the go. Contains 24 high¿quality boards.
Pointed tip gently cleans under nails The unique material in the file allows you to file nails quickly and helps prevent splitting One side shapes, the other side smoothes Easy grip
Trimming your nails when traveling has never been easier than with a compact nail clipper by Revlon. These clippers help you maintain your nail health by allowing you to trim off broken edges or keep your nails short. This travel-sized tool can easily be placed in your purse or desk drawer, so you'll always have it on hand when you need it.
Compact tweezer for all of your on-the-go tweezing needs. The precision-aligned slanted tips allow an optimal angle for a wide range of tweezing needs, while the textured grips provide extra control for accurate tweezing. 
Ultra-soft, high grade fibers and narrow, flat brush head design for precise application and flawless coverage.
A truly feminine bouquet of jasmine, orange flower and ylang-ylang.
Ultra soft, all natural hair with a rounded, slanted tip to create beautiful definition and contrast
Achieve salon-style results with the Control Grip 1/4 Jaw Nail Nipper. Expertly designed, ultra-fine and sharp precision-crafted blades for the most precise cuticle cutting. Highest-quality stainless steel for superior precision and durability. Removable anti-slip grips for superior control.
Ultra soft and sturdy high grade fibers delivers precise application for lipcolor and gloss. Flat, tapered shape allows for a smooth, even and flawless application. Sleek cover doubles as an elongated handle for precision and control.
The secret to the 10 second manicure. Creates 400% more shine than bare nails. Unique, comfortable shape for easy use. Green side smoothes and evens out nail surface. White side polishes to an outrageous shine. Create top-coat shine in seconds.
The secret to a 10 second manicure…Revlon Crazy Shine™ to Go Nail Buffer creates topcoat shine in seconds that lasts up to 3 days. Comes in a pack of two in a heart and flower shape with fun, eye catching designs. Perfect for travel or on-the-go use.
Blushing beauty is at your fingertips with this weightless, creamy formula. Blends easily into skin, adding a sheer wash of color to your cheeks. Pop-out mirror is perfect for easy application anywhere, anytime.
This double sided glass file won't wear down and is gentle on nails. The tempered glass resists breaking. The ultra fine filing surface helps prevent nails from splitting. Perfect for all nail types; works on polished nails.
Keep cuticles tidy and hangnails at bay with Revlon's Curved Blade Cuticle Scissors. Ultra¿fine curved blades are perfectly aligned for accurate, easy trimming. Constructed with durable, long¿lasting tempered steel.
Creates beautiful upswept lashes. Sleek design fits close to the lash line for maximum curl. Cushioned grip provides comfort and no-slip control with spring action for proper leverage. Use on bare or mascara-coated lashes.
Cuticle Softener by Revlon instantly smoothes and softens cuticles. Moisturizes and conditions cuticles for softer, smoother fingertips.
Easily care for your cuticles with a cuticle trimmer from Revlon. This trimmer is made of stainless steel and closely follows your cuticle's curve, helping you to make a clean cut. Soft-touch handle makes the trimmer comfortable to hold. A protective cap keeps it clean and protects the bag in which you store it. Use the contoured edge of the tool to push your cuticles back and the glide metal end to trim.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Perfectly aligned, ultra-precise slant tips allow for high precision tweezing, grabbing even the tiniest of hairs with ease. Slanted edge provides a larger gripping surface for quick and easy tweezing. Pointed tips grab short and stubborn hairs. Perfect handle tension allows for superior control. Stainless Steel. Revlon Guaranteed for Life.
Achieve salon-quality results at home with Revlon Designer File. Full-length board is easy to hold for superior control, with a cushioned finish for comfortable, flexible filing. Coarse grain surface quickly files, while smooth surface finishes. Long lasting with a convenient plastic pouch.
Sleek design fits close to the lash line for maximum curl. Use on bare or mascara-coated lashes. Finger grips for a comfortable, non-slip grip while curling lashes. High quality, Revlon eyelash curler designed to fit all eye shapes
Diamond Collection File by Revlon are iresistably attractive. One side shapes, the other side sparkles for salon quality results at home. Full-length board is easy to hold for superior control, with a cushioned finish for comfortable, flexible filing. Long lasting with a convenient plastic pouch. Full-length nail shaper in a convenient pouch.
Perfectly aligned, ultra-precise slant tips allow for high precision tweezing, grabbing even the tiniest of hairs with ease. Slanted edge provides a larger gripping surface for quick and easy tweezing. Pointed tips grab short and stubborn hairs. Perfect handle tension allows for superior control.
Tips are coated with real diamond particles for maximum gripping power. Grips short and baby-fine hairs with maximum hold for a clean tweeze every time.
Revlon Diamond Lust Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $4.99 and contains 0.03 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
All in one lash and brow grooming tool.
Two-in-one slanted eyeliner and smudge dome brush to create a makeup artist, smoldering eye look.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Revlon Easy Smooth Callus Shaver with Catcher is ergonomically designed to quickly and gently remove tough calluses for beautiful, smooth feet. Built-in catcher traps shavings for a mess-free experience. Use only on clean, dry feet. Revlon Guaranteed for Life.
Coarse grain surface quickly shapes and smoothes normal to hard nails and artificial nails Professional length for superior control Cushioned and flexible for comfortable filing Washable and long lasting
Achieve salon–quality results at home with the Expert Shaper for Weak Nails. Full–length board is easy to hold for superior control, with a cushioned finish for comfortable, flexible filing. Fine grain surface is gentle on weak or fragile nails. Washable and long lasting.
Perfectly aligned, ultra-precise tips tweeze even the tiniest hairs with ease. Slanted edge provides a larger gripping surface for quick and easy tweezing. Pointed tip is ideal for handling short or stubborn hairs. Non-slip matte finish and perfect handle tension provide a comfortable grip for better control. 
Precision-aligned square tips provide a wider gripping surface to tweeze more hairs at once. Non-slip matte finish and perfect handle tension provide a comfortable grip for better control.
Get maximum impact from your lashes with the curler with comfort grip. Rounded pad won't pull on lashes.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Revlon's first-to-market shaper with peel-away layers. 6 files in 1 so you always have a fresh file available.
Shiny and Smooth Nails - - - Beautiful, well filed and polished nails are every woman's pride. Revlon Beauty Tools File 'N Smooth Nail File is just the right tool to achieve this. This stainless steel file carries Revlon's hallmark of quality. It smoothens from one side and files from the other. - - - Unique etched two way surface - - 100% stainless steel filing surface - - Easy to clean, rinse and reuse - - - Revlonï¿½s nail file is gentle on the nails and can even be used on polished nails, without chipping the polish. It's fast and effective and its unique two way etched sides help you to smoothen and file the nails using the same tool.
Radiate a seductive glow & ultra-cool feel. A tantalizing blend of sheer florals, warm musk and exotic citrus notes. 
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
High-grade, super-soft fibers to apply liquid makeup smoothly and evenly for a naturally flawless look.
Revlon Frost&Glow™ is the easy-to-use, at-home highlighting kit that delivers natural-looking, salon-quality highlights. Whether you're looking to create subtle or dramatic highlights, our exclusive LightZones™ cap makes application easy and uniform. Revlon Frost&Glow™ is ammonia-free for maximum gentleness and has deep conditioners for optimal softness and shine. 
For complete cuticle maintenance, this nipper precisely cuts cuticles -- neatly and safely. Stainless steel and professional craftsmanship combine in a precision beauty instrument that is perfectly balanced for years of worry-free performance.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Lashes not only look instantly longer and lusher, they will also grow stronger day after day with this Grow Luscious mascara by Revlon.
Conditioning formula helps strengthen and plump lashes for maximum volume. Tapered brush uniquely fits eyes' contour, coating every lash to plumped perfection.*
Grow Luscious Plumping Waterproof Mascara by Revlon has a conditioning formula that helps strengthen and plump lashes more than 2X instantly for maximum volume.
For complete cuticle maintenance, this nipper precisely cuts cuticles -- neatly and safely. Stainless steel and professional craftsmanship combine in a precision beauty instrument that is perfectly balanced for years of worry-free performance.
Strong, sharp blades trim the toughest nails safely and easily Spring action for a clean cut every time Long, textured handles for a comfortable grip with either hand Stainless steel
Unique, ergonomic stainless stell tool designed to relieve the pain and pressure of ingrown toenails, while working to prevent new ones.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Refresh, renew and revitalize your senses. The light citrus scent you love--all over. Clean Naté…Clean never felt so fresh™ Go one step beyond any clean you've ever known with Jean Naté™. The light clean scent refreshes your senses all day long. 
A tender bouquet of white flowers. Top Notes: Bergamot, Chamomile, Cypress, Rose, Gardenia Mid Notes: Sage, Tuberose, Mimosa, Geranium, Ylang Dry Down: Benzoin, Musk, Oakmoss, Vetiver, Patchouly
Just Bitten Kissable Balm Stain gives softer, smoother lips with a perfect flush of color that lasts hour after hour. The gel formula comes in 12 vibrant shades that match any look or mood. Lightweight Lipstain + Moisturizing Balm 100% of women who tried it felt their lips were instantly moisturized with a soft stain of color Retractable chubby crayon, no sharpener required
Kiss-proof color with soft shine Nourishing balm for supreme comfort Lipstain and balm in one convenient, dual-ended package Lipstain marker provides precise application Color does not smudge or streak Contains vitamin C for for anti-oxidant protection Creamy, lightweight balm perfectly melts on lips for smooth, glide-on application Translucent balm provides instant moisture and soft shine
Ultra-soft, all-natural hair for both face and body.
Want to have the best looking lashes? Welcome to the eyelash curler that will take you there. Revlon's Advanced Design Eyelash Curler features spring-action movement, which ensures controlled curling. The handles are cushioned with a non-slip grip for comfort and safety and the included silicone replacement pad can be changed in seconds.
Revlon Lash Fantasy Total Definition™ Mascara nourishes thickens and lengthens lashes with amazing clump free definition! - Vitamin enriched primer nourishes, lifts and makes lashes look up to 70% longer - Mascara delivers thickness and rich, intense color impact that lasts all day, without smudging or flaking - NEW Lash Separating brushes comb through every single lash for beautiful clump free definition
Revlon Lash Fantasy Total Definition™ Mascara Waterproof nourishes thickens and lengthens lashes with amazing clump free definition! - Vitamin enriched primer nourishes, lifts and makes lashes look up to 70% longer - Mascara delivers thickness and rich, intense color impact that lasts all day, without smudging or flaking - NEW Lash Separating brushes comb through every single lash for beautiful definition without clumping
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Give that extra little glam with these shimmery limited edtion eyeshadows by Revlon.
Have it all with Revlon's Luxurious Color Eyeliner. One pencil lets you create two looks from precise to smoky. The velvety formula glides on with the ease of a pencil and the color intensity of a liquid liner. Customize your look with the built-in smudger.
Sparkling Crystallized Finish Rich, refined pigments and velvety smooth textures Glides on smoothly, blends effortlessly Helps define and accent eyes Satin shades provide a smooth shimmering finish Perle shades provide a sparkling crystallized finish Matte shade provide a creamy rich finish
Enriched with our revolutionary ammonia-free Triple Butter Complex for nourished, hydrated and ultra conditioned hair.  A combination of three of nature's most decadent butters, with vitamins and antioxidants, create this luxuriously nourishing Triple Butter Complex.  This revolutionary combination, without a single drop of ammonia, delivers supreme color and conditioned healthy shiny hair. The drip-free, creamy formula saturates and fortifies every strand, spreading easily and distributing rich color.  Perfect coverage without the mess.
Reveal everything with Revlon's Tweezer Mirror. Powerful 10x magnification for flawless grooming. Shows even the tiniest, hardest to get hairs. Suction cups attach to any flat surface for hands-free use.
Brushes onto cheeks smoothly and effortlessly for a soft matte look and a smooth, even finish. Perfectly defines and contours the cheekbones.
Perfectly aligned tips for high precision tweezing. Revlon Mini Tweezer Set To Go contains a slant and point tip for cleaning and shaping brows. Comes with a convenient travel pouch and is perfectly sized for air travel.
A Revlon® classic! Condition your lips with creamy Moon Drops™ Lipstick. Keep your lips soft and supple, with beautiful, flattering color.
Keep your lips soft and supple with our Moon Drops™ Moisturizing Lip Conditioner. The unique center core is designed to condition and moisturize chapped or dry lips. Get non-stop, lip conditioning by wearing Moon Drops Lipstick for day and Moon Drops™ Lip Conditioner at night.
Clear nail formula provides an ideal base and finish coat for long-wearing color. Multi Care Base+Top Coat is infused with plasticizers and acrylic polymer to protect nails from nicks and chips. Flexible formula contains a UV filter to help maintain polish color¿s vividness.
Revlon Nail Art Expressionist is a Nail Lacquer. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Nail Art Moon Candy allows you to get a gorgeous, iridescent effect inspired by outer space. The holographic glitter top coat is illuminated by the dark cream base coat, giving your nails a multi-dimensional look. The dual-ended package gives you everything you need to create a fun, cosmic look.
Electrify your fingertips. Revlon Nail Art Neon contains a white base coat to brighten your neon with a pop of shocking color.
Nail Brightener by Revlon instantly brightens and whitens nails. Instantly conceals yellow nails Restores natural brightness and evens out nail surface
Make this superior-quality clipper a part of your nail care regime. The large grip allows you to clip even tough nails safely and easily. The nail file rotates out to clean under nails efficiently and smooth ragged edges. It folds up to a compact size for easy storage.
A gentle shake of the bottle and two coats and your nails are good to go. From the beach to the boardroom, this formaldehyde and toluene-free nail enamel by Revlon is available in a variety of shades to suit your style.
Stainless steel scissors are crafted with curved blades and a sharp tip to remove stubborn cuticles. Revlon Nail Scissors are aligned perfectly to deliver maximum precision. Comes with a lifetime warranty.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Designed to take the fear out of lash curling…The No Pinch Mini Curler’s “no cage” design fits most eye shapes and prevents pinching while accentuating even your smallest lashes. The rounded pad creates the perfect lash curl—won’t crimp or stick to lashes. Convenient for on-the-go or travel.
Comfortable scissor-style handles provide ease of use and superior control. Ideal for people with weak hands or painful joints. Slant tip provides an optimal angle for a wide range of tweezing needs. 
Comfortable scissor-style handles provide ease of use and superior control. Ideal for people with weak hands or painful joints. Square tip provides a larger gripping surface to tweeze multiple hairs at once. 
Make your peepers pop for the camera with Photo Ready 3D mascara by Revlon.
Lash finding brush with rounded tip easily reaches every single lash for maximum dimension.
NEW Revlon PhotoReady™ Bronzer was created by Global Artistic Director Gucci Westman for the Spring 2012 collection. This unique bronzer incorporates 4 different bronzer shades into 1 beautiful palette. The 4 shades can be used throughout the year for ‘four seasons’ of bronzing color or used together to create an expertly bronzed look. The formula contains photochromatic pigments that bend, reflect and diffuse light for a flawless, golden glow.
Trying to hide those blemishes? Photo Ready Perfecting Primer by Revlon gives you that perfect start.
Revlon Photo Ready Cream Blush was created by Global Artistic Director Gucci Westman for the Spring 2012 collection. Inspired by the glowing skin of a beach beauty, these silky cream blushes glide on smoothly provide a dewy flush of color for a healthy, gorgeous glow. Creamy blush provides buildable, beautiful flush of color Lightweight formula with silky soft feel on skin Blends evenly over cheeks for smooth application Photochromatic pigments bend and reflect light to provide cheeks with a beautiful glow
Brighten up your eyes with your Photo ready Eye Primer Brightener by Revlon.
Start your camera ready look woth Photo Ready Perfecting Primer by Revlon.
Complete your camera ready face with this translucent powder by Revlon.
Ultra soft, all-natural hair and dome-shaped design for effortless blending.
Revlon Powder Blush, a soft, natural flush of color. This Ultra-soft, silky powder blush adds a natural flush of color to your cheeks, provides a buildable flush of color with a soft satin finish, and enhances cheekbones instantly.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Ultra thin brush allows for precise application on entire lash band or even the corners of lashes. -Saves time! Easy to apply with no hassle. -No need for extra application tool (such as cotton swab or brush) to apply onto lash band. -Easy touch-up anytime, anywhere. -Convenient and purse friendly. Waterproof & Latex Free
Gently exfoliates and smoothes away rough skin on feet, hands, elbows and knees Rounded shape is safe and comfortable to use Use on wet or damp skin
Formulated with plasticizers and acrylic polymer, Quick Dry Top Coat by Revlon protects nails from nicks and chips. Flexible formula sets to a hard, gleaming finish in 30 seconds. Also contains a UV filter to help maintain polish color¿s vividness.
Sets to a hard, lustrous finish in 60 seconds •Plasticizers and an acrylic polymer help safeguard polish from nicks and chips, while promoting flexibility •UV filter helps maintain color fidelity •DBP, Toluene and Formaldehyde Free
Portable brush fits neatly into any makeup case and can be used with your favorite powders, blushes and mineral makeup.
Revlon® Colorsilk™ gives you natural-looking, even color from root to tip that stays beautiful between colorings. It is formulated to penetrate every strand with its gentle, ammonia-free formula and after-color conditioner with nourishing silk proteins. Hair looks silkier, shinier and healthier than before you colored. 100% gray coverage.
Revlon® Colorsilk Luminista™ saturates dark hair with vibrant, shimmering color while subduing unwanted brassiness. This gentle, ammonia-free formula contains shine-enhancing mango butter and leaves hair in better condition than before you colored. And with its extra-creamy, moisturizing after-color conditioner, hair looks healthy and bouncy – not flat, frizzy or dull. 100% gray coverage. 
NEW! Root Erase by ColorSilk™ erases away unsightly roots and grays with ease to keep your haircolor looking its best for longer. Only Revlon has the unique Precise Control™ sponge applicator that works like an eraser to easily glide on hair drip-free, and with superior control so that color can be applied precisely to the root areas. No messy bowls or clumsy brushes. Permanent color blends seamlessly so you can keep your haircolor always looking fresh and beautiful. Ammonia-Free. 100% gray coverage. Available in a range of 12 shades. Matches any brand, even salon color. 
For trimming facial hair or nails, these multi-purpose scissors provide a clean cut every time. Sharp blades with rounded tips for expert trimming and safety of use. Use on nose, ear and mustache hair as well as fingernails. Gentle enough for baby’s nails as well.
Revlon Scented Nail Enamel gives up to 10 days of lasting color & shine*. Revlon¿s exclusive silk-protein shield works to instantly help even out the surface of the nail while rising above color to automatically smooth away bubbles, streaks and brush marks. UV absorbers protect color ensuring it won¿t fade during wear. * when worn with Revlon Base and Top Coat.
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Extra-fine tips remove splinters and ingrown hairs with ease. Ideal for ultra-precise tweezing on stubborn, hard-to-reach hairs. 
Revlon's Spotlight Eyelash Curler with LED Technology is foolproof, for the perfect, pinch-free curl. Lighted head design allows a clear view to prevent pinching, while a double ridge bar helps to create a smooth curl.
Bright light provides a clear view for exceptional accuracy while tweezing. Easily remove even the finest, smallest hairs for beautiful results every time. The targeted LED light illuminates hairs you didn't even know you had and allows you to tweeze under any lighting conditions. Easy to control and comfortable to use. Stainless Steel. Revlon Guaranteed for Life.
Helps keep your complexion clear and blemish-free. Small loop removes blackheads; larger loop removes whiteheads. Safe and gentle on the skin. 
Revlon Sugar Sensation Foot File improves the look and feel of dry, cracked feet. Sugar-like texture gently softens, exfoliates and smoothes for beautiful feet year round. Contoured handle and dual sided file offers ease of use. Washable.
Silky...Sexy...Brilliant. Glossy formula combines sheer color and intense moisture with light-reflecting spheres to create amazing shine.
Revlon's Super Lustrous Lipstick is infused with silk and vitamins for smooth, conditioning color. In a dazzling array of fabulous, fashionable shades. Benefits: Expertly selected, on-trend shades that provide lightweight color and moisturizing shine Formulated for superior comfort Light reflecting LiquiShine complex, containing Abyssinian Oil, delivers shiny, radiant color Moisturizing formula with Vitamin E and Avocado Oil conditions lips without dragginess Buildable color payoff  Gliding, smooth application
With various styles available, each with a different length and volume, you can easily customize your lashes -Synthetic, Handmade
Revlon's Toenail Clippers are made of superior-quality materials. The clipper body has a swing-out nail file/under-nail scraper, is made of stainless steel, and is guaranteed to keep its cutting edge for a lifetime. Every clipper is inspected for exceptional quality and performance.
A gentle shake of the bottle and two coats and your nails are good to go. From the beach to the boardroom, this formaldehyde and toluene-free nail enamel by Revlon is available in a variety of shades to suit your style.
Premium, sleek design is convenient and glamorous. Double-sided with one 2X magnifying side for detailed grooming.
Treat & Boost by Revlon helps prevent nails from splitting, cracking, or breaking so they grow longer. Nails feel harder and more resilient Contains vitamins and antioxidants
Tweezer's hand-filed, ultra sharp point combines with a slant edge to precisely remove stray hairs. Revlon True Precision Tweezers are designed to grab every hair the first time. Stainless steel design comes with a lifetime guarantee. Also features a cover to ensure tool's quality.
Precision-aligned slant tips for all your tweezing needs Easy shaping & tweezing
Advanced design for ultimate precision and control. Hand-finished, ultra-fine tips single out even the tiniest, finest hairs. Long-lasting, stainless steel construction. Superior non-slip grip.
Advanced design for ultimate precision and control. Perfectly aligned, ultra-fine slant tips provide a wide range of tweezing needs. Long-lasting, stainless steel construction. Superior non-slip grip. 
Get to the point with Revlon's Universal Points Sharpener. Quickly sharpens almost all cosmetic pencils to a precision point. Adaptable for larger sized pencils. Easy to empty and clean.
Ergonomic handle with non slip grip provides for ease of use. Blade edges are designed to ensure a clean, even cut. Designed to catch clippings for neat disposal. Blade designed to fit any nail shape and size. Includes file for nail shaping.
Ergonomic handle with non slip grip provides for ease of use. Blade edges are designed to ensure a clean, even cut. Designed to catch clippings for neat disposal. Blade designed to fit any nail shape and size. Includes file for nail shaping.
Revlon Blush Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $12.99. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Photoready Blush is a Blush. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon PhotoReady Primer, Shadow, Sparkle Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $9.99. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon PhotoReady Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 40 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Primer is a Primer. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon ColorStay 16-Hour Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $7.99. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon ColorStay 16 Hour Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 56 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon CustomEyes Shadow & Liner Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $8.99. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon CustomEyes Shadow & Liner is a Eyeshadow. There are 36 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Illuminance Crème Shadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $5.99. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Illuminance Crème Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 48 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A dynamic eyeliner pencil in a rainbow of shades.Glide on color that stays put for the duration of your nonstop, on-the-go day! These cushiony, creamy eye pencils deliver powerful, vibrant color that slides on smooth and stays soft and creamy for blending (about 30 seconds), then dries to a long-lasting finish that won't budge. Line eyes with a hint of color or go for the full artistic, multi-hued effect. Truly inspired, these pencils go all day and all night. 
A creamy, 24-hour wear lip pencil that lines and primes lips. Get primed and ready with Urban Decay’s 24/7 Glide-On Lip Pencil. This long-lasting, waterproof liner glides on smoothly to prime and define lips for long-lasting lip color and clean lines. It features a wide array of shades that coordinate with Vice Lipstick. Use 24/7 Lip Pencil to fill in your lips completely, prime them for lipstick or gloss, and lock onto color. It even prevents color from feathering out of bounds. The waterproof formula glides on smoothly, stays creamy, and defines your lips with gorgeous color, while never feeling dry or cakey. Formulated with moisturizing vitamin E, jojoba oil, and cottonseed oil, it nourishes lips every time you apply. 
Draw liquid lines so sharp they could cut glass. Our slender brush lays down long-lasting matte, slick and shimmery shades sure to satisfy your color lust. Achieve clean, sharp WATERPROOF lines with shocking ease. The newest addition to our 24/7 franchise is available in a veritable rainbow of long-lasting, highly-pigmented, WATERPROOF color options – shades ranging from matte to glossy to shimmery! (And why would you only buy one? Try them all!) Use the ultra-fine brush tip to create lines that are razor-thin or thick, even and bold. The brush is also short and easy to control, making it ideal for liquid liner newbies. The slim pens are convenient – go ahead and pack 'em all into your makeup bag – and are color-matched to each shade.

Look, you're blushing! Sheer, buildable cheek tints feel weightless and glide effortlessly over foundation or bare skin. Build your tint to suit your desired blush factor. Finally! Sheer, buildable cheek tints that glide on and feel weightless – (never heavy or greasy like your grandma's cream blush). Our techy-feeling tint applies effortlessly on top of any foundation or bare skin… no pulling or rubbing needed to make it look right. And you'll never get that powdery, cakey look that sometimes comes from powder blush. Our modern, yummy shades include a shameless hot pink, a super-healthy berry and natural peachy tints, to name a few. The formula is loaded with good-for-you ingredients like Vitamin E, Vitamin C and Vitamin A, so your skin gets nourished and protected. The color goes on more sheer than it looks in the pan, but since its so buildable, YOU control how much you want to blush. We also love to blend two shades together to mimic a natural flushed effect. Whether you've been a fan of cream blush in the past or not, the shades, the silky formula and the little foil snake on the top of our compact will definitely make you a believer.
Is makeup meltdown ruining your midnight mojo? Mist on this weightless spray to give your makeup serious staying power. All Nighter keeps your makeup looking gorgeously just-applied for up to 16 hours – without melting, cracking, fading or settling into fine lines. Developed in an exclusive partnership with SKINDINÄVIA, our groundbreaking, clinically tested formula is suitable for all skin types and features patented Temperature Control Technology. Yep, this baby actually lowers the temperature of your makeup to keep foundation, eyeshadow, blush and concealer in place – even in hot and humid or cold and windy conditions. The result? Smoother-looking skin and vibrant makeup that lasts all day (or all night). In a 7-day clinical study: • 78% of participants said All Nighter helped their makeup last for 16 hours. • Over 80% said their makeup not only looked better, it stayed on better (even in the T-zone) without settling into fine lines. • Whether they had combination, oily or dry skin, 88% or more said All Nighter was the best product to help their makeup last. All Nighter's sleek, modern packaging hints at the high-tech formula inside. The white box features a gorgeous, sophisticated watercolor design in deep purple with coordinating type, and the soft-touch bottle has a color-coordinated cap. Unlike similar products on the market, the sprayer delivers a microfine mist that goes on so light, you'll hardly feel it – and once you've applied it, you won't even know it’s there. If you've tried other setting sprays that feel sticky or tight on your skin, you'll be AMAZED by how different this is. Beware of imitations!
Your makeup will last 16 hours! Now in a convenient travel size, this ultra-fine mist holds makeup for brides, dancers… and the rest of us. In an exclusive partnership with SKINDINÄVIA, we developed this groundbreaking, hypoallergenic setting spray that keeps your makeup on for 16 unbelievable hours. Legendary enough that it's already inspired imitations, All Nighter boasts a patent pending Temperature Control Technology that makes this weightless mist so powerful and sets it far above the competition. Your makeup won't melt when it's warm and humid or become dehydrated when it's cold and windy. Yes, it actually lowers the temperature of your makeup to hold foundation, eyeshadow, blush and concealer in place. And just like in the full-size bottle, the sprayer, unlike others on the market, delivers a micro-fine mist that distributes product evenly over the skin. Grab a cutie TSA-friendly size for your travel bag, your boyfriend’s house and as a gift for your favorite bride! To use: Simply apply your makeup as usual, then mist All Nighter on in an 'X' and 'T' formation (making sure to shake the bottle before each use). The mist really is so fine, you'll hardly feel it.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Just CHILL. Mist on this weightless spray for makeup that lasts all day without smudging or settling into fine lines. Stop makeup meltdown. Chill features cooling time-release Temperature Control Technology that actually chills the surface of your makeup – to keep it looking gorgeously just-applied for up to 12 hours. Perfect for drier or combination skin, Chill mists on to keep makeup from smudging or settling into fine lines. Developed in an exclusive partnership with SKINDINÄVIA, this groundbreaking, clinically tested formula holds foundation, eyeshadow, blush and concealer in place. The result? Vibrant makeup that LASTS and a glowing, dewy, youthful complexion. In a 7-day clinical study of Chill: • Over 83% of participants said Chill helped their makeup last for 12 hours without smudging or settling into fine lines. • 88% said their concealer, foundation, shadow and blush lasted longer too! • 94% said Chill kept their makeup looking just-applied. This breakthrough formula comes in a soft-touch bottle and features a gorgeously illustrated decoration. Unlike similar products on the market, the sprayer delivers a microfine mist that goes on so light, you'll hardly feel it – and once you've applied it, you won't even know it's there. If you've tried other setting sprays that feel sticky or tight on your skin, you'll be AMAZED by how different this is. Beware of imitations!
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Dull skin? Fine lines? Disappearing foundation? Try our Brightening & Tightening Complexion Primer Potion for beautifully moisturized skin that looks brighter and feels tighter. Put your best face forward! Apply our Brightening & Tightening Complexion Primer Potion before makeup for smooth, effortless application and long-lasting coverage, or wear it alone for a beautifully bare glow. This lightweight, oil-free includes Matrixyl 3000, celebrated for its ability to reduce the appearance of wrinkles. Hyaluronic Filling Spheres also minimize the look of fine lines while leaving skin beautifully moisturized. Your skin will look youthful, lifted and firm. This stuff is Ideal for complexions that need moisture, and great for mature skin. But our Brightening & Tightening formula gives every skin type a healthy glow. Our ultra-sleek and convenient tube features a precise needle-nose tip so you can squeeze out the exact amount of primer you need.
Baked has a factory full of motherly Italian women to thank for its streak-free finish. But we're not responsible for any Italian-style stares you attract. We're all for the joys of baking – just never in the sun – which is why we created Baked Bronzer. Explore the tantalizing range of shades and finishes if your objective is alluring sun-kissed skin that looks totally natural! This super fine powder is baked on a terra cotta disc for 24 hours and then hand-finished by a factory full of motherly Italian women.
Urban Decay Big Fatty Masccara is a Mascara that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.51 oz.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Urban Decay Build Your Own Palette is a Eyeshadow Palette that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This mermaid-worthy formula endures (we’ve actually tested it at sea), and the light gel formula never looks cakey. Now go slay a sailor with those eyes. If waterproof mascaras that leave your lashes feeling heavy and cakey make you want to weep bitter tears, you can throw them in the trash. We have a solution: Cannonball Ultra Waterproof Mascara! Rigorously field-tested in the ocean as well as sweat-drenched gym conditions, this exclusive Japanese formula refuses to budge. A special microcrystalline wax works with the dense, fuzzy brush to increase seductive length and volume, all while never flaking off and compromising your lashes' natural feathery texture. Mermaids can now sing their siren songs with abandon, and high maintenance types can cry all they want.
Minimize the look of pores and fine lines! Smooth on a little Primer before foundation (or on bare skin) for a soft-matte finish without a greasy feel. Smooth on a little Pore Perfecting Complexion Primer Potion before foundation (or alone!) to totally minimize the look of pores and fine lines. The velvety, paraben-free formula flashes down to a soft-matte finish, without the greasy, heavy feel sometimes associated with foundation primers. The result? Flawless skin with an airbrushed look and feel. Foundation applies smoothly, evenly, and won't fade away. Ideal for oilier skin, but dry complexions who want pore perfection will love it, too.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Vibrant, silky, and luscious to-the-touch, Deluxe Shadows feature couture quality, a larger fill, and the richest, most brilliant color imaginable. Our divine collection of high-tech creamy powder eye color will turn your eyes into opulent works of art. Why 'Deluxe'? Definitely incomparable, the creamy formula feels like cashmere, blends beautifully, and delivers an even more intense burst of color than regular Urban Decay Eyeshadows. And, Deluxe hues have an even greater fill weight than our regular Eyeshadows - a generous serving.
Banish greasy spots and take control of oil! Our lightweight gel keeps you matte all day long. Dab it on for touch-ups without messing your makeup. It's time to take control of your oil and put your matte face forward. Our lightweight gel performs anywhere, anytime: dab it on all day for touch-ups without ruining your perfectly applied makeup. It's completely color-neutral, so it works great on naked skin, under foundation, or over makeup. Formulated to help tighten pores for a youthful, shine-free finish. De-Slick even works to keep skin matte under hot studio lights and in the muggiest of heat (so you know this addicting formula provides fierce absorbing action).
This lightweight powder blots oil and stops shine. Try it on naked skin or over makeup, and on EVERY skin tone from chocolate to vanilla. One of our Co-Founder's favorite products! This shine-stopping pressed powder blots oil and keeps shine at bay. Try it on naked skin (if you run into the hot guy at the gym), or over foundation (for touch-ups on the dance floor without destroying your makeup). Because the formula contains super lightweight, oil-absorbing rice powder, you won't feel the powder, but you'll see the shine-free results. The lavender shade applies invisibly and works on every skin tone, from dark chocolate to palest porcelain.
Oily skin has met its match! Mist on this weightless spray to control oil, deflect surface shine and help makeup stay put. Meet your most powerful oil-control ally. De-Slick mists on weightlessly to control oil, deflect surface shine and keep skin looking beautifully matte. High-tech ingredients help keep foundation, shadow and blush from smudging, sliding or fading – so you hardly ever need to touch up. Developed in an exclusive partnership with SKINDINÄVIA, this groundbreaking, clinically tested formula features patented Temperature Control Technology. Yep, this baby actually lowers the temperature of your makeup to help it stay put and keep skin looking smooth (but never shiny). In a 7-day clinical study: • 100% of participants said De-Slick helped prevent makeup meltdown. • Over 90% said their makeup looked less shiny, didn’t slide and rarely needed to be touched up. • 85% said De-Slick is the longest-lasting oil-control product they've ever used. This breakthrough formula comes in a soft-touch bottle and features a gorgeously illustrated decoration. Unlike similar products on the market, the sprayer delivers a microfine mist that goes on so light, you’ll hardly feel it – and once you've applied it, you won't even know it's there. If you've tried other setting sprays that feel sticky or tight on your skin, you'll be AMAZED by how different this is. Beware of imitations!
This magical Eyelash Primer builds lashes by coating each one with tiny fibers. Use before your favorite mascara for thicker, longer lashes. Wave this magic wand before your favorite mascara for lashes that appear thicker, longer and stronger... right before your very eyes. Tiny fibers band together, cling to every lash, and construct towers of Babel... reaching for heavenly lashes. Just apply Eyelash Primer Potion, then apply your favorite mascara as usual. Your lashes will look fake, but the magic is real.
Talc, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Polyurethane-11, Tin Oxide, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. May contain: Ci 77019 (Mica), Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491/77492/77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77742 (Manganese Violet), Ci 75470 (Carmine).
The number-one primer* for indestructible, all-day eyeshadow, our legendary Eyeshadow Primer Potion delivers everything you could possibly want in an eye primer: No creasing. More vibrant color. Smoother application. Eyeshadow Primer Potion features space-age polymer technology that fills in any imperfections on the skin’s surface, prepping your lids for ALL-day shadow. Of course, every shade is paraben-free.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
This über-soft blending brush has the power to harmoniously blend shades. Create soft edges without wiping away color. Like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! A large shadow brush with a fluffy shape, this blending brush sweeps shadow across lids and blends out color. Built to leave the shadow on your eye (rather than a tight shadow brush that was made to pick up and lay down color), the loose bristles of the blending brush keep your color where it belongs, while creating the blended look you desire.
Our fluffy, angled Blush Brush allows for natural or precise shading. Use it for blush, bronzer or highlighters. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! Are you still using a Powder Brush to lay down your blush? Silly girl. Get with the times. Modern blush brushes are soft and angled, with an oval work surface. The unique shape is just right for contouring below your cheekbones, adding highlighter above your cheekbones, or dotting the apples of your cheeks with a little rosy color. The brush does the work for you!
A must for shading your crease and creating contours. Not too stiff or soft, long or short... we've perfected this brush. Like all our brushes, it's vegan! The Crease Brush has a round and tapered shape, perfect for getting right in the crease while softly feathering color out. The tapered bristles put you in complete control with every application. If you're a seasoned expert, you'll love this brush: not too stiff or soft, long or short, big or small. If you're a newbie who could never contour to save your life, don't worry: It's not you. All you needed was the right brush. Sexy, defined eyes are just a couple sweeps away.
If you're using super-fine, high-performance finishing powders, you'll need the right brush to go with them. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! HD? DVD? Big screen? High-performance powders are all the rage. But to get the most from those ultra-fine powders, you need the right brush! (If you use a dense Powder Brush, you might just be brushing that finishing powder right off your pretty face!) Our wispy Finishing Brush was designed to smooth out those tiny particles to create the most flawless finish possible.
Flat, angled, and not too stiff, this Liner Brush can create razor-sharp thick and thin lines. Try it wet or dry. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! Create thin, thick or graduated lines with eyeshadow or cream liner. Our Liner Brush is flat, angled, and not too stiff – perfect for creating everything from a flawless rockabilly wing, to a simple swipe of color, to a smoky, smudgy eye. Try it wet, too – any shadow becomes a liquid liner with a few drops of water. The Liner Brush is also our recommended tool for brows.
Our high performance Lip Brush is your mess-free, go-anywhere gadget for a smooth lip line. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! Our Retractable Lip Brush is a stealthy little tool you can take anywhere. The thin, firm shape creates a smooth lip line with lipstick or gloss, and is great for blending lip color with lip pencil.
If you have a limited brush collection (or love a do-everything brush!), make our Multi-Tasker your #1 choice. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! Small and flat with a rounded tip (and even more precise than a Lip Brush), the Multi-Tasker works overtime. Apply eyeshadow with precision, lay down concealer, smooth on lip color, or line your eyes. If you are slowly building a high-performance brush collection and can only afford a few key brushes, make the Multi-Tasker one of them!
Loose and pressed powders are BFFs with our Powder Brush. Lay down smooth and even complexion color. Like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! This big, fluffy brush sweeps on an even layer of loose or pressed powder. Its domed shape and loose bristles naturally feather out edges to avoid icky lines of demarcation at your jawline. And even though it's a big brush, it's still relatively precise: you can easily build coverage in specific areas without overdoing the rest of your face!
A true pro tool, this modern brush makes you a contouring master. The circular, angled shape does the work for you! And, it's totally vegan. This is it, ladies. Impress your friends with our Shading Brush. The ultra-modern shape is circular and angled, perfect for creating contours and blending anywhere on the eye. Do you like to create layered looks? Mix textures? Show off your eyeshadow skills? This brush does the work for you.
Meet your new best friend. Just stiff enough for controlled application, this brush is precise AND forgiving. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! It's your ultimate eyeshadow tool. Get an all-over sweep of color with the flat side of the brush, or use the fine, rounded tip for more precise shading. Thanks to the tight bristles, this multi-purpose brush picks up a little or a lot of shadow, so you can shade, blend and define. Whether you're a seasoned pro or a novice with her first set of brushes, this is one you'll want in your collection.
Our tight little Smudger Brush was tailor made to blend color for smoky or layered eye looks. And like all our brushes, it's totally vegan! Cropped and dense, our Smudger Brush was designed to blend out lines for smoky and layered looks. You'll wonder how you did without it all these years! Turn any eyeliner into a sexy smudge of color. Blend out your shadow a little or a lot. Build layers of shades and textures, then marry them with this amazing brush.
The ultimate accoutrement to your UD pencil collection, this premium-quality dual sharpener will keep all your pencils sharp. Designed for use with our ENTIRE pencil lineup, Grindhouse includes two sharpeners. Use the slimline sharpener with our 24/7 Glide-On Eye and Lip Pencils and the larger sharpener with our thick-barreled 24/7 Concealer Pencils, 24/7 Shadow Pencils and Super-Saturated pencils. Each blade is made of durable steel infused with 1% carbon to prevent rust. This sharpener also works with most other brands' big and small pencils (if you must) and includes a plastic pick for scraping and dislodging shavings to keep the blades free of gunk.
Ethereal moisture in a fine mist application. Hypoallergenic and light as air, our hydrating formula moisturizes for up to 24 hours. (Oily skin types, too!) Face the day with an innovative, ultra-fine, mist-on application of ethereal moisture. Guardian Angel answers your prayers for purity as it carefully moisturizes even oily, combination or break-out prone skin. Time-release technology hydrates your skin up to 24 hours as the hygroscopic formula miraculously attracts moisture to your skin, yet always feels weightless. Guardian Angel gives your face a smooth, moisturized surface, which helps extend makeup wear. Boasting an infusion of SPF 8 and completely vegan ingredients, we'd say this is the most perfect Angel ever!
Like a gateway drug to hardcore sparkle, Heavy Metal Glitter Eyeliner provides a heavy dose of glam-rock—minus the frequent stints in rehab. All the glitz of glam rock—without the spandex or bad hair. Our water-based, buildable liner contains super-fine glitter in a clear base that dries quickly and REALLY stays put (for long wear without any fallout). Because the glitter is suspended in a gel, it won’t separate in the bottle (so you don’t need to shake it like you do with watery formulas). Peach and cucumber extract condition the skin, while carrot extract smooths and softens. Wear Heavy Metal alone, apply it over our legendary Eyeshadow or layer two shades together for a more intense glam-rock effect. The precise, thin-tipped brush makes it easy to create fine, glittery lines. Want more sparkle? Use the side of the brush to sweep sparkle all over your lids.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Hate to reapply? Get lips worth lusting after with this water-rich, gel-based stain that dries to a semi-matte finish. Subtle, but never unnoticed, this water-rich stain provides a long-lasting, semi-permanent wash worth lusting after. Take a dip & anoint your lips with a sheer veil of vanilla-scented color, or layer for a deep, inky stain. Made with powerful antioxidants, including Vitamin E, Green Tea, Chamomile & Ginkgo Biloba extracts, Lip Envy applies cool, then dries down to a semi-matte finish – perfect when you're not in the mood for a thick gloss. Housed in a sexy inkwell, Lip Envy features a flocked applicator for precise application.
A decadent lip gloss (with a delicious vanilla-mint flavor!) that allows you to get hooked on the shine, without the sticky hangover.You want a super-shiny gloss, but can't stand the sticky texture? Get your shine fix with Lip Junkie. The soft, cushiony texture goes on smoothly and stays put longer than other glosses. You also get a great color payout (sometimes hard to find in a gloss) and a range of amazing shades, including sheer, pretty neutrals, knockout brights, and a glimmering nearly black. The range of textures and shades will hook even the most jaded junkie. The key ingredient, Maxi-Lip™, plumps the appearance of lips an average of 40% when used daily for a month. (Lip Junkie uses non-irritant plumpers, unlike other glosses that use stinging ingredients to inflame your lips.) The Maxi-Lip actually helps your lips become better defined, super-hydrated, and full. And the flavor? Think yummy wedding mints: a sweet vanilla mint with a little zing that makes breath feel fresh. What else you need to know:Debatably the most exciting part is the soft, angled tip that lays down a smooth, precise application and a molded (not crimped) tube. No more worrying about lip gloss explosions in your bag. The applicator tip is also molded to ensure a mess-free application. And the gorgeous cap looks like a stained glass window: metallic gunmetal over rich purple.
Show your lips some love with this nourishing tint. Vitamin C boosts collagen, natural oils replenish and the honey flavor is perfect for sharing with a special friend. If you're looking for a product that will make your lips kissably soft while also feeling and tasting great, trust us when we say that this stuff is a whole lot of 'ahhhhhhhhh yeah' in a tube. The smooooooooth feel and enticing honey flavor will inspire addiction in both you and your makeout partner, but that's okay – it's good for you, so feel free to apply it liberally and often. Its healing powers come courtesy of a few ingredients that are rejuvenating heavy hitters. Antioxidant Vitamin C boosts collagen and evens out skin tone. Millet, Jojoba and Apricot Kernel Seed Oils work together as a powerful lip-healing trifecta to moisturize, replenish and promote cell turnover. Our squeeze tube features a soft, wide-angled tip that applies color smoothly!
This invisible primer lays a silky foundation for your favorite lipstick or gloss. Color is truer, applies smoother, lasts longer, and will not feather! Prepare your lips for the day ahead. Our invisible primer lays a silky foundation for your favorite lipstick or gloss. Color is truer, applies smoother, lasts longer, and will not fade or feather. The easy-glide formula feels velvety-soft, without the drying feeling often associated with long-lasting lip color. The formula includes SPF 15 (yay!) and moisturizing Vitamins A, C and E for a primer that protects and perfects. And, our pretty roll-up tube and slanted bullet make for precise, easy application.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Indulge your lashes with the hardest working mascara on the planet. Our unique formula delivers instant length and volume and allows them to grow LONGER! Nourish, thicken and lengthen your lashes – from the inside out. Infused with Peptides that allow your lashes to grow for a longer period of time (as well as moisturizing Panthenol), this formula builds AND beautifies them simultaneously. The large, unique hourglass-shaped brush provided generous distribution. Use it in conjunction with our serum for even more lash nourishment! This very enduring formula is not technically waterproof, but there was zero smudging or running after road-testing it in a hot yoga class. The outer component features a lush swirl motif. This mascara is perfect for anyone who suffers from brittle, fragile lashes, as well as those with great lashes who want to build and strengthen them even more!
A lash system for 25% longer, thicker lashes in just 2 weeks! (And the results get ridiculously more impressive, showing 40% improvement in 4 weeks, and 63% in 6 weeks.) Prove it to yourself. When we overheard a cry in our office of 'this s*** really works!', we knew we had to share the secret. Who wouldn’t want to boost their lash cache? This double-ended miracle worker holds TWO products that really perform. These are clinical results you can take to the beauty bank. – 25% longer and thicker in 2 weeks – 40% in 4 weeks – 63% in 6 weeks How does this stuff work? The clear gel-like serum accelerates the growth of your lashes with peptides. Use the tiny brush to apply it at your lash line. It penetrates at the root and stimulates keratin to lengthen, thicken and fortify your lashes. Simply brush it on each night before bed. The conditioning mask applies with a wand and loads your lashes with growth peptides and high potency ingredients like Panthenol and Vitamin E. Your conditioned lashes can now resist loss and breakage from being too dry and brittle. All this all adds up to incredible lash magnification! Now if only your Blackberry worked this well...
You love our longest-lasting products, but how do you take them off?! This nourishing formula will ensure that makeup removal doesn’t throw you into fits. Sometimes you need a makeup remover that's as mighty as the most powerful products in your beauty arsenal, which is why we've created Meltdown! This stuff can take down our longest-lasting products, and it's also good for your skin, too. Sea Fan Extract combats inflammation, while Beta Carotene (a source of Vitamin A) and Gatuline In-Tense (harvested from the South African Rain Forest Peekabo Plant) revitalize collagen production. Cranberry and Raspberry Seed Oils, along with Kukui Nut and Oat Oil, moisturize and replenish. The 2.5 oz. squeeze tube is easy to use, as well as small enough to take on an airplane (after a long grueling flight, you'll be so glad you brought it with you).
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Designed for stars of film and flat screens, our high-tech translucent powder keeps you camera ready! Skin appears flawless with a stunning, soft-focus effect, even under bright and unforgiving light. Be Facebook-ready and camera-perfect everyday, thanks to our high tech finishing powder. Urban Decay Razor Sharp's silky, micro fine powder fools the eyes with 'optical blurring', and miraculously seems to airbrush away skin's imperfections. It's a smooth, flawless, soft-focus finish that's flattering under even the harshest of lights. Use Urban Decay Razor Sharp as a finishing touch after foundation, or wear it alone to create a perfect 'bare skin' look. However you apply it, you'll be addicted to the tiny water particles that float on skin's surface and 'burst' when applied. So refreshing! Our no-mess component with attached puff and handy on/off switch is freeway and subway friendly – take it anywhere beauty calls. The universal shade suits all skin tones, so you're covered for summer AND right into winter when your tan has faded away.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
An explosion of prismatic sparkle against a wash of color... Miniscule bits of sophisticated glitter give you sexy, twinkling lids. No fallout, no teen glitter. It's something unexpected in eyeshadow: an explosion of stars. Stardust shadows' silky texture delivers an incredible amount of sophisticated, twinkling sparkle. Boasting 40% more glitter than our most sparkly shadows, Stardust delivers a sheer wash of color, topped with teeny bits of iridescent sparkle that glisten like wet snow. The glitter (a pricey ingredient called reflex), actually stays on your lids. No fallout, no chunky glitter... just stunning, sparkling eyes.
Inspired by twinkling stars, our radiant formula wraps lips in sophisticated (never scratchy) sparkle. Lip conditioners and a minty taste up the ante. Our Stardust Shadow has attracted a pretty obsessive fan base, so we decided to launch this arresting gloss for all you sparkle fanatics. Teeny glints of sparkle reflect light, and the result is a deep, dynamic car paint effect: a sophisticated, lustrous shine that makes lips look fuller. The multifaceted shades work every day, but can amp up your nighttime looks as well. It's twinkling sparkle without the look (or scratchiness) of teenage glitter. This formula is thicker than your average gloss, but doesn't feel that way. Cushiony, but not sticky, Stardust has staying power and nourishes, too: Jojoba Oil conditions lips, Vitamin E improves moisture retention, and a vanilla-mint flavor keeps things interesting for your makeout partner. The clear, rectangular tube shows off color and sparkle – it's like a slice of outer space in a tube – and you won't be able to keep your hands off the soft-touch black cap. Pull this out of your bag, and you'll captivate the room.
A full collection of gorgeous, wearable lashes... everything from lush, dramatic, colored lashes to quickie styles you can apply in under a minute! Urban Decay lashes aren't just for proms, raves and runways. They're for real life. With 18 styles designed exclusively for Urban Decay, we have a lash to suit any mood or occasion. We even made lashes in 1/4, 3/4 and full lash widths for a variety of effects and ease of application. Go coquettishly beautiful, uber sexy, or downright fierce. Every pair of lashes is handmade with cruelty-free synthetic fibers. (Who wants to wear someone else's hair on your eyes anyway?)
Formulated especially for falsies, our mascara makes your fake lashes look more real. Which are your real lashes? No one will know. Our unique false lash mascara helps to fuse the imposters with your own. Your fake lashes will look more real. Your real lashes blend in with your falsies. This one-of-a-kind mascara provides a uniform coating of slick, shiny black gloss. Formulated especially for false lash use, the mascara coats, but does not thicken. We like to start with bare lashes, apply our falsies and then use the small mascara brush to coat both sets at once. The results? One easy application with this formula and you get super sexy eyes! Which are yours? No one will know. Blur the line between reality and fantasy. Our mascara can also be used with lash extensions. Packaged in a lovely slim tube with scrolling art, this mascara will be your new secret weapon.
Pull it together – groomed brows AMPLIFY your eyes. Our clear setting gel provides natural, lasting hold and the styling brush sculpts with precision. Groomed brows should NEVER feel (or look) stiff or sticky, so our clear brow gel provides lasting hold for a more polished look that's always natural. The mini brush is more effective for grooming the brows than a traditional spiral brush – Wende was inspired by the ol' 'spraying hairspray on a toothbrush' trick! If you already wear brow gel, you'll be AMAZED at the effectiveness of the brush. Never tried it before? Just brush our formula on, and see for yourself how much better your brows will suddenly look. The soft-touch tube is sleek and tactile.
Emphasize your assets. Urbanglow guides their eyes to the right places, crafts contours where there were none, and creates a dewy, youthful glow. Sure, we think you're beautiful, but that doesn't mean you can't emphasize your assets. Our silky cream highlighter gives you the power to guide their eyes to all the right places. Packed with pearl powders, the weightless formula adds luminescence wherever you need it: craft contours where there were none. Create sculpted cheek and brow bones. Look like you got a full night's sleep with a touch of Urbanglow in the inner corners of your eyes. Hide that hangover with a dewy, youthful glow.
Urban Decay 24/7 Glide-On Shadow Pencil Stash is a Eye Palette that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.44 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Eyeshadow Kit is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Nail Kit is a Kits & Sets that retails for $28.00 and contains 1.02 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Book of Shadows Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $64.00 and contains 0.79 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Brow Box is a Eye Palette that retails for $29.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Deluxe Shadow Box retails for $38.00 and contains 0.46 oz.
Let your color bloom: bronze, highlight, flush or blush with our flower-based face powder bouquets. Blend and build, with a trio of long-wearing colors inspired by—and infused with—aromatic florals.
Benefit Longwear Powder Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.11 oz.
Glow high. Illuminating highlighter gives skin a satiny, subtle glow in an all-new, soft-to-the-touch formula. Creamy powder melts flawlessly into skin for perfectly refined radiance or buildable luster. Smooth and lightweight. Wear alone or pair with other cheek products to create beautiful dimension.
MAC Bare My Soul retails for $44.00 and contains 0.19 oz.
Two coordinating eyeshadows baked together in a single pan create the Mineralize Eyeshadow Duo by M·A·C. The remarkably blendable colors offer you sheer, lightweight application with a pearlized, dimensional finish.
Highly pigmented, velvety smooth luxury pressed eyeshadows for all-night pary wear.
An intensely creamy highlighter offering extreme pearlescence and versatility of finish. Apply dry for a high shine, or on damp skin for a dramatic wet look. Provides eye-catching sheer-to-moderate buildable coverage and natural dimension finish. Pressed Pigment is delicate. Please handle with care.
A lightweight lipstick that instantly nourishes lips with maximum moisture.
Big and blendable, this 2-in-1 waterproof 24/7 shadow pencil keeps going as long as you do. Our next generation of famous 24/7 pencils can be used as eyeshadow, eyeliner, or both! They're crease-proof, they're waterproof… it's the next generation of 24/7 Pencils! Our Shadow Pencils deliver incredible color payout, but feel lightweight. The new fat shape allows you to cover large areas more quickly. Use the thin tip as eyeliner, or the side of the tip as a generous swipe of eyeshadow. Luscious drop-dead shades make you feel every inch the creative type, as you blend shimmer, cream and sparkle finishes. Skip the powder shadow brushes and water – our pencils make it easier than ever to get vibrant eyeshadow looks on the go. Experiment with multiple shades layered together, then blend away for an unbelievable effect that sets and stays put. All shades are paraffin, mineral oil, and paraben-free.
Bobbi Brown Bronze is a warm brown with a metallic finish that is limited edition and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.02 oz.
If Bobbi could only have one product, this revolutionary treatment would be it. The super-rich reverse emulsion still feels lush, but now it helps strengthen skin with anti-aging Extra Repair Complex. Argireline ® Peptide helps boost natural collagen production and Clary Sage Ferment, a botanical ingredient that helps improve skin's ability to hold in moisture. An immediate boost of natural hydration comes from proven lipids, including Linoleic Acid, Wheat Bran and Cholesterol. Ideal for nighttime use or during the day when skin is especially dry.
This densely packed brush is ideal for evenly dispersing Ambient Lighting Powder all over the face. It comes equipped with extra-soft, high-grade Taklon bristles and is packaged in a protective travel-pouch. 
This clean, satin-finish formula helps keep makeup looking fresh and prevents fading. Veil Mineral Primer also absorbs excess oils and minimizes the appearance of pores by evenly distributing light to help hide and soften skin imperfections and fine lines.
What it is: An illuminating powder that delivers pure radiance. What it does: Inspired by light and created by Guerlain, Météorites Pearls employ the technology of white light, which is used in photography and film to erase imperfections and soften features. A constellation of 6 multi-colored pearls blend together for a flawless, radiant complexion. These pearls-with-a-purpose have now been reinvented in 3 color harmonies that are adapted to each skintone.
Each shade of Météorites Pearls begins with the same legendary combination of 3 colors which adapt to every skin tone and collectively work to beautify skin: mauve catches the light, pink refreshes and yellow counters dullness and corrects redness. These delicate and perfectly round pearls continue to be shaped by hand, with craftsmanship mastered by only 4 people in the world. Softer than ever, the new pearls allow for an even easier application and a more visible effect with every brushstroke. These precious pearls are contained in a beautiful metal tin, now marked with a new emblem of a reinterpreted rosette created with a light gradation of pink.
A longwearing Lipglass that goes on smooth and lasts for up to six hours! Envelops lips with shine and colour and pro-longs the hours between re-application.
A moisturizer for combination skin that provides SPF protection while delivering balanced, long-lasting hydration. Protect skin day after day with this incredibly nourishing moisturizer that delivers powerful SPF protection to shield against the sun’s harmful rays. The extra-gentle formula leaves your skin unbelievably soft, smooth, and healthy-looking all day long. 
A gentle cleanser that forms a light, creamy lather. Deeply cleanse skin and lift away impurities with this luxurious cleanser. Powered by the 100% pure ActiveSoil Complex, this non-drying formula bursts into a rich lather when activated with water to deep-clean pores, instantly refresh skin, and give you a naturally luminous glow. Over time, it is clinically proven to reveal brighter, smoother, younger-looking skin; reduced appearance of fine lines and wrinkles; and remarkably smaller-looking pores. 
Dare to wear our longest-lasting shadow.
Our ink technology creates super-saturated color.
Cream gel smoothes on for vibrant color that does not fade.
Chanel Energizing Multi-Protection Cream SPF 15 is a Moisturizer.
Embossed with a precious CC-monogram design, this comfortable powder compact features a shimmering peach-pink shade to brighten cheeks and a luminous beige tone to subtly highlight or enhance.
This intensely shimmering long-wear eyeshadow offers true versatility. An innovative gel texture that is both soft and cushiony allows it to be worn as eyeshadow or eyeliner. Includes a specially designed shadow/liner brush, developed specifically for this unique formula.
MAC 163 Flat Top Contour Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
One essential compact offers unlimited eye looks, with shade combinations that range from matte to satin to shimmer. Versatile smudge-proof formula can be applied dry for subtle shading, or dampened for more intense colour, all with long-wearing results -- in even extreme climates. Dermatologist tested.
Chanel Dragon is a cool red with a pearl finish that is discontinued and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
A liquid-powder Eye Shadow with prismatic reflections in ten shimmering tints. Impact ranges from sheer crystallized light to a highly polished metallic effect. Lasts up to 6 hours.
When our Ocho Loco Eye Pencil Set launched last year, we knew it would be popular—but we had no idea just how popular. The frenzy was so out of control that we’re still getting a ton of requests for it (nearly a year later!). With that kind of demand, we’d be crazy not to do a follow-up. Urban Decay launches Ocho Loco 2. This LIMITED-edition set features a dark, edgy rainbow of eight FULL-SIZE 24/7 Glide-On Eye Pencils—including FIVE EXCLUSIVE new shades.
Combining the colour impact of a Lipstick with the shine sheen of a Lipglass, Sheen Supreme creates the perfect hybrid - with no compromise. Lightweight, non-sticky, slick to apply and comfortable to wear. This is a must-have for all those who have craved this kind of fusion.
MAC Annelie is a cool beige with a frost finish that is limited edition and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.15 oz.
MAC 234 Split Fibre Eye Blending Brush is a Brush that retails for $22.50.
Sugarpill Darling is a neutral teal with a frost finish that is permanent and retails for $13.00 and contains 0.19 oz.
bareMinerals READY Luminizer enhances your complexion with a radiant, lit-from-within glow. Powered by the proprietary SeaNutritive MineralTM Complex, this silky smooth formula delivers incredible skin-nourishing benefits. Formulated without parabens, binders, fillers or harsh chemicals.
Hourglass Luminous Light is a warm peach with a satin finish that is permanent and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Multiple personalities? Us too. Cater to all of them with these limited-edition palettes, each with six Eyeshadows and a travel-size Lip Junkie Lipgloss.
NARS Mexican Rose is a cool fuchsia with a natural finish that is permanent and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
Quickly minimize the appearance of pores & fine lines for smoother-than-smooth skin! Apply this silky, lightweight balm alone, under or over makeup. Translucent, oil-free formula complements all skintones and helps makeup stay put. Contains a Vitamin E derivative, known to protect skin from free radicals.
Our slimline BADgal liner waterproof eye pencils, now available in three shades, is long-wearing so it stays put rain or shine. The versatile blending tip on one end helps create soft definition or sultry drama.
Isononyl Isononanoate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Isoeicosane, Ethylenediamine / Stearyl Dimer Dilinoleate Copolymer, Isostearyl Alcohol, Dibutyl Lauroyl Glutamide, Dibutyl Ethylhexanoyl Glutamide, Parfum / Fragrance, Polysorbate 80, Capsicum Annuum Extract / Capsicum Annuum Fruit Extract, Propylene Glycol, Sorbitan Oleate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopherol, Synthetic Fluorphlogopit, Silica, Tin Oxide. May Contain: CI 45410 / Red 27, CI 45380 / Red 21, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 17200 / Red 33, CI 77491 / Iron Oxides.
A soap-free, oil-free, and alcohol-free water that removes face makeup and tones the skin. It gently, yet thoroughly sweeps makeup away without rubbing while soothing botanical ingredients hydrate and add radiance. The result: purified and toned skin. Non-comedogenic. Dermatologist-tested Ophthalmologist-tested
When you’re out late at night, anything can happen. Even the straight-laced types shed their inhibitions and cut loose. That’s when things get interesting, a little dangerous and a lot more fun. Urban Decay introduces the Afterdark Palette, the perfect shadow collection for night owls. Created with late-night rendezvous in mind, this jewel-toned collection contains 10 sultry shades of Eyeshadow—seven NEW and three cult favorites no UD junkie should be without. Amp up your look with shade-shifting duotones and metallized shimmers in a range of hues. From iconic UD colors like Lounge (brick red with a green shift) to new shades like Paralyzed (blue with a purple shift) and Off Duty (deep metallic bronze), this palette has it all.
This formula delivers all the opaque, saturated, high-impact color of your favorite lipstick and an arresting high-gloss finish in one chubby pencil. And with a dynamic bright to deep shade range in creamy and sparkly textures, the runway-ready possibilities are endless. Even the glittery hues in this collection of high-gloss lip pencils feel smooth on your lips (and leave not a trace of sparkle grit). This conveniently portable pencil's high-gloss shine can be blotted for a more stain-like effect, but no matter how you wear it, the color lasts. Free of mineral oil and paraffin, this formula contains plant-derived ingredients that nourish lips. Because the barrels and boxes are color-matched to each shade, locating the color you want is easy, even in the deep, dark depths of an oversize tote.
Kissable Lipcolour provides medium coverage with the creamy comfort of a lipstick and a shiny finish of a lipgloss. The lightweight, comfortable formula is loaded with super emollient ingredients that provide a cushiony feel on the lips. The colour flows like silk, encasing the lips in creamy, luscious colour. Like a molten lipstick, the product melts onto thel ips and feels light and airy. It provides medium coverage with a luminous, smooth finish. It’s feather-resistant and wears for hours.
MAC Evening Stroll is a warm purple with a luminous finish that is limited edition and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
A modern hybrid blush – combining the smoothness of a cream, blendability of a liquid and finish of a powder with long-wearing colour and prismatic reflections. From soft pastels to corals and plums, this blush delivers polished textures that reflect light and leave a smooth second-skin finish.
The long-wearing, highly pigmented eye color goes on creamy and dries to an intense, vibrant, pearlized finish. Seamlessly covers without weight or caking and blends smoothly over the lids. Cream-based, can be mixed with M·A·C shadows and liners.
A liquid-powder highlighter with prismatic reflections that sculpts, highlights and models the face. The cool, creamy near-fluid formula creates a luminous, well-defined finish. Wears 10 hours.
After three years of intensive product development, OCC is proud to introduce a new breed of Lip Tar with a metallic finish. Infused with state-of-the-art metallic pigments with intense resolution, the opacity is an unparalleled high-voltage electric with a reflective shimmer finish. 
Smooch-proof & smudge-proof, our sheer stain has a natural finish that will leave you looking deliciously vibrant for hours.
NARS Floralies is a warm peach with a satin finish that is permanent and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
MAC Warm Fabulously Festive retails for $49.50 and contains 0.43 oz.
Containing a complex of nurturing Vitamins E, B5 and CG plus high potency moisturization, this greaseless formula provides 24-hour hydration. Your skin will look its healthy best and feel touchably soft all day. With Broad Spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen and essential antioxidant protection, Bienfait Multi-Vital gives your skin what it needs to help fight the visible effects of environmental skin damage. Results: Skin is hydrated, looks its healthy best, and feels touchably soft all day. Normal to dry skin, even sensitive skin.
Make Up For Ever Eye Prime is a Primer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.18 oz.
Make Up For Ever #1 Diamond Powder is a neutral glitter with a glitter finish that is permanent and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
To complement the Rouge Diorific Lipsticks are four limited-edition Diorific Vernis Nail Lacquers. The vibrant, high-shine nail lacquers are encased in precious glass bottles accented with gold toppers and leave your nails perfectly polished.
A unique longwearing Eye Shadow with a silky, creamy texture formulated for maximum colour impact. Easily blendable and buildable; lids are visibly smooth no matter how intense the application. Lasts 8 hours.
A lightweight blush with extreme colour perfection and non-fading, eight-hour wear. Ultra fine, silky powder glides on and blends easily to provide a moist, flawless, natural finish or with layering, a brighter, more dramatic look.
MAC Volcanic Ash Exfoliator is a Face that retails for $28.00 and contains 3.40 oz.
You may not know you’re dehydrated, but your skin does. Triple performing facial sunscreen lotion broad spectrum SPF 15 hydrates, protects and comforts the skin with an oil-free, lightweight formula. Contains exclusive ultra-moisturizing ingredients to help capture & maintain water on the skin’s surface.
A mega-effective remover that lifts off every look—from delicate to dramatic—without smudges, tears or aggression. Pro-quality, yet decidedly gentle; calms, hydrates and soothes skin with cucumber extract. Makeup can be immediately reapplied. A favorite of busy model
MAC 128 Split Fibre Cheek Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 235 Split Fibre All over Eye Brush is a Brush that retails for $30.00.
When we first introduced our original Naked palette, we created a Double-Ended Eye Pencil to go with it. Eventually, we loaded the palette with a brush instead, but people BEGGED us to sell the pencil on its own. It’s been so popular that we’re launching that original duo (Zero/Whiskey) as a regular part of our line AND adding three new color combos—one for each of our other Naked palettes. Looking for the perfect eye pencils to pair with all those gorgeous neutrals in our Naked palettes? You’re in luck. Urban Decay launches FOUR Naked 24/7 Glide-On Double-Ended Eye Pencils. Designed to pair perfectly with our Naked palettes, these pencils are the ideal go-to to complete any Naked eye look. Each pencil includes two versatile liner shades inspired by its namesake palette. Three of the eight shades in the lineup are all-time bestsellers, and the other five are NEW and exclusive!
A rich and creamy lip color infused with moisturizing and strengthening benefits. Indulge lips with luxurious color and super moisturizers including white lotus flower and power peptides. This rich formula comes in abundant shades in four essential color ranges: nudes, spices, pinks, and reds. Edited to only the most fashionable shades, it’s impossible to pick just one. 
MAC Double Feature #5 retails for $22.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
MAC Full Lash Curler is a Eyelash Curler.
Revlon Carnation is a cool pink with a frost finish that is discontinued and retails for $7.49 and contains 0.09 oz.
MAC 217 Blending Brush is a Brush.
MAC 167SH Face Blender Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
MAC 179 Angled Split Fibre Buffer Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
A rich moisturizer that leaves dry skin incredibly soft and naturally luminous. What it is formulated to do:Deeply nourish your skin with this luxuriously rich cream that delivers improved firmness, elasticity, radiance, and skin texture. The 100 percent pure RareMinerals ActiveSoil Complex powers this product and includes a unique electrolyte delivery system to convey the perfect amount of hydration to dry skin. Plus, potent antioxidants provide protection from environmental stressors. The resultsoft, smooth, and naturally luminous skin, day after day. 
This remarkably effective moisturizer nourishes skin for a smoother skin texture and improved firmness, elasticity, and radiance. Powered by the RareMinerals ActiveSoil Complex, its unique electrolyte delivery system is formulated to deliver the optimal amount of moisturization for normal to dry skin. Potent antioxidants help protect skin from environmental stressors. The result is skin that's soft, smooth, and incredibly luminous.
Dior Pearl Drops is a False Eyelashes that retails for $28.00.
MAC Jana is a warm gold with a pearl finish that is limited edition and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.15 oz.
A refreshing, aqua-rich gel-cream that hydrates, revitalizes and fortifies the skin. Enriched with Dynamic Aqua Technology to improve water retention, skin becomes supple and fine lines and wrinkles noticeably soften. Contains the NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complexâ„¢ designed to restore skin's youthful radiance and reflect light like a prism. Clinical results indicate: 87% of testers agree the product left their skin feeling supple and more resilient and 82% agree that the product gave their skin a more radiant appearance. For normal to oily and combination skin. Dermatologist-tested. Noncomedogenic. Synthetic fragrance-, paraben-, alcohol- and oil-free.
A soft, lightweight, springy formula delivers hue-rich colour in a modern mode. One touch and you'll be wired into its sensational blending power. Medium-to-high coverage transforms eyes. Use the 249 Large Shader Brush to provide pro-quality pick-up and distribution.
MAC 193 Angled Foundation Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
A gentle, creamy cleanser that helps to maintain skin's moisture balance while removing makeup and impurities. Infused with Monoï Oil, Wild Rose Extract, and Chamomile, it leaves skin feeling soft and looking radiant. Contains the NARS exclusive Light Reflecting Complex™ designed to restore skin’s youthful radiance and reflect light like a prism. Ideal for normal, dry and seasonally dry skin. Dermatologist Tested & Non-Comedogenic Synthetic Fragrance Free, Paraben Free, Alcohol Free
MAC Copper Strip is a warm brown with a pearl finish that is limited edition and retails for $21.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
Chanel Noir-Lame #1 is a black that is permanent.
Revlon Chroma Chameleon Nail Enamel is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $8.49 and contains 0.29 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A fusion of breakthrough watery dewy shine and rich color payoff. Revolutionary film keeping capsule, ultra shine oil and shu uemura's signature hybrid pigment create a smooth, thick veil on the lips that glid ... More Details
Chanel Baked Powder Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC 252 Large Shader Brush is a Brush.
Ready to wear from its first slick application to the high-impact stain it leaves behind, this gloss gives you the ability to get a more translucent look from your Lip Tars while still providing fully pigmented color impact. It can also be worn over existing original-formula Lip Tars for added shine and color-transformative options.
Alcohol Free Face Toner refreshes and soothes the skin, using Aloe Vera, Lemon, and Cucumber extracts.
Formulated to thoroughly exfoliate the skin. A non-irritating, jojoba-based exfoliator makes your skin glow, while humectants provide the perfect amount of moisture.
What it is: An oil-free face lotion scented with a fresh apple scent. What it's used for: theBalm TimeBalm Skincare White Tea Apple Daily Face Moisturizer refines the texture and appearance of the skin for a smoother complexion. Glycolic acid removes dead skin cell buildup that makes skin look dull and evens tone for a rejuvenated look. Apple fruit extract, full of vitamin A and C, provides antioxidant protection against free-radical damage and helps firm the skin.
Apricot Skin Renewal Cream uses Alpha Hydroxy Acids to slow down the aging clock! In addition Glycolic Acid, Liposomes, Vegetable based Squalane, Vitamin E, and natural extracts smooth and condition the skin’s texture.
Bahama Mama matte bronzer creates beautifully bronzed skin, for a fresh-off-the-beach glow. The formula features mica and silica for sheer yet pigmented color and is designed to be layered as needed for the perfect amount of color to customize your ideal and most realistic shade of bronze. The small compact goes easily from makeup bag to beach bag, and the enclosed mirror can be used for touch ups as you go from the pool to the car to the dance floor.
Day or night, summer or winter, a girl needs protection from the elements, so treat those lips to the sassy-scented BalmShelter SPF 17 tinted lip gloss. The long-wearing, jojoba-based shades will soothe, moisturize and protect your pucker from damaging UVA and UVB rays while keeping you looking glamorous, whether you're dipping your toes in the surf or shakin' it on the dance floor. No matter the season, BalmShelter has got you covered.
Give your lids a break from aggressive makeup-removal techniques, and treat the windows to your soul with a nightly ritual that removes makeup and delivers a side order of pampering. Balms Away is a vitamin-infused, skin-soothing eye makeup removing balm that ensures your beauty sleep delivers.
What it is: A lustrous, long-wearing creaseless cream eye shadow. What it does: Whether you're dashing back to work after hitting the gym, or don't want to leave the house looking less than glam, TheBalm's BATTER UP™ Creaseless Cream Eyeshadows lock color on lids, for a finish that lasts as long as you do—no matter how many winks you give.
Eye Perfection Gel with Brazil nut extract gives the delicate eye area a much needed dose of moisture, making the skin appear smoother. It nourishes the skin and diminishes the appearance of fine lines with hydrolyzed elastin, collagen and humectants.
Gently washes away all types of makeup, without leaving unwanted residue. 
Looks can be deceiving. Cheater! Mascara is a fabulously volumizing formula enriched with panthenol to strengthen and condition your lashes. The dramatic brush gives the look of faux lashes without all the extra work. A single coat of will give you volume and length while the non-clumpy, buildable formula allows additional coats to dress up your lashes for a big night out.
Gently removes dirt and makeup trapped in pores without stripping your skin of its natural nutrients. Lactic acid works to polish the dull outer layers of the skin.
Cranberry Invigorating Eye Cream gives you the look of a great night's sleep by helping reduce puffiness in the eye area.
Cucumber Face Toner refreshes, conditions, and soothes as it closes pores and helps protect skin from environmental pollutants.
What it is: A highlighting face moisturizer for all skin types. What it's used for: theBalm TimeBalm Skincare White Tea Dandelion Skin Brightening Moisturizer hydrates and refreshes the skin for a glowing complexion. Gingko biloba extract helps improve circulation for more radiant skin, and is rich in antioxidants that combat the signs of aging. Green tea extract alleviates irritation while subtle light reflectors create a brighter appearance.
Geranium Face Toner is fortified with Alpha Hydroxy Acids to gently exfoliate dead skin, while refreshing and tightening pores without the use of alcohol.
Grapefruit Day Face Cream is a lightweight cream formulated with Pine Bark Extract- known for its protective and nourishing properties. Aloe Leaf Extract helps sooth skin stress and irritation. Added antioxidants defend the skin from harmful free radicals.
Hazelnut Vitamin E Face Cream is formulated with soothing skin conditioners, antioxidants, and humectants (which help bind moisture to skin). This moisturizer will help defend your skin from the harmful effects of free radicals while providing an ample amount of moisture.
Honey Face & Body Primer gives skin a satiny, soft finish. It contains vegetable derived oils, antioxidants, and Jojoba to help perfect the skin.
theBalm's Base and Top Coats will help you prep and finish your Hot Ticket polish to ensure a long-lasting relationship.
Infused with Iris Extract, this night cream is enriched with glycolic acid to reduce the appearance of fine lines while you sleep. It removes dead skin cells while moisturizing. Wake up looking fabulous!
What it is: A lightweight face moisturizer for normal to combination skin types. What it's used for: theBalm TimeBalm Skincare White Tea Juniper Oil-Free Face Moisturizer hydrates and keeps the skin smooth. Juniper extract clears out pores and removes excess oil for a shine-free complexion. Green tea extract provides antioxidant protection against free-radical damage.
An oil-free, gel-based scrub with gentle granules that soften and polish the skin, uncovering underlying radiance. Added algae nourishes and simultaneously bonds moisture to the skin.
Effective and non-drying. Soy proteins nourish by providing depleted skin with a rich source of mineral salts, amino acids and peptides.
Layer the shimmering highligher over your lids for a rich look, sweep across your cheeks for come-hither sheen or use as an allover finish before you head out for the night. The shadow and shimmer diffuse light so your skin looks softer and younger while adding a subtle glow.
Olive Age Defense Face Cream contains soy bean oil that keeps the skin moisturized and helps reduce the appearance of fine lines, while Vitamin E acts as a protective antioxidant. This cream also contains Apricot, Mango, and Papaya to condition the skin.
The Overshadow series from theBalm features a collection of 100% pure mineral pigments in wearable colors that add a luxe look to the lid, taking the most subtle daytime shadow and amping it up for nighttime fun.
theBalm TimeBalm Skincare White Tea Peppermint Hydrating Face Moisturizer moisturizes the skin and alleviates dryness for a younger-looking appearance. Peppermint leaf extract brightens dull skin and helps control excess oil production. Cucumber fruit extract refreshes and hydrates the skin to revitalize the complexion.
Formulated with a special combination of menthol and vitamin C, these sexy glosses increase circulation to the lips and reduce the look of fine lines. A special ingredient, Maxi-lip, works cumulatively to hydrate lips, making them look fuller.
Buy theBalm Anti-Wrinkle Creams & Anti-Aging Creams - Infused with Pomegranate Extract, this restorative serum contains clinically tested ingredients designed to improve skin's appearance. It improves skin tone and elasticity while reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
Gently exfoliates the skin with glycolic and alpha-hydroxy acids while removing makeup and impurities. In addition to the numerous well-known benefits of glycolic and alpha-hydroxy acids, the gel texture of the Rose Face Cleanser leaves pores feeling tight and refreshed.
Exfoliates and cleanses skin without stripping it of its natural hydrating and protective barriers. Formulated with glycolic and alpha-hydroxy acids, known to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, boost skin radiance and improve skin clarity and texture. The lightly rose-scented, creamy formula leaves skin feeling hydrated and smooth.
Hit it out of the park with Schwing, a rich, long-lasting liquid eyeliner that lines and defines with a marvelously matte-black finish. Create winning looks with the smudge-proof, easy-to-use formula that doesn't flake or take forever to dry. Perfect for girls on the go. Lining and defining eyes has never been easier. Built with a uniquely tapered, felt-tip applicator, Schwing gives you careful control over subtle strokes and bold lines. Cool and compact, Schwing fits wherever you need it. Whether you're home or away, get ready to bat those eyes and play the field.
Add a touch of old-school glamour to your makeup arsenal with Sexy Mama, an anti-shine powder to perfect your face without a trace. Picture-perfect and pin-up-worthy skin is no longer just a fantasy. Sexy Mama's provocative power is derivative of tiny oil-absorbing spheres that leave a soft, smooth, matte texture behind. Designed to be used anytime and anywhere, the finish is virtually invisible. It matches the skin so perfectly that even your most attentive admirer will suspect nothing and continue to pine over you and your effortlessly flawless complexion.
These va-va voom shadows are designed to illuminate your eye color, putting you in the spotlight! Whether you’re feeling the innocent ingenue or the femme fatale, there's a shadyLady calling your name.
A water-based cheek and lip stain that gives you a hint of tint. Perfect to dab on your cheeks or to layer to pop the color. You can also use it to give your lips that perfect hint of color that lasts. Stainiac is formulated to give you more time before the stain sets, preventing streaking. Best of all, Stainiac lasts until you take it off.
Lightens age spots and contracts pores.
theBalm proudly introduces a new line of long lasting, highly pigmented lipsticks, theBalm Girls. The double agents provide your pucker with amazing color and rich conditioners. The sleek packaging can infiltrate even the smallest evening bag to give your lips all the secret service they need.
theBalm's Base and Top Coats will help you prep and finish your Hot Ticket polish to ensure a long-lasting relationship.
What it is: An oil-free face moisturizer scented with vanilla. What it's used for: theBalm TimeBalm Skincare White Tea Vanilla Oil-Absorbing Face Moisturizer hydrates and helps control excess oil production. Vanilla extract improves skin tone and nourishes your skin. Squalane keeps the skin soft and radiant with its anti-aging benefits. Green tea extract alleviates any irritation.
The Body Builder: The biggest, boldest mascara to come from theBalm Cosmetics. The heavy-duty, water-resistant, ultra-black mascara pumps up lashes to their maximum volume, adding length, thickness and impressive definition. The long-lasting, clump-free mascara boasts a highly pigmented formula and deep-black finish that won't smudge, smear or weaken throughout the day. Specially formulated with vitamin E, panthenol and bamboo, The Body Builder works to condition and strengthen lashes to their fullest and foxiest. It's just what you need to build impressive body, without breaking a sweat.
The Body Builder: The biggest, boldest mascara to come from theBalm Cosmetics. The heavy-duty, water-resistant, ultra-black mascara pumps up lashes to their maximum volume, adding length, thickness and impressive definition. The long-lasting, clump-free mascara boasts a highly pigmented formula and deep-black finish that won't smudge, smear or weaken throughout the day. Specially formulated with vitamin E, panthenol and bamboo, The Body Builder works to condition and strengthen lashes to their fullest and foxiest. It's just what you need to build impressive body, without breaking a sweat.
theBalm's Base and Top Coats will help you prep and finish your Hot Ticket polish to ensure a long-lasting relationship.
theBalm Lip/Cheek Color is a Lipstick. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
These va-va voom shadows are designed to illuminate your eye color, putting you in the spotlight! Whether you’re feeling the innocent ingénue or the femme fatale, there's a shadyLady calling your name!
Give yourself peace of mind with Crease, Love, and Happiness. Using your favorite shadows, drag the small end of this brush along the lower lash line for soft, natural definition or use it on your eyelid to place colors exactly where you want. Fall in love with the larger end which defines your crease and applies shadows all over your lid in one smooth sweep.
Eye Believe in bold liner and perfect brows. One side of this multi-tasking brush is angled, making it easy to create both perfect eyebrows and eyeliner. Flip it around for a precise defining tip that gives you something to believe in.
Designed to be used wet or dry, theBalm's eyeliner brush boasts a perfect angle to create an even, straight line every time.
Don't stress, Give Crease a Chance! One end of the double-sided brush is great for applying all-over color to the eyelids. The other side uses duo-fiber technology to blend your eyeshadows for a peaceful, easy finish.
Give yourself peace of mind with Crease, Love and Happiness. Using your favorite shadows, drag the small end of the dual-ended brush along the lower lash line for soft, natural definition or use it on your eyelids for precise color application. Fall in love with the larger end which defines your crease and applies shadows all over your lid in one smooth sweep.
theBalm's baby Kabuki brush is the perfect portable size so you can be glamorous on the go. Use with your favorite powders, blushes and highlighters from theBalm.
What it is: A larger version of the beloved Kabuki brush. What it does: TheBalm Big Kabuki Brush proves that sometimes bigger is better when it comes to applying your makeup. Made with cruelty-free goat hair and designed to pamper your skin, these bristles feel like there is a breeze caressing your face with every swipe.
Let the pointed foundation brush Blend a Hand and give you a flawless foundation application. The tapered point applies both your foundation and concealer close to the skin for an airbrushed finish. Blend a Hand is shaped to fit in even the smallest contours of your face, particularly around the eyes and nose. Help is on the way!
Empow-der yourself with a brush that does it all. The powder-ful brush is the ideal size and shape for all-over powder, blush, highlighting and contouring.
theBalm Le Diva is a cool fuchsia with a frost finish that is limited edition.
Meet Mary-Lou Manizer, a seemingly innocent honey-hued luminizer that catches everybody’s eye. This highlighter, shadow and shimmer diffuses light so your skin looks softer and younger while adding a subtle glow. 
This palette has everything you need to take center-stage! It features 12 shadows that are sure to top the charts. All of these shadows can be used wet or dry—so “live and wet/dry”…it’s up to you! The head-lining highlighter and blush are sure to set the stage. Sync up your look with “Milly” and “Vanilly”, the two included lip and cheek creams. Balm Jovi is compact and portable, yet it has everything you need to take on tour!
Nothing is more satisfying than being indulged, and this dusty-rose blush will ensure that you have all the boys attending to you. Its subtle shimmer catches the eye while plum undertones provide a glow that is oh-so-natural whether you are pool-side, beach-side or bed-side. 
Skin will go from tough to totally touchable with the moisturizing benefits of this hydrating body creme. Infused with the delicate scent of Bulgarian lavender, this light, aromatic body whip offers a luxurious finish - improved skin in an instant! Paraben-free. 
The new Disney film Oz The Great and Powerful tells the backstory of the wizard and the witches from L. Frank Baum's book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Inspired by the movie's theme of good witch vs. bad witch (and the good witch/bad witch dichotomy in all of us), we created two insanely gorgeous, limited-edition palettes loaded with beautiful, never-before-seen shades you'll want to own. We spent HOURS obsessively staring at images from the film (and not just the ones featuring its hot male lead, James Franco) to carefully craft the perfect mix of shades for these palettes.
Tom Ford Beauty Escapade is a warm peach with a pearl finish that is limited edition and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
Tom Ford Beauty Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.41 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Apply the illuminator all over the face on its own or mix it with the Tom Ford traceless foundation to achieve radiant and balanced skin. The illuminator can also be used as a highlighter under or over makeup.

Illuminating cheek color inspired by the radiant look of skin bathed in a sunset's glow, capturing the luminous and sensuous effect of bronzed skin. Imported. 
Blending soft-focus diffusers with iridescent pigments, this ultra-fluid strobe formula produces a soft, radiant light on the skin, reducing the appearance of skin imperfections by providing a natural-looking glow. Refreshing. Spreads on smoothly and absorbs quickly. Leaves the skin looking healthier and more radiant. A lighter-weight addition to the popular Strobe Cream.
Aveda Petal Essence Single Eye Color is a Eyeshadow that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get fresh. We brought together fantastic foaming bubbles and exfoliating microbeads to give you the freshest wash ever. Go ahead—face the day with beautifully fresh, healthy-looking skin. Dermatologically Tested. Oil-Free.
Maybelline Blush is a Blush that retails for $5.99 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Custom-blended for a well-known Arabian sheik, this woody chypre was inspired by the extraordinary confluence of the Middle East's past and present aromatic wonders.
Capturing the mystique of Arabia, a rare combination of precious woods, opulent green notes, rich florals, and exotic spices provides a footprint or modernity outlined in ethnic tradition.
This exotic experience opens with top notes of aromatic lavender with the bold floralcy of Bulgarian rose, freesia, orange blossom, and green galbanum, brightened with sparkling bergamot. These effervescent notes are enhanced with hand-picked rose de mai.
The heart pulses with the warmth and sensuality of lavish florals, including ylang ylang, rose absolute, jasmine, gardenia, and luscious honey and orris.
Vibrant citrus notes, sophisticated florals, warm woods, and sensual musk evoke the easy elegance and relaxed style of a the paradisiacal island of Mustique.
A luxurious and sensual fragrance, Tom Ford Black Orchid with its rich dark accords and alluring potion of black orchids and spice is new and timeless. Sensuous top notes of Black Truffle and Ylang mingled with fresh Bergamot and delectable Black Currant. Dramatic middle notes of dark, tempting Florals and rich Fruit Accords. The heart is deepened with the intoxicating Lotus Wood. Decadent base notes of Patchouli, Incense and Vetiver. Vanilla Tears add a fluid creaminess to warm Balsam and smooth Sandalwood. In a black glass bottle with a hand-tied cord and a goldtone name plaque with engraved lettering.
Crisp citrus surrounds a modern pulpy fruit accord, fused with black violets. Woody accents fold into oakmoss adding the universally comforting sensation of warmth.
Tom Ford's brush collection is designed to bring ease and luxury to the process of creating your look—they make expert makeup application completely effortless. Disperse powder evenly all over the face with this luxuriously soft and smooth brush made with natural hair. Designed to pick up the optimal amount of product to achieve gorgeous and radiant skin. It can also be used as an all-over-face blending tool to smooth lines and create a seamless look after makeup is applied. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Enhance the impact of the Tom Ford signature look by creating a sensuous, bronzed face with this silky, lightweight powder. With an exclusively formulated mineral blend of sunstone, amber and black tourmaline crystals combined with unique pigments, it flawlessly highlights the skin's natural radiance or accents an existing tan.
Brush lightly on cheekbones to define and amplify the bone structure, or dust all over the face to create the ultimate warm and seductive glow.
To Tom Ford, the eyebrows are one of the most important elements of the face.
A perfectly groomed and shaped brow is the most powerful non-invasive way to define and enhance your features.
The unique calligraphy tip allows a tailor-made stroke, from thin to wide. Remove the opposite-end cap to uncover the grooming brush; twist the cap counterclockwise to reveal the sharpener. 
Champaca Absolute Eau de Parfum as seen in Oprah magazine (May 2009 issue, p94). This Floral Oriental composition is Tom Ford's homage to the eternal, seductive power of Champaca. The multi-layered fragrance starts with opening notes of Tokajii Wine and Cognac to reveal the sensuous heart of Champaca Absolute and the final warm notes of Vanilla Bean, Amber and Sandalwood. A sensory showstopper, it could only have come from Tom Ford.
Tom Ford's brush collection is designed to bring ease and luxury to the process of creating your look—they make expert makeup application completely effortless.
Achieve concise and effortless cheek color application with this ultra-soft brush developed with natural hair. It allows complete versatility: layer color to desired intensity or sheer it down to transparency. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Tom Ford's luscious, deep black mascara magnifies the eyes and intensifies your look. The combination of darkest black carbon and lash-filling powders works to transform lashes with optimal glamour and drama. A creamy formula that lasts throughout the day without caking, clumping or crumbling.
Create Tom Ford's signature alluring, smoky eye look with this intense, kohl-effect pencil. It combines innovative technology with rich color pigments and glides on skin for an ultra-fluid application. Use outside and inside the lid for an instant sensual and sultry effect. Includes custom sharpener.
Create perfect shade gradation with the Tom Ford Eye Shadow Blend brush. Made with natural hair, it effortlessly softens and blurs any harsh color lines. Essential for blending the different eye shadow formulas in the Tom Ford Eye Color Quad. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
The Tom Ford Eye Shadow Brush was designed to craft a softer, allover eye effect. Developed with natural hair, it picks up color with ease and glides it effortlessly onto the skin. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
The Tom Ford Eye Shadow Contour Brush, developed with natural hair, ensures a flawless crease and corner eye shadow application. A perfect companion for the Tom Ford Eye Color Quads. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Tom Ford's brush collection is designed to bring ease and luxury to the process of creating your look—they make expert makeup application completely effortless. Line and define the eye with perfection with the Tom Ford Eyeliner and Definer brush, made with natural hair. Designed to ensure an absolute precise line, it may be used with powder eye shadow and/or Tom Ford's Noir Absolute. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Create a flawless canvas with this synthetic hair brush. Designed as the perfect companion to the Tom Ford Traceless Foundation SPF15, it easily smoothes and blends liquid foundation onto skin to create an even, seamless complexion without streaking. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
This provocative and charismatic scent evokes a masculine style that is elegant, classic, and iconic. 
Tom Ford believes in balance and symmetry.
The Illuminating Highlight Pen allows you to enhance, contour or diminish your features to create the appearance of symmetry.
The range includes eight highly micronized shades: four tones that catch the light and bring focus to the cheekbones and eyes to create balance and symmetry and four tones that act as skin-priming concealers to diminish flaws and shadows.
All eight tones work to soften and diffuse light for a smooth and undetectable finish.
Diffuse imperfections and create radiant skin with this weightless and undetectable, micro-fine powder. Formulated with specially coated pigments, it creates a diaphanous veil of light on the face to achieve a silky, smooth-looking surface. Its ultra-gliding texture blends like a fluid on the skin, moisturizing and redefining the complexion to ensure a natural, even and luminous finish. Custom applicator brush included.
The first step to flawless makeup application. This revolutionary hybrid product seamlessly blends the worlds of skincare and makeup by combining the Tom Ford Infusing Complex with new skin retexturing ingredients. It increases cellular vitality, helps protect the skin against free radicals and contours the features while enhancing texture, toning and visibly brightening the skin. A luminous and flawless canvas is created for comfortable and long-lasting Color. Apply a small amount to face after concentrate and moisturizer and before foundation. Dermatologist tested.
The Tom Ford Infusing Complex infuses skin with a potent combination of specially selected nutrients that help skin stimulate its natural repair mechanisms. By helping skin cells replenish their natural energy, it fundamentally rejuvenates the complexion, so it looks and feels brighter, fresher and less tired. High-performing antioxidants help protect the skin, creating a vital-looking face. The skin is left looking renewed, resilient and smoother.
Tom Ford Skin moisturizers bring a deeply luxurious, sensory experience to high-performance, active formulas that nourish the complexion, helping restore the luminosity and vitality that create sexy looking skin. This lightweight, exquisitely textured lotion actively infuses cells with the Tom Ford Infusing Complex to rejuvenate skin's energy, vitality and resilience. Luxurious hydrating agents and potent nutrients drench the skin with moisture and help achieve a younger, brighter appearance. Apply a small amount to face, morning and evening, after cleanser and concentrate. Dermatologist tested.
The Tom Ford Infusing Complex infuses skin with a potent combination of specially selected nutrients that help skin stimulate its natural repair mechanisms. By helping skin cells replenish their natural energy, it fundamentally rejuvenates the complexion so it looks and feels brighter, fresher, and less tired. High performing antioxidants help protect the skin, creating a vital looking face. The skin is left looking renewed, resilient, and smoother.
Tom Ford's secret to youthful and mesmerizing eyes: a revitalizing, balmy cream infused with the Tom Ford Infusing Complex. It increases cellular energy and helps maintain the delicate skin around the eyes while nourishing, hydrating and firming the look of the skin and softening fine lines. Eyes instantly brighten; puffiness and dark circles appear diminished. Massage a small amount around eye contour, morning and evening, after cleansing. Dermatologist tested.
The Tom Ford Infusing Complex infuses skin with a potent combination of specially selected nutrients that help skin stimulate its natural repair mechanisms. By helping skin cells replenish their natural energy, it fundamentally rejuvenates the complexion, so it looks and feels brighter, fresher and less tired. High-performing antioxidants help protect the skin, creating a vital-looking face. The skin is left looking renewed, resilient and smoother. 
Tom Ford skin moisturizers bring a deeply luxurious, sensory experience to high-performance, active formulas that nourish the complexion, helping restore the luminosity and vitality that create sexy looking skin. This ultra-rich cream features the Tom Ford Infusing Complex to help skin stimulate its natural repair mechanisms by prompting cells to replenish their natural energy. Luxurious hydrating agents and potent nutrients drench the skin with moisture and help achieve a smooth and vibrant appearance. Apply a small amount to face, morning and evening, after cleanser and concentrate. Dermatologist tested.
The Tom Ford Infusing Complex infuses skin with a potent combination of specially selected nutrients that help skin stimulate its natural repair mechanisms. By helping skin cells replenish their natural energy, it fundamentally rejuvenates the complexion, so it looks and feels brighter, fresher and less tired. High-performing antioxidants help protect the skin, creating a vital-looking face. The skin is left looking renewed, resilient and smoother.
A distinctive fragrance that blends tradition and innovation. Notes of vibrant Citrus, verdant Basil and Mint meld with radiant woods and resins before the refined Cypress heart ignites to reveal an earthy warmth. An aromatic botanic-rich fusion designed for the contemporary fragrance connoisseur.
Voluptuous. Sensuous. Audacious. Tom Ford Jasmine Rouge is a saturated, spiced floral. An unexpected blend of precious sambac jasmine sepals absolute, an ingredient never used before in perfumery with dusky clary sage and rich spices, it unveils a new facet of jasmine's erotic decadence. Jasmin Rouge is as audacious as lacquered red lips. Its deep red bottle evokes the lush and hedonistic glamour.
Jardin Noir explores the forbidden sides of four of perfumery's most treasured blooms: narcissus, hyancinth, rose, and lily. Convention is abandoned and unexpected ingredients converge with bewitching and intoxicating results. Iconic flowers fall open, dropping their innocent facades to reveal the subversive beauty and fierce elegance they normally keep hidden. Heady. Hypnotic. Sensual. Jonquille de Nuit taunts the delicate Narcissus flower to shed its sweetness and spiral into the self-obsessive haze that its name connotes.
Herbaceous. Clean. Stylish. This sparkling eau de cologne is Tom Ford's take on the free-spirited ethos and chic elegance that evokes California.
The seductive interplay of two varieties of lavender - Lavender Absolute and Lavandin - forms the heart of this captivating fragrance as bright citrus notes layered with a moist palm leaf accord, clary sage, sensual woods and smooth tonka bean brilliantly elevate the earthy lavender note into a surprisingly refined star.
Apply Lip Color with ease and absolute precision. Developed with synthetic hair, this brush allows you to expertly modify or enhance the shape of the mouth for a smooth, finished look. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
To Tom Ford, there is no more dramatic accessory than a perfect lip. It is the focus of the face and it has the power to define a woman's whole look. Each lip color is Tom Ford's modern ideal of an essential makeup shade. Rare and exotic ingredients, including soja seed extract, Brazilian murumuru butter and chamomilla flower oil, create an ultra-creamy texture with an incredibly smooth application. Specially treated pigments are blended to deliver pure color with just the right balance of luminosity.
A lipstick that provides a gleaming finish in harmonizing shades that complement a range of skin tones. Lip Color Shine is formulated with the same rare and exotic ingredients as the iconic, TOM FORD Lip Color: soja seed extract, brazilian murumuru butter, and chamomilla flower oil. This lipstick conditions, moisturizes, and delivers a veil of long-wearing color with a lustrous, high-shine.
Lush. Intoxicating. Luxurious. Lys Fume captures the decadence of tropical intoxication, as liquor-soaked dreams float in a garden of pure, white lilies.
This gentle, two-phase, lightweight formula works quickly and gently to remove makeup from the eye, lip and face area. It effectively lifts all traces of makeup without tugging or leaving any oily residue. Shake well, apply a small amount to cotton pad, and swipe over skin. Dermatologist tested. 
Tom Ford signature fragrances are inspired by perfumery's glamorous past, when the world's most expensive and precious ingredients were used to create one-of-a-kind scents of sophistication and luxury. From ravishing, elegant sensuality to heady, bohemian chic, and from provocative, opulent drama to cool, masculine elegance, the Collection's six stunning fragrance moods for women and men empower you to make your own luxurious statement of style. An oriental, sensual fragrance that captures the twin facets of the Tom Ford man; the refined, urbane sophisticate who the world gets to see and the intriguingly sensuous, private man they don't.
Tom Ford's dramatic eye accessory: a black gel formula that sweeps over the entire lid for a smoldering eye or can be used to fluidly and boldly line the lid. Its highly enriched, blackened pigment is infused with a unique spark of blue optics that catch the light and brighten the eyes for an extremely dimensional effect.
A dark chypre oriental, this scent opens with an earthy mantle of richly woven saffron, black rose and black truffle, with hints of floralcy. Underneath, vanilla, patchouli, oud wood and tree moss soften the intensity, making the scent a sensual experience.
Jardin Noir explores the forbidden sides of four of perfumery's most treasured blooms: narcissus, hyancinth, rose, and lily. Convention is abandoned and unexpected ingredients converge with bewitching and intoxicating results. Iconic flowers fall open, dropping their innocent facades to reveal the subversive beauty and fierce elegance they normally keep hidden. Sophisticated. Voluptuous. Passionate. Ombre de Hyacinth creates bewitching tension as hyacinth cloaks its voluptuous beauty behind cool, aristocratic finery.
An exotic rose wood and cardamom, blended with exuberant Chinese pepper, envelope the wearer in warmth. Eventually, the center exposes a smokey blend of rare oud wood, sandalwood and vetiver. Finally, the creamy scents of tonka bean, vanilla and amber are revealed.
Tom Ford believes a truly beautiful face begins with energized, radiant skin. This super-rich, hydrating cream cleanser uses the exclusive Tom Ford Purifying Complex to leave skin clean, vibrant and free of dulling and damaging impurities, including makeup and environmental toxins. Massage gently over damp or dry skin, then rinse or tissue off. Dermatologist tested.
The Tom Ford Purifying Complex frees skin of toxins by combining a European plant extract with Chinese herbs to promote purification and reduce irritating environmental pollutants. It breaks down the impurities that rob skin of vitality and saturates skin cells with plant extracts, leaving skin looking fresh and vibrant, as if lit from within.
Tom Ford believes a truly beautiful face begins with energized, radiant skin. This water-activated foaming gel cleanser uses the exclusive Tom Ford Purifying Complex to naturally clean and detoxify skin of makeup and dulling and damaging impurities, including environmental toxins. The result is a luminous face that is noticeably soft and energized. Massage gently over damp skin and rinse thoroughly. Dermatologist tested.
The Tom Ford Purifying Complex frees skin of toxins by combining a European plant extract with Chinese herbs to promote purification and reduce irritating environmental pollutants. It breaks down the impurities that rob skin of vitality and saturates skin cells with plant extracts, leaving skin looking fresh and vibrant, as if lit from within.
Tom Ford presents his new fragrance inspired by the mystery and luxury of the Middle East. Evoking the untamed beauty of the land, Sahara Noir is Tom Ford's ode to the enchanting power of one of that land's most treasured ingredients: frankincense, a precious desert resin.
Tom Ford Santal Blush is a mesmerizing, spicy wood oriental. A textured fusion of creamy sandalwood and exotic eastern spices is enhanced with intoxicating florals and sumptuous woods to create soft, naked glamour with a mysterious spirit of modern earthiness. Its nude juice and blush colored packaging are as sensual as a beautifully contoured nude face.
From Tom Ford's point of view, the first step to beauty is understanding the architecture of your face and bringing balance and symmetry to your features.
This duet of highlighting and shading creams is designed to make sculpting and contouring the face remarkably simple.
The super sheer, light shade can be used to draw light onto the skin to brighten and lift the face. The dark shade defines and contours bones while staying invisible to the naked eye. 
Sculpt and contour the face with precision using this brush designed as the companion to the Tom Ford Shade and Illuminate compact. Developed with synthetic hair, it helps to highlight or shade the face to achieve symmetry without creating streaks or unnatural lines. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Effortlessly apply cream eye color or concealer with the Tom Ford Shadow/Concealer brush, developed with synthetic hair to expertly glide product onto skin with a seamless look. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Achieve the Tom Ford signature look with this unique brush. Designed specifically to achieve a beautifully dramatic, smoky eye, it is an essential tool within a woman's brush portfolio. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
A modern take on an old world men's club. A smooth oriental, Tobacco Vanille opens immediately with opulent essences of tobacco leaf and aromatic spice notes. The heart unfolds with creamy tonka bean, tobacco flower, vanilla and cocoa, and finishes with a dry fruit accord, enriched with sweet wood sap.
An intense gentlemanly interpretation of sensuality. Tom Ford For Men Extreme reflects an attitude of impeccable style, not of rules. A masterfully blended fragrance tailored for a true connoisseur, each ingredient is chosen with discriminating taste. A vintage Patchouli, lush Black Italian Figs, ultra-pure Persian lemons, decadent Black Truffle and rich Cedar Wood are entwined through the exquisite craft of haute perfumery. A new icon of masculinity emerges, breaking the rules, and creating a new, gentlemanly universe in its path.
A chypre blend of notes brings a raw, yet reserved sensuality to Tuscan Leather for an original take on a classic leather scent. Saffron, raspberry and thyme, open to olibanum and night blooming jasmine. Leather, black suede and amberwood add an intricate richness.
With Private Blend, Tom Ford opens a door into the mesmerizing world of artisanal scent. Each fragrance begins with a precious extraction of a single note around which secondary notes are wrapped creating a completely developed and complex Eau de Parfum that may enchant or challenge, stimulate or delight.
Inspired by the dark brown glass used in apothecary bottles that are traditionally found in a perfumer's atelier, the weighty 1.7-ounce flacon has the sleek architectural look of a chess piece and the 8.4-ounce decanter, designed to enhance the user's home environment, is pure craftsmanship.
A high-shine, color-saturated gloss designed to achieve bold and glamorous lips.
Its smooth and creamy texture has high adherence and easy comfort. It can be worn alone or layered over Tom Ford Lip Color to add dimension to the lips.
A musk of carnal passion, Urban Musk is a sexy hedonistic scent that leaves an indelible and irresistible impression. It reveals the raw power of musk amidst seductive notes of jasmine, honey, black plum, and incense.
Introducing a scent that perfectly captures the myth of a generation, surrounded by sleek wood notes and white flowers, this clean, penetrating fragrance melds Bohemian influences with today's structured sophistication. Opens energetically sparkling notes of bergamot blended with delicate white peony and spicy coriander accents make an instant play for attention. The alluring and modern heart unfolds in sequence: rich rose absolute, carnal night blooming jasmine, and the stimulating ambrette seed. Precious patchouli orpur infuses the finish with exotic depth. Its stimulating sensual pull is enriched by a medley of blonde woods and the soft eastern aroma of incense.
White Suede exudes smooth white leather blended with elegant suede, heightened by saffron, warm amber, and sensuous musk.
Notes include: Bulgarian rose, saffron, thyme, Lily-of-the-Valley, white leather, suede, amber, sandalwood, and musk.
Tom Ford eyeshadow quad features four complementary shades that give you a range of looks from bold to smoky, or sexy to subtle. Each features four different finishes too, from a sheer sparkle to a satin to a shimmer to a matte so you can wear each alone or mix and match for an unforgettable look.
Tom Ford Beauty Burnished Amber #1 that is permanent.
Custom-blended for a well-known Arabian sheik, this woody chypre was inspired by the extraordinary confluence of the Middle East's past and present aromatic wonders.
Capturing the mystique of Arabia, a rare combination of precious woods, opulent green notes, rich florals, and exotic spices provides a footprint or modernity outlined in ethnic tradition.
This exotic experience opens with top notes of aromatic lavender with the bold floralcy of Bulgarian rose, freesia, orange blossom, and green galbanum, brightened with sparkling bergamot. These effervescent notes are enhanced with hand-picked rose de mai.
The heart pulses with the warmth and sensuality of lavish florals, including ylang ylang, rose absolute, jasmine, gardenia, and luscious honey and orris.

Enticing. Exotic. Seductive. Cafe Rose descends into a hidden labyrinth, where rose's fine breeding gives way to darker pleasures.

Symmetrical, sculpted cheekbones are vital to creating the Tom Ford look. Formulated with spherical pearls and rich emollients, this cheek color glides onto your skin with the comfort of a cream, achieving outstanding luminosity and a velvety transparency.
Sheer wash of lightweight, creamy colour slips on. Layerable and long-wearing. Versatile, too.
Glide one on for a swift wash of colour. Contour with another to add depth, and yet another to highlight. There's no need to stop at just one. Appropriate for sensitive eyes and contact lens-wearers.
shu uemura Cleansing Oil is a Face that retails for $67.00 and contains 15.20 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A full, fluffy, dome-shaped brush of ultra-soft , white natural fibres perfect for the lightweight application and blending of face powders, highlighters and bronzers. Luxurious soft-touch, bronze, short-handle design. Limited-edition.
Beautisol's citrus face exfoliant is a gentle, yet effective citrus face exfoliant that is the perfect solution for removing dead skin cells and impurities prior to a face self-tan application. Exfoliates and cleanses the face, preparing it for a flawless self-tan application.
Features & benefits:
Formulated for all skin types
Provides a smooth and even surface for a perfect self-tan application
Contains fine Jojoba beads to physically remove the dead skin cells
Infused with certified organic orange peel, lemon, and grapefruit extracts, leaving the skin cleansed and rejuvenated
Paraben-free, propylene glycol-free, sodium laurel/laureth sulfate-free, and cruelty-free (PETA certified)
A lightweight, quick drying self-tanning mousse for all skin colors and skin types which produces a natural looking tan. Gives an immediate light bronzing effect while simultaneously developing a natural looking tan on your skin.
Helps hide skin imperfections – think… “If you can’t tone it, tan it!
Moisturizes & nourishes the skin with anti-aging properties
Contains an odor eliminating fragrance technology called PURE SCENT that helps to eliminate the unpleasant processing odor all self-tanners have!
Features & benefits:
Innovative PURE SCENT odor-eliminating fragrance technology reduces the unpleasant processing odor by up to 80%
A light guide color allows you to see where you applied the product and where you missed to ensure a flawless application
Advanced, patented DHA provides a perfectly natural color while preventing oxidative stress
Paraben-free, propylene glycol-free, and cruelty-free (PETA certified)
Antioxidants and anti-aging ingredients help nourish and hydrate the skin
This face tanner for dry/sensitive skin is the first ever skin-type-specific face self-tanning lotion. Our Normal-Dry-Sensitive formulation is for those with dry or sensitive skin. Moisturizes, hydrates, and revives the skin
Delivers a natural-looking, golden-brown tan within hours
Provides instant color so you look bronzed and picture-perfect immediately, all while your long-lasting tan processes underneath
Features & benefits:
Created specifically for normal to dry or sensitive skin types
Infused with soothing ingredients to hydrate the skin
Formulated with ChroNOline (Caprooyl Tetrapeptide-3), an anti-aging peptide, to help minimize the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles
Lightweight formula prevents the skin from feeling heavy or greasy
Pure Scent odor-eliminating technology reduces processing odor
Guide color allows you to see exactly where you have applied the product and where you may have missed, reducing streaking and application mishaps
Paraben-free, propylene gycol-free, sodium laurel/laureth sulfate-free, and cruelty-free (PETA certified)
Summer Glow™ dark self-tanning lotion is the perfect product for anyone looking for a deep, dark tan fast! Gives an immediate bronzing effect so you look tan and gorgeous instantly.
Provides a long-lasting, natural-looking dark tan.
Moisturizes & nourishes the skin with anti-aging properties.
Helps hide skin imperfections.
Innovative Pure Scent odor eliminating fragrance technology reduces the unpleasant processing odor by up to 80%.
You have beautiful skin, choose to show it. Uncover radiant, more youthful-looking skin with this exfoliating mitt from Beautisol. A gentle massage with this mitt removes surface layers of dead skin revealing a smoother and softer appearance. No need to put up with dull, lackluster skin when there is beauty beneath.
This face tanner for oily/acneic skin is the first ever skin-type-specific face self-tanning lotion. Our Normal-Oily-Problematic formulation is for those with oily or acneic skin. Absorbs oil and purifies the skin. Delivers a natural-looking, golden-brown tan within hours. Provides instant color so you look bronzed and picture-perfect immediately, all while your long-lasting tan processes underneath.
Features & benefits:
Created specifically for normal to oily or problematic skin types
Infused with Montmorillonite Clay, Lilac Stem Cell, and Niacinamide to help reduce inflammation and improve acne
Lightweight formula prevents the skin from feeling heavy or greasy
Pure Scent odor-eliminating technology reduces processing odor
Guide color allows you to see exactly where you have applied the product and where you may have missed, reducing streaking and application mishaps
Paraben-free, propylene gycol-free, sodium laurel/laureth sulfate-free, and cruelty-free (PETA certified)
Dream Sun Bronzing Powder Four Seasons is a unique, multi-tonal palette that creates a customized bronzed look. Choose how light or dark you want to go, or combine the shades all over for a radiant glow.
Dream Sun Bronzing Face Illuminator, a gel formula that reflects light to highlight skin and create a warm, shimmery glow.
Perfect for all-over bronzing, the Dream Sun Bronzing Powder Matte creates a natural sun-kissed glow in a matte finish that is ideal for the T-zone.
NARS NARS Hearts Sets is a Makeup Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This ultratrendy, long-wearing formulation features tiny feather-like particles in complimentary colors to create a quill effect on the nails. Perfect for adding a pop of color to your spring or summer ensemble, the unique feather bottle and feather print cap make these must-have shades for all. Wear two to three coats to build full coverage or apply directly over a base color for a smooth look. 
This polish applies glossy but dries down into a chic leather look without the need for a top coat. Each polish comes with a leather-effect cap that will ensure that the products look as fabulous on your dressing table as they do on your nails. These new shades are ideal for nailing the texture trend. 
A revolutionary magnetic nail lacquer used to create a stunning 3D fishnet effect.
A bold magnetic polish in a metallic shade that creates a show-stopping pattern.
Achieve perfectly smooth flawless nails in no time without a salon treatment. The secret: triple polymer and dual plasticiser technology give your nails a plumped, gel-like finish. Get a luscious, wet look and brilliant shine whilst also extending the wear of your manicure.
No manicure is complete without a top coat. Bestselling nails inc. Kensington Caviar Top Coat has been specially formulated for anyone who demands instant results. The effect on the nails is a super glossy, wet look professional finish so that nails look like they have been professionally manicured. This incredible formula will also help to increase the wear of your nail polish adding chip resistance that seals in color. 
Ultra nourishing for all nail types, Kensington caviar base coat nourishes nails while helping to prevent staining, smoothing the surface, and prolonging the duration of your manicure. Its formula conditions the nails so that nails can grow stronger and longer. This is the perfect base coat for all nail types.

This quickly drying base coat glides onto nails, giving smooth, even color-application and acting like a primer for polish application, helping color to last longer. Caviar extract helps the natural growth process of nails.
Consider this polish the ultimate nail accessory to add sparkle to any outfit. This revolutionary formula has been created with hand cut particles creating faceted fragments that dazzle like precious stones. 
The holographic particles in this formula completely transform the look of polishes and is recommended for use over the top of white or dark nail polish shades. Electric Lane can create two different looks: use one coat for a subtle holographic finish and two coats for a fabulous party look.
This top coat paints on glossy but dries into an amazing matte satin finish in 30 seconds for creating that perfect fashion statement. Try using Kensington Caviar Top Coat to create super trendy glossy tips–the contrast between matte and glossy will look fabulous! 
Achieve the look of a naturally flushed cheek. The light and ultrafine texture of this blush delivers a sheer veil of radiant luminosity with a velvet finish and stays color-true all day. The sleek compact easily slips into your purse and includes a travel brush for easy application. 
Illamasqua Cream Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A first from Illamasqua: part hydrator, part primer, Hydra Veil is a cosmetic-care primer developed to enhance make-up application and longevity by flooding the skin with immediate rehydration. Providing an instant smoothing effect, it rehydrates, calms, and refreshes skin and enhances the already long-wearing nature of Illamasqua’s make up. 
The secret to beautiful eyes this summer. Guerlain's iridescent loose eyeshadows in Cuivre Ora and Bronze Ora impart an immediate metallic sheen with a single, light application.
Urban Decay 15th Anniversary that is limited edition and retails for $55.00 and contains 0.75 oz.
A smooth-gliding pen applicator delivers a new lightweight, long-wear shadow that highlights eyes with gleaming color. A cooling, water-infused formula creates a shimmering veil on lids. An exclusive creation from the L’ETE PAPILLON DE CHANEL collection.
Hourglass No. 28 Lip Treatment Oil is a Lip Balm that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
theBalm Put a Lid On it is a Primer that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polydecene, Synthetic Wax, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Ozokerite, Trimethylolpropane Triisostearate, Cera Alba (Beeswax), C10-30 Cholesterol/Lanosterol Esters, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Silica, Fragrance, Trihydroxystearin, Bht, Sodium Hyaluronate, Butylene Glycol, Propyl Gallate, Spilanthes Acmella Flower Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Camelina Sativa Seed Oil, Benzyl Benzoate, Hexylene Glycol, Hydroxycitronellal. +/- : Aluminum Hydroxide, [+/- , Ci 15850 (Red 6 - Red 7 - Red 7 Lake), Ci 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), Ci 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), Ci 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), Ci 45380 (Red 21), Ci 45410 (Red 28 Lake), Ci 73360 (Red 30 - Red 30 Lake), Ci 75470 (Carmine), Ci 77491 - Ci 77492 - Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Mica].
Guerlain's newest eyeliner is ultra-pigmented to leave a deep, long-lasting impression. The precision tip and ingenious pen-shaped design allow for easy manipulation, enabling it to be used as a liner or eyeshadow.
Applied as a khol solely along the inside of the eyelid, it underlines and enhances the eyes with a provocative depth. Worked as a liner in a thick line along the upper lashes, it adds modern sophistication and widens the eyes. Also works as an eyeshadow ideal for a simple smoky eye.
This super-slick pencil has potential to encompass your entire lip wardrobe. The beautifully smooth color accentuates lips for precise definition and the long-wearing formula enhances your natural shape without feathering. Its unique, automatic design eliminates the need for sharpening and it comes with a refill to keep your pout perfect even longer.
Seduce the curves of your lips with irresistible, radiant color. This lipstick’s creamy, ultra-moisturizing formula drenches your pout with intense hydration for visibly softer, smoother lips. Build your lip wardrobe with all of Edward’s signature shades.
Look lit from within with this super smooth cream texture that effortlessly highlights cheeks, eyes, and lips. The formula’s light-reflecting pigments optically enhance your skin for an incredibly radiant complexion and impart a dewy veil of luminosity that lasts all day.
Capture the glow of skin bathed in warm sunlight with this super soft bronzer. Sculpt and contour for a natural, sun-kissed effect and allow the super fine texture to deliver sheer luminosity and a radiant finish. 
Lavish your lips with extraordinary shine and this unique formula that delivers a kiss of brilliant color without added glitter or shimmer. The superior hydrating properties keep lips smooth and protect your perfect pout with superb moisture. The must-have designer shades range from barely there to bold and dramatic. Pucker up—your lips are in for a treat.
Instantly transform your eyes with just one click and sweep of this silky smooth, luminous eye shadow base. Its built-in applicator and expert formula allow you to prep your lids and create the perfect canvas for flawless shadow application with dramatically extended wear.
Get a glow on the go with this silky, smooth cream formula that imparts a rich, luminous tint on lips and cheeks. This versatile formula instantly brightens for a radiant touch of color you’ll adore. Keep the sleek designer compact in your purse for an extra brush of pretty wherever you go.
Discover your lash potential like never before with this weightless, smudge-proof formula that pumps up the volume for thicker, fuller lashes. The specially engineered comb brush separates and coats from base to tip, combating clumping and ensuring that every lash is fully coated for ultimate definition.
Dress the eyes in a veil of iridescent color with this richly pigmented shadow that blends seamlessly for flawless application. Uniquely customized powders capture and reflect light for a multidimensional effect. 
Keep all eyes on yours with this ultrasmooth, defining eyeliner. Create deep, rich color-lines effortlessly with the unique design that never requires sharpening and always ensures precise application. The water-resistant formula can even be worn on the inner rims of the eyes to intensify your desired look.
Achieve the look of a naturally flushed cheek with the light and ultra fine texture of this blush. The delicate formula sweeps on sheer with a velvet matte finish and stays color true all day. The sleek compact easily slips into your purse and includes a travel brush for easy application.
Discover the secrets of the Black Sea and reveal dramatically smoother, firmer-looking skin. This intensely moisturizing cream is formulated with a rare blend of marine extracts, vitamins, and minerals to fade away age lines and impart a more youthful appearance. This extraordinary treatment leaves skin looking luminous and radiant day and night.
Behold the only eye shadow brush you’ll ever need. This brush is perfectly designed to define and accentuate the crease or lid with dome-shaped, natural bristles. This go-to for all eye looks is a stroke of genius!
Float high above Paris atop La Grande Roue—a magical moment of sheer enchantment amidst the clouds: Eau La La. The golden sun envelops the City of Light, revealing its timeless allure. As the ferris wheel lifts off to the sky, sacred incense rises from the ancient cathedrals filling the air with a smoky warmth. Embrace the wheel’s breathtaking ascent as the sweet aroma of fresh gardenia from the Tuilieries swirls around you mingling with an intoxicating amber veil drifting from the labyrinth of tree-lined streets below. You and your lover embrace. Let this moment of innocent romance last forever. 
Face it - this brush is a must-have to sculpt and define your best features. Expertly crafted with hand-shaped, natural bristles set in sleek weighted metal for superb application.
Edward Bess Prismette Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $68.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Primer locks in your look so makeup application stays looking fresh for all-day wear. It hydrates and protects and creates a smooth, clean canvas, allowing you to use less foundation and other similar products. The primer fills in fine lines and wrinkles revealing soft, smooth flawless skin. Unlike other heavy, oily primers, AmazingCosmetics Anti Aging Face Primer creates a smooth, flawless canvas without feeling heavy on the skin. Botanical Cassia Angustifolia provides significant hydration for a full 24 hours.
This super soft, oversized dome-shaped brush comes in its own velvet carrying case for on-the-go perfection.
AmazingCosmetics Mascara creates thick, voluminous lashes by utilizing specific curling polymers. You will be left with a lush, defined frame for the eyes—minus the flaking or clumping.
Sometimes brows need a little magic. This must-have pencil features an ultrafine, retractable tip to easily fill in gaps and mimic brow hair. Perfect for spot checking areas that may be sparse or over-tweezed, the smear-proof formula wears all day for a natural, fresh look. 
Anastasia Brow Pen glides on easily, clinging to both skin and hair, for a lush and natural look. Use it as a base to increase your current brow makeup's staying power or to fill in sparse areas for a fuller look.
Anastasia Brow Pen glides on easily, clinging to both skin and hair, for a lush and natural look. Use it as a base to increase your current brow makeup's staying power or to fill in sparse areas for a fuller look.
Enjoy bolder, fuller-looking brows. Start by applying Brow Enhancing Serum Advanced on clean brows every morning and evening, allowing serum to dry before applying makeup. It features a peptide clinically proven to enhance the look of brows. Then use Brow Wiz in tiny, hair-like strokes to shape and define brows. Finally, set your brows in place for the day with conditioning Clear Brow Gel. 
For those with thin, sparse brows, this unique, botanical formula gives the appearance of fuller, thicker brows. The combination of cream and gel effortlessly defines and fills in the look of brows while controlling and shaping without flaking or fading.
A clear gel for all hair colors that sets, defines, and holds brows in place all day. This long-wearing clear gel sets and defines brows without fuss. The soothing chamomile formula also conditions hair and offers a lustrous, natural look.
This serum is formulated with an advanced Pentapeptide chain and is rich in botanical extracts and vitamins to help strengthen and condition skin and brow hair. With regular, twice-daily use, this product helps you to achieve fuller, longer, and more youthful-looking brows with less breakage. 
A dual-ended brow pencil for applying and blending eyebrow color. This double-duty brow pencil has a velvety brow pencil on one end and a brow brush on the other to blend eyebrow color. This creamy formula dries down to a natural powder finish, and it features a spooley brush for combing and blending.
Petite, Slim High, Medium, High and Full Arch Stencils allow you to achieve and maintain a true Anastasia shape at home. Shape brows using Anastasia's Precision Tweezers and fill in brows with the Mini Duo Brush #7 and Brow Powder Duo, all while using the Stencils as a foolproof guide.
A dual-ended brush for runway-ready brows. This must-have, double-ended brush lets you easily create nicely shaped, head-turning brows. With two essential tools at your fingertips—an angle-cut brush to fill in brows and a grooming spooley to brush brows into shape—your brows will hold form from dawn ‘til dusk. This essential tool is travel-friendly and features a multilacquered wooden handle.
Crafted from the highest quality steel with custom-slanted top and calibrated tension, this professional must-have tool handles even the finest hairs with ease.
Anastasia Brow Duality pencil features a matte highlighter on one end and a shimmer highlighter on the other. Use the Matte side during the day to create a soft highlight. For those nights on the town, use the Shimmer side to give your eyes that soft, satiny glow. Its silky formula is enriched with vitamin E and contains light-diffusing pigments to even out skintone.
Beauty Genius Clear Waterproofing Gel, a specialty waterproof sealer, and Brow Wiz Loose Powder can be mixed to create perfect waterproof brow color that lasts. Custom create any brow look, from a subtle tint to a bold, dramatic brow that stays put all day and night. 
Designed to keep brows in place with flexibility, Brow Fix is best used after applying brow color for a subtle, yet defined look.
This advanced, lightweight formula glides on smooth, dries quickly, and gives your lashes a touchable, soft lacquer finish that lasts all day. 
Professional grade stripes and sticks are the same used by Anastasia in her salon. Dermatologist-tested. Clinically tested, non-irritating formula.
These versatile, moisturizing, cream-to-powder pencils create soft, matte highlights under brows, a smooth base for shadows, or subtle shadowing on its own.
Illumin8 Bronzer gives skin an instant sunkissed glow without the sun. This clinically and consumer-tested bronzing powder hydrates the skin and helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Youthful Synergy™ Complex features: brown algae, a key ingredient that smoothes, firms, hydrates, and revitalizes the appearance of skin; diamond core powder, which diffuses shadows and minimizes the appearance of pores and wrinkles; sea whip extract that soothes skin; macadamia derivative, a natural hydrator capable of holding up to 300% more water; and vitamins A, B, C, E, and F. Balkan Botanical® Infusion, exclusive to Anastasia Beverly Hills, is an antioxidant-rich complex containing marshmallow leaf extract, lemon balm, bilberry extract, and green tea to soothe, soften, and hydrate skin.
The optimal slant for precision brow shaping. Quality crafted from pure sable with a multi-lacquered wooden handle.
A professional-quality pencil sharpener that creates a sharp tip. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Sharpener with brow, makeup, and lip pencils for expert precision and peak performance. Stainless steel blades won’t dull or rust; Removable lid and base for easy removal of shavings; An included adaptor insert works with standard pencils
Anastasia She Wears It Well retails for $34.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
A collection of single, fine-milled powder eye shadows in individual pans. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Eye Shadow Singles to create a professional-style four- or eight-pan custom, refillable palette.
These long-wearing eye shadows feature: Youthful Synergy Complex™ formulated with brown algae, a key ingredient that smooths, firms, hydrates, and revitalizes the appearance of skin; diamond core powder, which diffuses light, minimizing the appearance of pores and wrinkles; sea whip extract, which sooths the skin; Macadamia derivative, a natural hydrator capable of holding up to 300% more water; and powerful antioxidants of vitamins A, B, C, E, and F. Balkan Botanical® Infusion, exclusive to Anastasia Beverly Hills, is a hydrating antioxidant-rich complex containing: marshmallow leaf extract, lemon balm, bilberry extract, and green tea.
Talc, Boron Nitride, Nylon-12, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Magnesium Myristate, Zinc Stearate, Silica, Methicone, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Butylparaben, May Contain/Peut Contenir: Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77492, CI 77491), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
Cool Dark Brown
This duo features two separate palettes for grooming and perfecting the brows, and creating a flattering, sultry eye. Bold Brows contains brow powder, pomade, mini duo brush, and mini tweezers that allow you to sculpt, define, and beautifully layer color for perfect brows. Beautiful Eyes includes four matte and shimmering shadows in versatile neutrals and warm hues—the perfect shades to finish any look. Layer them wet or dry to create anything from a subtle, sheer wash of color to an intense, nude smoky eye. 
Anastasia Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
These long-wearing eyeshadows act as antiaging skincare and makeup in one, formulated with two advanced blends that are exclusive to Anastasia.
Cover Girl's Flamed Out Shadow Pots are blazing, blendable pots of super-saturated color to help you create bold, explosive looks and get your eyes noticed.
This stellar matte eye shadow palette is formulated with rich, long-wearing pigment that prevents creasing, smudging, and fading all day and night. Smooth velvety shades glide onto eyelids, while colors layer seamlessly to create an array of customized neutral looks. The long-wear, on-the-go pencil liner glides onto eyelids for a flawless finish and is perfect for creating everyday neutral looks or intense smoky eyes. 
Kat Von D Fur Elise is a warm plum with a matte finish that is permanent.
The silky and blendable formula of our Baked Eyeshadow provides smooth and even application with each sweep of color. Baked in an oven, these eyeshadows offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. The long-lasting and shimmering color can be worn wet for a vibrant effect or dry for sheer pigmentation, offering a variety of gorgeous eye looks!
The beautiful soft texture melts into the skin for a vibrant color that lasts. Convenient and easy to apply, just layer the color to achieve the desired intensity. Apply wet or dry for a fabulous look that never creases or fades.
Soft and fluffy, these vibrant, shimmering Long Lasting Lustrous Eyeshadow colors can be used as eyeshadow or a bold liner. The whipped gel texture is easy to blend and lightweight for lasting comfort and wear. Perfect for highlighting the brow bone and adding extra shimmer for a truly glam look.
The pigment-rich color delivers a vibrant effect while minimizing fine lines. The creamy texture blends in evenly for an all over matte look. This eyeshadow provides long lasting coverage and brilliant payoff for maximum performance. Perfect for wearing alone, contouring or using as a setting powder. Brush included!
Create a bold and beautiful statement with these jewel-toned, multi-dimensional pigments that impart lustrous high-color payoff and long-lasting wear. The buildable, powdery-fine formula blends seamlessly for ease of application and can be layered for a variety of looks. From soft and neutral to strikingly colorful these six silky and shimmery shades compliment every eye color for a fun, flirty look. Eyeshadow Brush included.
Line, shade and contour your eyes with this ultra pigmented and creaseless cream shadow. Easy to blend for layering and building color. The silky smooth and smudge-proof formula provides long lasting color for a beautiful look all day.
The jumbo-sized Waterproof Eyeliner Crayon is perfect for creating bold, smoky eye looks. The waterproof, smudge-proof formula gives lasting color that stays put all day. Use as an eyeliner or blended out as an eyeshadow to create endless stunning eyes.
Create a beautiful eye look with our all-natural pigmented Pressed Mineral Eyeshadows. The innovative pressed powder design creates a silky smooth texture that is blendable for everyday, easy wear. Our natural mineral formula is infused with Rosemary, Cucumber and Vitamin E to replenish the delicate eye area and provide anti-aging benefits for a more revitalized look. 
Bring a touch of natural beauty to your eyes with these natural mineral eyeshadow shades that add subtle highlights for daytime or increased drama for night. With key vitamins A, B, C & E these eyeshadows hydrate and minimize the appearance of fine lines. Available in an array of light-reflecting color options they can be worn wet or dry, together or alone, for countless shimmering styles and trends. The all natural consistency makes them incredibly easy to apply and blend for a flawless finish. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
This creamy and pigment rich Jumbo Eyeshadow Stick is perfect for creating a natural or smoky eyeshadow look. Infused with nourishing Vitamin E to condition the delicate eye area. The twist up component and smooth glide formula is easy to use for on-the-go beauty. All colors, except Like A Boss, have a shimmer finish.
Achieve radiant shimmering color with this luxe Glitter Eyeshadow. Create eyecatching sparkling looks for any occasion with rich colors and vibrant glitter. Apply wet for more intense looks or dry for a softer effect.
The best of both worlds! Get rich eyeshadow color that has a built-in primer for long-lasting wear. The featherweight liquid formula is easy to apply and blends in for a flawless look that lasts.
Our Shimmering Facial Whip is a multipurpose, on-the-go whipped highlighter packed with Vitamin E to instantly brighten and soothe skin with no greasy after-feel. Ideal for using on your cheeks, lips, eyelids or anywhere you would like a radiant pop of shimmering color. 
This 3-in-1 Color Stick adds a beautiful glow to your eyes, lips, or face! Get gorgeous color that illuminates and instantly conditions skin for fresh and natural color all day long. Blend anywhere you would like to highlight and brighten like your cheeks and brow bones.
The luxuriously smooth and highly pigmented, silky formula provides eyes with an awakened brightness for a long-lasting wear. Choose your favorite colors that best compliment your style and insert them into the Custom Compact for a totally personalize palette!
The cream formula creates smooth lines that are defined and precise. Smudge-proof, budge-proof and water-resistant coverage for all day wear to combat against sweat, tears or rain! Achieve thin or bold lines with ease. Slanted Eyeliner Brush included.
The long-lasting Precision Liquid Eyeliner formula and pigment rich color glides on smoothly for defined and precise lines. Features a tapered brush design to create thin or bold lines for a custom look. Try a winged-eyeliner look and unleash your inner retro diva!
This soft pencil defines and shades the eye with rich blendable color so you can use it as an eyeliner or eyeshadow. Infused with Cocoa Butter, Shea Butter, Coconut, Jojoba, Mango and Sandalwood Oil to condition and nourish the skin. The easy glide formula is perfect for creating a dramatic smoky eye. This dual-ended pencil includes a sponge tip on one end for blending and a built-in sharpener cap for convenient sharpening.
The Prime side sets your eyeshadow in so your color won't fade, bleed or crease. The Liner side transforms your favorite eye shadow into a waterproof, smudge-proof liquid liner with this unique clear liquid and built-in felt tip precision eyeliner brush. Now you can have your eye makeup lasting longer for no fuss no budge color.
Create definition that's soft, natural and brilliant. The natural based formula provides gentle coverage for even the most sensitive eyes. The twist up applicator is easy for instant use, no sharpening required. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
Get no smudge with no-budge eyeliner, which creates a fabulous and fresh look of precision that lasts for hours. The smooth felt tip applicator easily glides on color for very fine to bold lines for effortless beauty.
This smudge-free, budge-free Waterproof Eyeliner Pen lasts for hours for a fabulous and fresh look of precision. The innovative triple tip applicator provides better control while applying fine to bold lines. Try a dramatic look by extending the line for a winged eyeliner effect!
No more tugging or pulling on your eyelids with this easy glide Liquid Eyeliner. The smudge-proof liner is rich in color, creating a long lasting defined look. The fine tip brush creates easy and precise definition for natural or dramatic eye effects.
Instantly brighten eyes with e.l.f. Cosmetics shimmering metallic liners that put the spotlight on eyes. The smooth formulation glides on effortlessly without tugging at the delicate eye area. Choose from an assortment of vibrant shades designed to add depth, definition and a special sparkle to create a very glamorous look! Pencil includes a convenient sharpener cap for easy use!
The rich gel-powder formulation of our Brightening Eye Liners instantly brighten eyes for a healthy, radiant look. These liners glide on smooth without tugging the delicate eye area. Pair with your favorite e.l.f. eyeshadows and mascara for gorgeous, defined eyes.
This soft white eye pencil goes on smooth and blends easily, creating an illusion of bright and beautiful eyes. Use the Eye Widener pencil to line the lower lid, outer corners, inner corners, or even as a highlight for your browbone. The pearly white pencil helps to awaken tired eyes for a more youthful and vibrant look!
This light reflecting, metallic Eye Enhancing Mascara is designed to enhance and complement the color of your eyes. The unique silicone shaped brush coats every lash for a clump-free, smudge-free, volumized look. Pair with the Eye Enhancing Eyeshadow for a gorgeous eye look.
An all-in-one professional mascara that lengthens, defines and volumizes lashes. The uniquely shaped, multipurpose silicone brush has precision bristles to coat every lash for a dramatic look. The maximum performance, long-lasting formula gives all day smudge-free, budge-free wear for gorgeous lashes.
Achieve dramatically defined lashes with this expert smudge-proof formula Defining Mascara. Infused with Keratin, Pumpkin, Soy and Castor Seed Oils, B5 and Biotin to strengthen and condition lashes. The unique cone-shaped brush provides smooth application to even the most hard-to-reach corners for defined and volumized looking lashes.
Create lush and bold lashes with our Volume Pluming Mascara. The oversized brush fully coats lashes from root to tip for an intense and dramatic effect. The Vitamin B rich formula conditions and strengthens for visibly healthier looking lashes.
Lashes instantly appear longer and fuller with a rich curl for ultimate definition. This fiber infused mascara gives lashes maximum extension for a lengthened look, while the ingredient rich formula has Vitamin B & E, Wheat Protein and Panthenol to condition and enhance lashes.
Lengthen and volumize eyelashes instantly with this Mascara Primer. Revitalize lashes with Pro-Vitamin B5, Hydrolyzed Wheat and Soy Protein-enriched formula. An excellent conditioning base for mascara. Coat each lash with this nourishing primer for lashes that appear naturally thicker, longer and stronger!
Achieve thicker, fuller and longer looking lashes that are beautiful and evenly coated. The smaller brush design provides precision application exactly where you want it, so you can coat each and every lash. Great for creating winged lashes and to get target definition for lower lashes. The small mascara wand is specifically designed to be used for the bottom lashes or to target corner individual lashes for precise mascara application.
Achieve thicker, fuller, and longer lashes that are beautiful and natural. The enlarged brush coats your lashes evenly for an enhanced appeal. The unique formula is clump free and quick drying so you can have color that stays on all day with no smudging and no flaking. 
The top rated Mineral Infused Mascara creates fuller, healthier looking lashes. Enhance lashes for a naturally thicker and more volumized look. The long-wear formula and unique silicone brush creates a clump free and defined application for gorgeous lashes all day.
Achieve thicker, fuller, and longer lashes that are beautiful and natural. The enlarged brush coats your lashes evenly for an enhanced appeal. The unique formula is clump free and quick drying so you can have color that stays on all day with no smudging and no flaking. Waterproof, tear-proof and sweat proof for a look that lasts against all odds.
This all-natural Mineral Volumizing Mascara lengthens, separates and volumizes lashes instantly. Developed for sensitive skin and contact wearers, the natural formula is gentle enough for everyday use. Infused with Cocoa Butter, Shea Butter, Pro Vitamin-B5, Vitamin E, Oat Protein, and Green Tea Extract to condition and strengthen lashes.
Create glistening and glittery lashes that are fun and flirty with Glitter Mascara. The sheer formula adds just the right amount of sparkle to enhance your lashes. The unique wand applies the perfect amount of glitter without clumping for a professional look every time!
Volumize lashes with mascara that boosts curls for a dramatic look. Coat your lashes in this Vitamin E enriched formula for lashes that appear fuller and thicker for a long-lasting effect.
Revolutionary Liquid-Flex(TM) Technology makes our Regular & Waterproof Mascara Duo the best of both worlds. Long-lasting, smudge and smear-proof formula helps you achieve gorgeous lush lashes. One side is regular mascara, but turn over this tube, and the other side contains waterproof mascara so you're prepared for any occasion, place or type of weather!
Achieve glossy, shiny, healthy-looking lashes and brows, infused with long wearing conditioning agents in our Wet Gloss Lash & Brow mascara. Flawless lashes and brows have never been easier!
Achieve thicker, fuller and longer lashes that are beautiful and natural with the e.l.f. Lengthening & Defining Mascara. The unique formula is clump-free and quick drying so you can have color that stays on all day with no smudging and no flaking for beautiful defined lashes.
The cooling sensation of the Eye Refresh rollerball brightens and refreshes the eye area to help alleviate under eye puffiness and dark circles. Infused with key ingredients Pomegranate, Rosemary, Green Tea, Cucumber and Grape to hydrate and nourish the delicate skin around your eyes. Perfect for portable on-the-spot treatment to awaken the skin throughout the day for a little pick-me-up. Eye Refresh is great for men too!
This light-diffusing powder camouflages fine lines, dark circles and imperfections, perfect for on camera or everyday wear. The silky powder adds a velvety finish ideal for wearing alone or setting in cream concealer. The Vitamin C & K infused formula helps to restore and strengthen skin for a revitalized appearance.
This gentle and completely sheer Eyeshadow Primer has key vitamins A, C and E to help prevent aging and moisturizes the skin. The formula glides on easily and disappears instantly to create longer-lasting, crease-proof eyeshadow. The Mineral Eyeshadow Primer is designed to be used with your favorite mineral eyeshadow to provide ultimate staying power for beautiful and vibrant color that lasts. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
Preps your eyelid for smoother, longer-lasting and crease-proof eyeshadow. The lightweight liquid formula quickly absorbs into the skin for comfortable wear and increases eye color longevity.
Create manicured and styled brows that are beautiful and defined. Treat your eyebrows with a hair re-growth, vitamin infused gel formula to help stimulate hair follicles so your once thin and sparse brows become thicker. Tame eyebrows with a fiber enhanced eyebrow mascara formula for fuller and more natural looking brows. The special fiber infused mascara grips onto even your finest brow hair to create a beautiful healthy and enhanced look.
A unique slanted tweezer ergonomically designed for easy and accurate tweezing. Professional quality stainless steel construction provides a strong grip that will easily remove any unwanted hairs.
Achieve perfectly shaped brows to accentuate your face. These reusable stencils are easy to use. With 4 stencils to choose from: Curved Arch, Soft Arch, Structured Arch and Full Arch, it makes these brow stencils suitable for all brow and face shapes. Now your eyebrows can look picture perfect everyday!
Create a lush, glamorous eye look with the Studio VIP Eyelash Kit. Natural-looking lashes can be retained for multiple uses. A must-have accessory for date night, parties, or any time you want to add volume with false lashes for an enhanced wink! 
Each complete Lash Collection provides the essential tools for creating beautiful, lush eyelashes for any occasion. The lightweight and soft lashes fit comfortably on the lash line to give an enhanced look with easy application. Use the half strips for a natural look or the full strips for a more dramatic effect.
Each complete Lash Collection provides the essential tools for creating beautiful, lush eyelashes for any occasion. The lightweight and soft lashes fit comfortably on the lash line to give an enhanced look with easy application. Use the half strips for a natural look or the full strips for a more dramatic effect.
Each complete Lash Collection provides the essential tools for creating beautiful, lush eyelashes for any occasion. The lightweight and soft lashes fit comfortably on the lash line to give an enhanced look with easy application. Use the half strips for a natural look or the full strips for a more dramatic effect.
Each complete Lash Collection provides the essential tools for creating beautiful, lush eyelashes for any occasion. The lightweight and soft lashes fit comfortably on the lash line to give an enhanced look with easy application. Use the half strips for a natural look or the full strips for a more dramatic effect.
No mess, no hassle - just naturally beautiful lashes! Get full lashes for any occasion with our top-rated Natural Lash Kit. Easy application and comfort grip gel allows for multiple uses so you can achieve natural looking lush lashes again and again.
No mess, no hassle - just gorgeous lashes! Get full lashes for any occasion with our top-rated Dramatic Lash Kit. Easy application and comfort grip gel allows for multiple uses so you can repeatedly achieve showstopping lush lashes again and again. Set includes Pair of Dramatic Lashes, Contour Tray, Lash Adhesive Gel.
No mess, no hassle - just gorgeous lashes! Achieve lashes exactly how you want them with our top-rated Individual Lash Kit. Easy application and comfort grip gel allows for multiple uses so you can repeatedly achieve lush lashes again and again. Set includes 18 Individual Lashes, Contour Tray, Lash Adhesive Gel.
Create gorgeous curled lashes that appear larger and more defined with this sleek design. Use the larger curler to curl all lashes simultaneously or the mini curler to curl lashes individually and precisely. Comfortably fits all eye shapes and an ergonomic shape provides control and ease of use. Eyelash Curlers are sold separately.
Create gorgeous curled lashes that appear larger and more defined with this sleek design. Use the larger curler to curl all lashes simultaneously or the mini curler to curl lashes individually and precisely. Comfortably fits all eye shapes and an ergonomic shape provides control and ease of use. Eyelash Curlers are sold separately.
Gently and easily cleans skin to remove all traces of makeup and dirt, even waterproof mascara. Great for on-the-go travel. Gentle cloths are soft and soothing for even the most sensitive skin. Infused with Aloe Vera Extract for deep hydration and moisture. 20 Pre-moistened cloths included.
Increase the intensity of your makeup colors and lock it on instantly with Makeup Lock & Seal. Coat your eyeliner, shadow, lipsticks, blush, brow color and more for a sealed smudge-proof wear. The quick dry and easy to use formula keeps your makeup in place for hours. Say goodbye to makeup smudges and hello to makeup that stays put!
Mascara smears? Uneven eyeliner? Quickly remove or correct small makeup smudges, smears and mistakes without having to take off the rest of your makeup! The gentle and non-greasy formula erases even long wearing and waterproof makeup for flawless touch ups, perfect for throwing in your purse or gym bag when you're on-the-go! Infused with Vitamin E, Cucumber and Chamomile to moisturize and condition skin.
Apply eye makeup flawlessly with this innovative and mistake-proof Mascara & Shadow Shield. The silicon flexible and convenient design works to shield your skin against mascara smears and eyeshadow fallout. The reusable and reversible design works on both eyes, under eye or over eye, for easy makeup application. The ideal tool for achieving gorgeous eye looks without smudges and fallout! Great for makeup artists or aspiring makeup artists.
Specially packaged disposable applicators for eyeshadow. Perfect for quick hygienic use for any cosmetologist, makeup artist or beauty expert. Great for applying loose, cream and pressed eyeshadow or any other eye product.
Specially packaged disposable applicators for mascara. Perfect for quick hygienic use for any cosmetologist, makeup artist or beauty expert. Great for grooming brows, applying mascara and combing out mascara clumps for beautiful separated lashes.
e.l.f. Custom Compact is designed for the girl on the go! This magnetic lock-in system has four compartments created to offer the ability to switch out your favorite eyes, lips, and face shades. The compact includes a mirror so you can always be sure that you look your best! Choose your favorite colors that best compliment your unique, beautiful look and personal style. 
This innovative eyelash curler has a special curved design which angles to suit all eye shapes. Its silicone rubber pad applies the appropriate amount of pressure to curl lashes naturally and allows for damage-free heating. Get long-lasting curled lashes both easily and safely. Add a swipe of e.l.f. mascara and curled lashes remain in perfect shape all day.
These flexible Eyelash Curler Replacement Pads ensure you get a perfect curl every time with your Eyelash Curler. We suggest replacing your Eyelash Curler Pads every 3 months, or as needed, for best results. Includes a quantity of 5 Eyelash Curler Replacement Pads.
Double-sided, velvety soft applicators apply eye makeup evenly and easily without streaks or creases. These disposable applicators are perfect for blending colors and creating definition to help you achieve any eye look. Set includes 4 Eyeshadow Applicators.
This convenient Dual Pencil Sharpener is the essential tool for sharpening pencils of any size to maintain professional and precise application. The removable adapter allows you to adjust the size to fit large or small makeup pencils. The cover captures shavings and allows for easy cleaning. Includes a bonus small sharpener perfect for travel.
With a gem-embellished handle, this limited edition Eyeshadow Brush sparkles with every sweep of shadow. Expertly sheered bristles help you apply the perfect amount of color to your eyelids with precision and control, leaving you with a gorgeous eye look that complements your personal style.
This dazzling, limited edition brush is a must-have for achieving alluring eyes. The gem-embellished Blending Eye Brush expertly blends multiple eye shades while softening dramatic edges and fine lines. The final result will be a flawless, natural and professional look.
This new antibacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more ansorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! 
This synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
Create an airbrush effect with the Flawless Concealer Brush using any liquid or powder concealer. The unique rounded shape allows you to contour and cover areas easily. Create buildable coverage from light to heavy for a customizable look that is smooth and flawless.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
End glitter fallout and get gorgeous sparkling eyes with this innovative, unique Glitter Applicator. The silicone head is specifically designed to apply glitter. Comfort soft material grabs glitter and places it directly on the eyelid for precise and concentrated application. Great for loose or pressed glitter eyeshadow.
This firm Flat Eyeliner Brush creates precision lines for instant definition. The straight blunt cut provides full-color intensity for smooth and even consistency. Use with powder, liquid or cream products for a flawless lined eye.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! 
This new anti-bacterial, synthetic-haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! This thin pointed brush creates even and accurate color application in one fluid movement. The perfect angled tip of the brush provides exact placement for concentrated color right up to the lash line. Use to apply eyeliner for perfect color application.
Specially sheered brush tip absorbs the perfect amount of eye shadow and provides long lasting color saturation. The comfort curved brush contours the eye with natural gliding strokes for easy and accurate eye shadow application.
Expertly blends multiple eye shades while softening dramatic edges and fine lines. Using a Blending Eye brush after shadow and liner application creates a natural finish to any eye look. This brush can also multitask ? use it to set powder or liquid concealer.
This short curved brush is the perfect shape to expertly smooth in color along the lash line for a smoky look. The dense brushes apply exact color application for extreme intensity to blend colors or smudge lines. Perfect for contouring and enhancing definition around the eye.
The soft bristles of the Defining Eye Brush add a beautiful wash of color to your eye for added depth and definition. The angled bristles are shaped to contour the crease of the eyelid or right underneath the brow bone for added color.
Create dramatic, smokey eye looks with this soft tapered applicator. Use the sponge tip to expertly smudge and blend eyeliner and eyeshadow for a totally custom look.
Blends and contours in the crease and corners of the eye. This domed bristle brush picks up eye color and sweeps it onto the eyelid to create bold definition. Great for smudging shadow into the lash line for a smoky effect. 
Refined, gentle brush tip perfectly reaches the inner and outer lash line for ultra thin and smooth application. Works perfectly with wet or dry formulations for a variety of lasting looks.
Create the perfect brows and keep lashes full and lush with this Eyelash & Brow Wand. The spooley brush head helps to define lashes and remove clumps after mascara application. It also aids in brow contouring to create perfectly coiffed, elegantly shaped eyebrows.
Keep brows perfectly trimmed and shaped with this Brow Comb + Brush. The comb side works to smooth brows for a polished, neat look. The angled brush side helps to softens hair texture and distribute product. Doubles as a lash comb to separate and remove clumps when applying mascara.
Dazzle and shine with this intense, show-stopping glitter filled gloss. Infused with light-reflecting micropearls, this non-sticky gloss illuminates lips with sheer brilliance and lots of color. Vitamin E hydrates lips for additional lip-quenching moisture while the precision brush applicator provides the perfect amount of gloss for effortless coverage, everytime.
Looking for ultra shine without the shimmer? Glossy Gloss is here! Our high shine, pigmented Glossy Gloss delivers a beautiful sheen and a rich tint of color to your pout. Great for wearing alone or over your favorite e.l.f. Cosmetics lipstick, lip pencil, or any lip color for a vivid gloss effect. The Vitamin E infused formula provides intense hydration and moisture, for lip pucker perfection!
Achieve full coverage that lasts for hours with this long-wear formula. Enjoy silky matte color or layer on the moisturizing clear gloss for a shiny look. With key Vitamins A & E your lips stay smooth all day long.
Achieve longer lasting lip color and sexy plumped lips. The Primer creates a base for lip color for no budge, no smudge pigment that lasts all day. The cinnamon scented Plumper enhances your lips with a subtle plumping tingle effect for fuller, larger looking lips.
Create more volumized, fuller looking lips with the optical illusion of the Pout Perfecter gloss. The sheer pearl gloss instantly transforms your dull lip color to a defined light reflecting glow. This makeup artist secret can now be yours for picture perfect fuller lips, everyday!
The soft and silky formula glides onto lips to create a luscious shine without feeling sticky or tacky. The sheer tint of color is the perfect hue to give you a beautiful and natural glossy look. Infused with Coconut Oil and key vitamins A & E to protect and moisturize your lips. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
The Jumbo Lip Gloss Stick is a tinted lip color that glides on like a lipstick but looks like a gloss. With nourishing Jojoba, Soybean and Vitamin E key ingredients, it conditions and moisturizes the lips. The twist-up component and smooth glide formula is easy to use for on-the-go application.
This high shine lip gloss is infused with dazzling shimmer that gives the perfect amount of sparkle for instant dimension on lips. The non-sticky, lightweight formula is rich and soothing for comfortable wear. Mix and match shades for a custom lip look or layer over your favorite e.l.f. lipstick for a chic shimmery smile.
This Super Glossy formula leaves your lips with a healthy glossy glow. The delicious flavor and sweet scent will leave you licking your lips in delight. The perfect on-the-go tube that is mess-proof for easy application anywhere and anytime. Wear alone or layered over your favorite lipsticks for gorgeous, glossy lips!
Hyper, glass-like shine infused with micro-mirror technology to reflect light. Smoothes lips on contact with a conditioning shine that lasts for hours. Create that natural lip stain of color that's sheer, subtle and beautiful!
Forget costly Collagen injections, or those painfully stinging glosses, stimulate your senses to a refreshed full perfect pout with Plumping Lip Glaze! A revolutionary lip plumper, infusing natural ingredients that awaken your senses for fresh, volume-enhanced and moisturized lips. This dual sided Plumping Lip Glaze has a tinted color for a subtle plump or a clear gloss that power plumps your lips. Wear together and instantly feel the lip enlarging effects!
This convenient jumbo sized lip pencil creates exact color application with twist up ease so you never have to sharpen. The pigment rich color glides on effortlessly and easily to provide long lasting matte color. The enriched Vitamin A, C & E formula moisturizes and hydrates lips for beautiful healthy looking lips.
Now you can hydrate your lips and get a lasting soft color naturally! This nourishing blend of exotic oils, natural waxes, vitamins and plant extracts create the perfect moisturizing formula. The sleek lipstick has superior color payoff, glides easily onto lips, and is long wearing. Lips stay perfectly hydrated and soft throughout the day for no fuss, lip loving happiness. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
Indulge your lips with long lasting color and shine. The moisture rich formula hydrates, conditions and softens on contact for silky smooth lips. Instantly beautiful, healthy-looking lips designed, formulated and tested by our professional team of makeup artists.
Lip therapy is here! Intensive hydrating agents along with rich pigments leave lips with long-lasting color and moisture. The Luscious Liquid Lipstick creates gorgeous wearable color that flatters a multitude of skin tones and looks.
Enhance your lips by creating a fuller more defined lip easily! One side highlights lips to create a beautiful youthful glow, while the other side defines lips for a perfect pouty look.
Create defined and enhanced lips that are blended to perfection! The smooth gliding pencil applies color precisely and accurately with no sharpening needed. The soft taklon bristled brush aids in blending the color evenly and naturally for a beautiful bitten lip look.
Create definition that's soft, natural and brilliant. The gentle glide formula gives consistent color without tugging or sharpening for a beautiful enhanced look. All our mineral makeup is mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
Line your lips with our velvety ProVitamin Complex? never-feathering hydrating pigments. These rich liners caress lips with naturally long-lasting color for ultimate definition. Wear alone or pair with your favorite e.l.f. lip products for a perfect pout.
Gently exfoliate lips to remove dry, chapped skin with our Lip Exfoliator! A sweet sugar and smoothing sensation, infused with Vitamin E, Shea Butter, Avocado, Grape and Jojoba Oils to nourish and protect. This Lip Exfoliator treats and smoothes lips for a conditioned and revitalized feel.
Use the Studio Lip Balm SPF 15 to relieve and soothe lips with a drench of moisture. This lip balm features SPF 15 to help shield lips from harmful sun rays. Apply balm liberally to prevent and temporarily protect against chapped, cracked or chafed lips. Try one of the tinted lip balms for just a hint of color!
With the e.l.f. Conditioning Lip Balm, lips get treated to a sheer splash of color that's super smooth, velvety soft and non-sticky. Not only are these sheer, natural shades beautiful, they're also beneficial, with natural ingredients that condition dry, chapped lips including Vitamins A & E. SPF 15 to protect delicate lips against harmful sun damage.
Keep your lipstick, lip gloss and lip liner from feathering, traveling or budging with the smooth glide Lip Lock Pencil. Your lip color stays locked in place for continuous wear. The colorless formula is perfect for any skin tone and fills in fine lines around the lip.
Nourish, pamper and treat lips with this super emollient, lip quenching color. Shea butter, Jojoba oil, Coconut Oil and Vitamin E impart serious moisture while SPF 8 protects lips from harmful UVA/UVB rays. This just-bitten tint of color provides immediate soothing relief to irritated chapped lips while also diminishing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles around the lip area. Like all our mineral makeup this item is mineral based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
This lightly tinted lip balm gives the perfect flush of color for a beautiful, natural look. The Coconut, Grape, Shea Butter and Rice Wax infused formula conditions lips on contact for long-lasting, hydrating comfort.
Salvation for parched lips. This innovative lip balm coats lips with natural nutrients and skin soothers to condition even the most sensitive lips. Infused with Shea Butter and Vitamins A & E for long lasting protection.
Get beautiful precision color that lasts for hours with this pigment rich lip stain marker. The pen-like tip lets you draw on color easily for a streak & smudge free professional look. Infused with nourishing Vitamin E to hydrate and moisturize lips.
This Taklon brush can be used with wet or dry products. Compact and retractable brush is perfect for precision application and mess-free storage. Use to apply lip color, fill in fine lines, or line the outer rims of your lips for extra definition. The tapered tip bristles are designed for easy and controlled application. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush.
This soft tapered brush is ideal for lip color application and for softening lip pencil lines. The tapered point allows for precise definition. Create a professionally applied look every time with our Lip Defining Brush.
Create a balanced and radiant complexion that is beautiful and healthy. The lightweight formula evens out skin tone and absorbs excess oil, and sheer formula brightens, mattes and neutralizes the skin. The colors are meant to be blended together as the Blue neutralizes orange, the Green neutralizes red, the Pink neutralizes grey and the Yellow brightens and neutralizes red.
Achieve even flawless skin that's smoother, redefined and shine free. This translucent powder works on a wide variety of skin tones to help set your makeup in so it lasts longer. The silky lightweight formula also miraculously mattes skin to diminish oil and shine for a beautiful and healthy look!
Achieve a sun-kissed glow with this sheer golden body shimmer. The silky smooth and fine powder blends evenly and easily onto the skin for a lightweight feel. Use all over the body for a touch of radiance.
Whether you want to create a summer tan or a healthy glow, these sheer and lightly pigmented powders will add that touch of color that will leave your skin healthy and radiant. All of our mineral glow powders are mineral based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
Rich and creamy HD Blush naturally sculpts and highlights the cheekbones for a soft-focus effect that is great for everyday use. The Vitamin E enriched formula conditions and hydrates the skin for a healthy, radiant glow. Velvety soft, lightweight and highly pigmented color creates a long-lasting result for all day wear.
This amazing blush offers the best of both worlds! It smoothes on as a cream for great texture and then transforms into a velvety soft powder finish for long-lasting rich color that's never greasy! The lightweight, refreshing oil-free formula looks natural and radiates a beautiful glow perfect for all skin types. The soft powder finish can be layered for desired intensity and dimension.
The soft sheer texture blends into the skin for a silky finish. Designed to be worn alone or layered for more depth. Highlight your complexion with a subtle healthy glow!
The soft and shimmering color of our Baked Blush creates a natural healthy glow. Baked in an oven, these blushes offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. The long-lasting formula provides a gorgeous, smooth and even application. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. Apply this shimmering color dry for sheer pigmentation, or use a damp brush or sponge for a more vibrant effect.
Create a subtle color definition to your cheeks that will add radiance and a glow, for a healthy look you can see. All our blushes are mineral based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
This silky smooth powder blush melts into the skin creating a beautiful brightened glow. Formulated to create lasting color that accentuates your features and flatters your skin tone. A built-in mirror and brush are included for convenient flawless application.
The limited edition, gem-embellished Powder Brush is perfect for the girl who likes a little bling. A full and dense brush, perfect for dusting loose and pressed powders over the face and neck. The soft, caressing bristles of this Powder Brush allow for soothing application of all facial and bronzing powders.
Add a touch of glam to your makeup vanity with this sparkling gem-studded Kabuki Brush. Our soft, fluffy limited edition Kabuki Brush provides light to full coverage to ensure a flawless finish. The compact brush is perfectly sized to easily buff and sweep powders onto your face or body. Ideal for mineral makeup, shimmers, blushes, bronzers and other loose powders. 
Add a bit of sparkle to your makeup routine! This limited edition, gem-studded Blush Brush allows for precision application of blush, bronzer, and all other multipurpose dusts and loose powders. The angled bristles help to shape and highlight your cheeks and face.
Gem embellishments make this limited edition Foundation Brush dazzle with every stroke. Designed to help you achieve an ultra smooth, poreless finish when applying foundation or tinted moisturizer. For best results, use upward brush strokes for a flawless look. 
This new antibacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! 
This anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this brush! Our handy and easy to use Kabuki Brushes provide a light to full coverage on your face or body to ensure a flawless finish. The compact brush is perfectly sized to allow for precise and controlled application of bronzer, powder, or a highlighter on your skin.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
The rounded-dome tip and densely packed bristles offer exact product placement and complements the circular movements needed to apply mineral powders. Perfect for providing full coverage and reaching the hard to reach crevices of the face. Use for applying both loose and compact mineral powders or any other pressed or loose powder, foundation, bronzer or blush.
Use the Small Stipple Brush to create soft layers by adding texture for a natural airbrushed result. The two layers of bristles create ultimate control from sheer to heavy coverage for small and hard to reach places. Ideal with liquid, cream or powder products, foundation, concealer, and cream blush.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! The tailored design allows for easy maneuvering and precise color application creates a beautifully defined and sculpted look Can be used to apply blush or bronzer.
The tapered head of the Small Tapered Brush makes application easy for reaching small crevices for a flawless finish. This precision brush is perfect for contouring and creating even coverage. Use with powder to set under the eye, on the hollows of the cheek to contour with bronzer, or use with foundation to achieve a light finish.
The slanted shape of the Angled Blush Brush offers precision application for a sculpted look. The soft dense bristles contours facial features easily. Use with cream, liquid or powder blush, bronzers or highlighters for a professional result.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
Create a flawless face with the Pointed Foundation brush. This Taklon brush features a tapered brush head for precise application with an even, streak-free and flawless finish. Perfect for concealing, highlighting, and contouring. Ideal for use with liquid, cream or powder foundation products - can be used with wet or dry products. Become a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this studio foundation brush.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush!
Soft, caressing bristles allow for soothing application of facial and bronzing powders. The Total Face Brush features full, slightly tapered bristles to contour the face and help build gorgeous coverage as needed. Great for quick full-face touchups!
Use on the face to apply, blend or contour powder products evenly and flawlessly. The soft rounded corners deliver a light blend of color on the face. Perfect for applying both pressed and loose foundation, bronzer or blush powders.
This unique three-in-one brush allows for precision application of blush, bronzer, and all other multipurpose dusts and loose powders. The angled bristles perfectly fit the curves of your cheekbone to expertly define, shape and contour your cheek area.
Achieve an ultra smooth, poreless finish when applying foundation, tinted moisturizer, or other creamy face product. The tapered bristles are designed to contour your face for a seamless, flawless finish. Makeup Artist Pro Tip: For best results use upward brush strokes. 
Dusts, wipes and contours powders for a flawless look. Can be used to create a soft wash of color over the cheeks, to apply a touch of loose power to cover shine, or as a blending aid. 
Achieve precise cover up with this on-the-spot Concealer Brush, specifically designed to mask imperfections and cover blemishes for a totally flawless look. 
Wish you could have a product for your makeup like Hairspray is for your hair? Well…keep your makeup staying in place all day with a radiance boosting invisible hold with our new Makeup Mist & Set. The invigorating mist moisturizes and soothes the skin with key ingredients Aloe, Green Tea, Cucumber and Vitamins A, C & E. The lightweight, comfortable and alcohol free formula improves makeup wearability and prevents color from running or fading.
Daily Moisture Stick is an easy to use clear gel formulation that nourishes and hydrates the skin. This light-weight and soothing multi-purpose balm is enriched with antioxidants and anti-aging ingredients including ? Grape, Cocoa, Shea, Avocado, Macadamia, Aloe and Chamomile. The sleek, convenient packaging is perfect for travel and everyday use to condition and moisturize skin, both at home and on the go!
These amazing little sheets instantly absorb oil, minimize pores and transforms shiny skin into gorgeous matte perfection. Woven texture eradicates shine and keeps skin matte for hours. Green Tea Extract helps re-texturize skin and mask facial imperfections. Travel pack fits neatly into your purse for on-the-go touch-ups. 50 sheets included.
Our soft, but sturdy Blending Wedges perfectly apply and blend foundation and other face product for a smooth, flawless look. Expertly shaped to provide easy and even application of product without messy clumps or streaks. These disposable wedges come in a convenient portable case, great for storing in your cosmetic bag.
Soft Powder Puffs make powder application flawless and easy. Great for quick touch-ups and eliminating shine when paired with your favorite e.l.f. powder makeup. Set includes 4 Powder Puffs.
Indulge your skin in rich cleansing moisture for a noticeably brighter and smooth complexion. The water-activated, powder based cleanser works to clean and exfoliate the skin for a beautiful healthy glow. Infused with active minerals and skin nourishing ingredients Aloe, Green Tea, Jojoba Avocado and Vitamin E, this gentle and calming cleanser revitalizes skin for a younger looking feel.
Transform your face into a flawless and smooth canvas with the Mineral Infused Face Primer. Developed to combat against excess oil, flaky dryness, enlarged pores and fine lines. This clear multipurpose skin primer will prepare your skin so makeup goes on evenly for a long lasting satin finish.
These lightly dusted shimmer sheets create a gorgeous, healthy glow on the apples of the cheeks, d?llet?or anywhere you desire. Perfect for on-the-go shimmer and applying color instantly without the mess and hassle of carrying around a brush. Simply sweep a single Shimmer Sheet over the desired area for an instant dust of beautiful color. 20 sheets included.
Create sexy, soft shimmer for a healthy looking glow that is lightweight and comfortable. Great for using on cheeks, lips, eyes, and decollete. The convenient twist-up design is easy to use for quick application. Simply glide on this chic shimmer for a sunless, gorgeous glow.
e.l.f. Studio Radiance Enhancer is a Concealer that retails for $3.00 and contains 0.13 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This beautiful Shimmer creates a radiant glow on the skin. Perfect for illuminating the face, collar bone, shoulders or anywhere you desire. Convenient for an on-the-go glow, simply sweep the shimmer on your skin with the included brush.
Create a healthy, shimmering sun-kissed look with our Baked Bronzers. Baked in an oven, these bronzers offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. The long-lasting formula provides a luxurious, smooth and even application. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. Apply this shimmering color dry for sheer pigmentation, or use a damp brush or sponge for a more vibrant effect.
This silky smooth powder Bronzer creates a sun-kissed glow on any complexion for any season! Build your color easily for the perfect amount of radiance desired. The long-lasting formula blends into the skin evenly for a streak-free finish. A build-in mirror and brush are included for convenient, flawless application.
This ultra luxe makeup brush case is ideal for any makeup artist at heart! Perfect for on-the-go brush storage so you can travel with all of your favorite makeup brushes in one convenient case. The sleek, water-resistant case holds a full collection of brushes for protection and quick use. Provides 10 large brush slots for storage.
An anti-bacterial brush cleanser for thorough cleaning in-between makeup applications. Disinfects brushes to provide a fresh and clean application every time. Washes away traces of dirt, makeup, oil and debris from your brush while conditioning the hair to provide a clean and soft application for every use.
An anti-bacterial daily brush cleanser for quick cleaning in-between makeup applications. Disinfects brushes to provide a fresh and clean application every time. Cleaning brushes after each use with the Daily Brush Cleaner helps to keep your brushes last longer for extended use. New and improved leak-proof design for easy travel when you're on-the-go!
Hydrate your body with silky smooth moisture. The light and airy lotion moisturizes your skin, keeping it soft and supple all day long. These convenient Lotion Wipes are great for on-the-go travel and mess-free application. Just throw them in your purse or bag for soothing and refreshing moisture without carrying around a bulky lotion bottle.
This unique dual-sided sponge creates flawless makeup application. The fuzzy side delivers a soft natural look and the other flat side creates a full-coverage effect. Perfect for creating various makeup looks. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. 2-in-1 Sponge!
The stylish and sleek makeup compartments hold your brushes, makeup pencils, tools and more. The professional storage dividers keep everything organized for quick use. The luxurious material is easy to clean and durable for storing on countertops or in cabinets.
The e.l.f. Makeup Artist Brush Belt is made of an easy to clean faux leather material. The belt has an array of interior nylon pockets varying in size to accommodate all brush sizes. The center pockets are also designed to hold mascara, eye pencils, lip glosses or any other slender makeup product. An adjustable strap allows for the belt to be comfortably worn around the wais or over the shoulder. To protect brushes after use, fold the belt in half and close with the attached strap.
The stylish and sleek makeup compartment holds your brushes, makeup pencils, tools and more. The professional storage holder keeps everything organized for quick use. The luxurious material is easy to clean and durable for storing on countertops or in cabinets.
Forget the mess of liquid eye makeup remover and say hello to our easy to use Eye Makeup Remover Pads! Package is perfectly sized for travel and for the girl on-the-go, just throw it in your purse or gym bag! Simply swipe a remover pad over eye makeup when you're ready to remove, or use to correct eye makeup mistakes or smudges. Your eyes will feel fresh and clean with the gentle formula.
These convenient pads quickly and easily remove nail polish without the mess associated with bottled remover. Citrus scent and gentle formula leave nails fresh and soft. The compact, portable case is perfectly sized to bring with you for on-the-go nail emergencies! 24 pads included.
Accessorize your makeup bag with a little sparkle. This limited edition, gem-studded Travel Mirror is the perfect accessory for the girl who loves glitz and glam. The two-in-one compact mirror features a regular mirror on one side, and a magnifying mirror on the other side for quick beauty touch-ups when you're out and about!
The essential dual mirror compact with a chic velvet travel pouch. Great for quick on-the-go touchups. One side of the compact reveals a regular mirror while the other side has a 2X magnification mirror for easy viewing.
The ultimate case for ALL your beauty needs! The trendy design delivers complete storage, while the easy grip handle allows for ease of traveling. Great for everyday or your travel carry-all, it's the case for keeping your beauty products stylishly by your side anywhere!
Great for the fashionista at heart! Use this wristlet to carry the essentials when you're heading out the door, day or night. An ideal makeup bag to bring just what you need when heading to the gym, work or school. The removable wristlet attachment is great for easy access and to carry around.
Create a flawless manicure that reflects your personal style with our Nail Polish. This color-lock formula with chip resistant shield gives long lasting color with high shine. The bristle design glides color on flawlessly, and quick dry formula gives perfect application every time. Key nutrients infused with Vitamin E for stronger, healthier nails. 
Accent your manicure with dazzling Glitter Nail Polish. Each glitter top coat features different glitter effects for a range of sparkling options that best reflect your personal style. The bristle design glides color on flawlessly, and quick dry formula gives perfect application every time. Key nutrients infused with Vitamin E for stronger, healthier nails. 
Begin your manicure routine with our gem-studded Nail File Set! This limited edition nail file set sparkles and shines with each buff, and will leave your nails perfectly shaped. Pretty enough to throw in your purse for on-the-go nail emergencies!
Relieves dry nails and flakey cuticles in a convenient pen design. The Nourishing Cuticle Pen moisturizes cuticles effectively and the quick dry formula allows for a no mess application. Fortified with Vitamins E, A, C, Pro-Vitamin B5 and Aloe, this fast-acting complex deeply hydrates, nourishes and seals in moisture. The key ingredients Avocado and Almond Oils help to condition nails and cuticles for improved appearance. The result is softer, easy to manage cuticles and healthy hydrated nails.
Achieve healthy looking nails with our dual-end Cuticle Pushers. Each end is designed to fit snugly around the nail to push back cuticles and to clean under the nails for a well manicured look. For best results, use with our Nourishing Cuticle Pen! Set includes 2 clear plastic professional Cuticle Pushers.
These reusable Toe Separators are perfect for a flawless pedicure. Durable and comfortable foam separators allow for smudge-free application of nail polish. Pair with your favorite e.l.f. nail polish and nail tools to achieve salon-quality pedicures at home. Set includes 2 Toe Separators.
The Nail Block offers you a 4-step nail routine to remove rough edges, file, polish and buff away dry flakes leaving your nails smooth and shiny. The perfect prep for manicures with or without nail polish. 1 block included.
Start your manicure routine with our Nail File Set. This set includes one regular sized file and one mini file, ideal to throw in your purse when you're on-the-go! The dual sided file provides a long lasting surface so you can create expertly shaped nails. Pair with our Nail Block or other top-rated e.l.f. nail tools to achieve well manicured looking nails everyday.
Each Baked Palette features 10 gorgeous baked eyeshadows so you can achieve a flawless look whenever, wherever. The silky and blendable formula of our Baked Eyeshadow provides smooth and even application with each sweep of color. Baked in an oven, these eyeshadows offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. The long-lasting and shimmering color can be worn wet for a vibrant effect or dry for sheer pigmentation, offering a variety of gorgeous eye looks!
This convenient makeup collection for your eyes allows you to be your own makeup artist whenever, wherever. A great value for any makeup lover! The all-in-one compact includes 32 must-have eyeshadow shade, and the small sleek design is great for on-the-go beauty touch ups.
With endless colors & textures to choose from, the Professional 32-Piece Eyeshadow Palette lets you create your own personal look whenever you wish, wherever you are! All the must-have eyeshadow shades are here, along with a built-in mirror and double-sided applicator for flawless touch-ups.
This collection of 6 coordinating eyeshadow shades are designed to enhance and complement the color of your eyes. Create custom blended color to define and contour the eye for a flawless day or night look. The rich and highly pigmented formula can be used wet for vivid looks or dry for sheer color, and alone or layered for a luminous effect. 
Want impressive and expressive eyes? Then these limited edition Beauty Books are for you! This high quality, yet affordable eye makeup set allows you to achieve everyday professional results while creating the look that best reflects your personal style. Each popular Beauty Book includes a step-by-step guide to flawless eye makeup. Whether you choose one edition or the whole collection, you'll love these all-in-one palettes with must-have eye makeup essentials.
e.l.f. Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 208 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Want impressive and expressive eyes? Then these limited edition Beauty Books are for you! This high quality, yet affordable eye makeup set allows you to achieve everyday professional results while creating the look that best reflects your personal style. Each popular Beauty Book includes a step-by-step guide to flawless eye makeup. Whether you choose one edition or the whole collection, you'll love these all-in-one palettes with must-have eye makeup essentials.
Create flawless looking eyes with brilliant eyeshadow and an easy step-by-step application guide. This beautifully coordinated shadow gives you a professionally contoured and defined eye. The silky smooth formula glides effortlessly onto the skin for long-lasting color.
Luxuriously smooth, pigmented formula provides your eyes with a bright and beautiful sweep of rich color. The formula blends into skin for a long lasting, beautiful effect. Each quad is comprised of 4 coordinating shades that allow for both natural and dramatic looks. Built-in mirror and applicator included.
Express yourself with the easy to blend, crease resistant, creamy duo eye shadow colors. Each gorgeous shade can be worn alone or together for a dramatic effect. The soft-blending formula can also be layered under powder eye shadow to set the color in and keep it lasting vibrant all day.
If you'd like to add depth & dimension to your eyes… compliment your natural eye color… or just draw more attention to your eyes, then you'll love our Essentials Duo Eyeshadow. With 2 beautiful powder eyeshadows in 1 convenient component, our Two-in-One Makeup lets you wear each gorgeous shade alone or together 
Achieve color intensity for your eyes with twist-up ease - no sharpening required! Glide on the soft gel liner side to create dramatic definition to the eyes. The light-reflecting pigments help line the eye subtly but intensely for a fuller more enhanced effect. Use the smooth glide shadow stick side for soft highlighting color on the eyes to complement the liner for a polished and finished look. Perfect for creating an easy smoky eye!
e.l.f. Studio Eyeliner is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Shadow Stick is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create brows that are fuller, thicker, and more defined! The pigmented wax defines and shapes brows and the color complementing setting powder keeps them looking arched and perfected. The doubled sided taklon brush has one side to help arch your brows while the other side aids in filling them in. This duo provides lasting color definition for a naturally beautiful look.
e.l.f. Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create polished and defined brows for a flawless fuller look! The 'lift' pencil's sheer light-reflecting pigments act as an arch support under the brows to enhance and outline the shape for a more youthful and awakened look. While the 'fill' pencil shades in the eyebrow to blend in the natural shape, fill in any sparse areas and define the lines.
e.l.f. Brow Filler is a Brow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create a healthy and natural glow all year long with the Contouring Blush & Bronzing Powder. The Blush highlights the cheeks to add a flush of color, while the Bronzer accents and contours cheekbones for beautiful definition. This convenient compact has just what you need to achieve a gorgeous glow anytime, anywhere.
e.l.f. Contouring Blush is a Blush. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Bronzing Powder is a Bronzer. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ideal for all skin types, this dual cream bronzer and blush creates a sheer, natural wash of color on the skin. The lightweight cream-to-powder formula provides extended wear and allows you to layer for desired intensity. Sculpt eyes, cheeks, lips, body and anywhere you wish to highlight and contour with the rich cream formula.
The weightless and creamy shimmers instantly illuminate the eyes, lips, and face. Gives skin a healthy and natural glow. Mix and match colors to create your unique look.
e.l.f. Studio Shimmer is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create a healthy looking glow all year round! The sheer soft powders provide the perfect hue of color. Blend all 4 colors together to achieve a blend of perfection or choose your favorite color or colors to mix, match and blend.
e.l.f. Bronzer is a Blush. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
No smudging. No creasing. No caking. No looking back. An insider trick of the trade. Never heavy-handed, this lightweight primer creates a seamless canvas that keeps cream and powder color looking brilliant, fresh and just-applied all day. Smudgeproof Eyeshadow Base uses a unique polymer and mineral powder blend to get a firm grip on color for hours and hours of gorgeous wear. Fortified with a special deep-sea extract and an antioxidant rice extract, Smudgeproof Eyeshadow Base dries on contact and keeps the delicate eyelid smooth and prepared for eyeshadow application. Smudgeproof Eyeshadow Base is also a great multi-tasker: Use it as a primer for eyebrow pencils and lower-lash liners. Consider it an everyday essential.
Flower Beauty Kiss Stick Velvet Lip Color is a Lipstick that retails for $6.98 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani premieres the newest generation in lip gloss with Flash Lacquer. Flash Lacquer provides the highest reflection ever achieved, even after blotting lips. The shape and shine technology causes light to reflect off of every point of surface for a pure pop of color.
Drawn from jasmine petals and geranium leaves, aromatic flower waxes make this formula creamy, blendable, smooth. Line, define, accent, or shade—our pencil stays color-true on eyes or brow, while still respecting the delicate skin around the eye. 
Disney by Sephora Storylook Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Disney by Sephora Storylook Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 55 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Disney by Sephora Storylook Blush is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Disney by Sephora Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Disney by Sephora Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Super Lustrous Lipgloss for lusciously glossy lips. Moisturizing shine. Non-sticky feel. Revlon's updated Super Lustrous Lipgloss formula boosts hydration and provides an instantly plumped look while delivering glamorous color and shine. 
theBalm’s long-wearing, STAINING powder blush is a fashion must have! With six shades, perfect for all seasons and skin tones, it will give your cheeks color that won’t quit.
Disney by Sephora Golden Sands is a warm brown with a frost finish that is limited edition and retails for $55.00.
Harness the power of the ocean with marine extracts. Coconut water and natural actives come together in our gentle sulfate-free foaming cleanser that removes daily toxins and make-up. Deeply cleanse, balance and refresh tired skin. Remember, one of the best defenses against aging skin is daily cleansing.

Whether you desire the perfect touch of sun or a look that's tres soleil, Clarins' bronzing compact sets the tone for glowing summer skin with three sheer, sun-drenched powders in one chic compact.
At the very heart, a tiny golden treasure brings the dazzling look of sunshine to your skin. The innovative, dual-complex formula creates the flawless look of sun-kissed color.
Mineral Sunlight Complex: Mineral pigments for purity of color - combined with mother-of-pearl and gleaming with gold and copper reflections - brings a sun-flecked warmth to skin.
Light-Optimizing+ Complex: Soft-focus pigments, combined with mother-of-pearl, soften the look of wrinkles and imperfections for a radiant complexion all day.
This smooth, creamy, ultrahydrating lipstick offers a major plumping effect without the usual tingle. Encapsulated hyaluronic spheres help to promote hydration and fullness, while shea butter, coconut oil, chamomile flower wax, and vitamins C and E help moisturize, soothe, and protect lips.
Bobbi Brown Face & Body Bronzing Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.60 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Powder Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.37 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Bleuluxe #4 is a cool blue with a pearl finish that is permanent.
Five complementary shades that glide on and blend beautifully for infinite day-to-night looks and feature a matte to highly pearlized finish.
A contouring eye pencil for a big, beautiful look that lasts up to 12 hours. Enhance and enliven your eyes with the bold, long-wearing color of these eye pencils. The silky formula is resistant to water, heat, and humidity, ensuring up to 12 hours of smudge-less wear. 
Wet 'n' Wild Newport Nights #1 is a neutral beige with a matte finish that is limited edition.
A range of HIGH FASHION shades exclusive to Fergie and unavailable elsewhere in the mass market. The ultra-pigmented, intense shades are formulated with nylon-treated powder for silky-smooth, longwearing, high color payoff that last all day. Textures range from translucent highlights and subtle mattes to shimmering glitters.
Infused with our Happy Boost Blend featuring Happy Skin* and Euphoryl, natural plant extracts which have been shown to promote a feeling of happiness by mimicking the effect of Endorphins and helping protect the skin form environmental stress. The sweet scent of Violet provides a feeling of joy each time you apply.
Disney by Sephora Compact Mirror is a Tools that retails for $20.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Disney by Sephora Kiss the Girl is a Fragrance that retails for $58.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani No. 04 is a warm yellow with a luminous finish that is permanent and retails for $62.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
M·A·C celebrates the anniversary of its limited-edition Illustrator Bags with new designs by two massive talents. Each artist draws on creativity with stunning originality, transforming M·A·C makeup bags into mini-masterpieces. Award-winning illustrator Anja Kroencke presents her imaginative vision through black and white line drawings of elegant feminine faces with elaborate wavy hair. New York City graffiti artist and modern Renaissance woman Indie 184 has tagged the bags with her vibrant graphic street style. Lined interiors in complementing patterns, top zipper closure and a looped-end handle. Bag lovers, enhance your collections.
CoverGirl Flamed Out Shadow Pencil is a Eyeshadow that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
T3 Featherweight Luxe is a Tools that retails for $220.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Cyclopentasiloxane, Titanium Dioxide, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Isododecane, Isopropyl Myristate. May contain: Iron Oxides, Manganese Violet, Tin Oxide, Ultramarines, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica, Chromium Oxide, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Blue #1, Red #40, Yellow #5, Ferric Ferrocyanide.
Brush on the exquisite, water-light look of this ingenious lipgloss and discover perfect comfort in a sheer wash of colour. Making this a must-have for every lipgloss lover: a mirror-like shine that gives lips a fuller, more sensual look with the precision and ease of the built-in brush applicator.
Mica, Cyclopentasiloxane, Isododecane, Styrene/PVP Copolymer, Myristyl Myristate. May contain: Iron Oxides, Titanium Dioxide, Manganese Violet, Tin Oxide, Ultramarines, Chromium Oxide, Copper Powder, Bronze Powder, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Magnesium Myristate,Blue #1, Red #40, Yellow #5, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ferric Ferrocyanide, Silica.
One essential compact offers unlimited eye looks, with shade combinations that range from matte to satin to shimmer. Versatile smudge-proof formula can be applied dry for subtle shading, or dampened for more intense colour, all with long-wearing results --in even extreme climates. Dermatologist tested.
Chanel Ombre Fleuries is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hand mixed nail laquer: custom blended with lacquer base, cosmetic grade glitter, pigments and existing colors.
MAC 159 Duo Fibre Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $35.00.
Edward Bess Ombre Fleuries is a Eyeshadow.
Multi-reflective pearls provide a soft iridescence to highlight contour and add radiance to cheeks. Infused with Physician's Formula Happy Boost Blend, featuring Happy Skin and Euphoryl, natural plant extracts which have been shown to promote a feeling of happiness by mimicking the effect of Endorphins and helping protect the skin from environmental stress. The sweet scent of Violet provides a feeling of joy each time you apply. Hypoallergenic. Non-comedogenic. Paraben-free. Dermatologist approved.
bareMinerals READY® Color Boost is an innovative concept in solid mineral technology. Created through a unique cold-pressed method, this formula combines a proprietary SeaNutritive MineralTM Complex composed of positively-charged, antioxidant-rich sea minerals with cold-pressed camellia oil. Color Boost delivers skin-nourishing benefits for softer, smoother skin while enhancing the complexion with a subtle hint of fresh, radiant color.
Fyrinnae’s Arcane Magic Eyeshadows are specialized colours with a highlight that changes hue depending on how the light hits it (closer to or further from a light). Different light sources may show different shades, too (they do not show as well in sunlight as artifical light, and some may not appear to change at all). Please note that the Arcanes will probably look a little different in photos than in person because of the light-change effect.
Tired of high-tech lipsticks that suck all the moisture out of your lips? Us too! So we created an addictively luxe formula with insane color payoff. Urban Decay launches Revolution Lipstick, a classic, creamy formula you’ll love wearing—with the signature Urban Decay pigment-rich color you rave. This is rich, buttery lipstick at its best—intense pigment plus creamy shine. You’ll love EVERYTHING about it, from the act of applying it to the way it feels on your lips. Revolution Lipstick applies smoothly (without dragging or skipping) and hugs your lips. And the pigment load is amazing! Just one swipe gives you a BIG laydown of color.
We hear rabid fans resort to all kinds of extreme measures in the name of acquiring a long-ago-discontinued favorite shade of our nail polish. (Rumor has it some colors have fetched obscene sums upwards of $60 on eBay!) Enough with the insanity–UD polish is back and better than ever. Introducing Nail Color from Urban Decay. Ultra sophisticated and EXTREMELY limited edition, these gorgeous, decadent (and very UD) colors feature complex shade work, super-rich pigments and dynamic micro-sparkle. Each fall and spring, Wende and our product development team will handpick two new shades that reflect their take on the season. Our first launch features two iconic UD colors any self-respecting beauty junkie will want in their collection. But get them soon–because once they’re gone, they’re gone for good.
Urban Decay Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $22.00. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aqua (Water/Eau), Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Silica, Cyclohexasiloxane, Dimethicone, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Sodium Chloride, Camellia Oleifera Leaf Extract, Litchi Chinensis Pericarp Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Tribehenin, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Sodium Hyaluronate, Glycerin, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Dimethicone/Polyglycerin-3 Crosspolymer, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Polysorbate 20, Disodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Propylene Glycol, Carbomer, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. All shades may contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/77492/77499 (Iron Oxides).
Urban Decay launches Naked Skin Ultra Definition Finishing Powder. It’s the next evolution in Naked Skin: an addictively silky, weightless finishing powder with a luminous, demi-matte Naked finish. Designed to be virtually invisible on your skin, our high-tech formula blends flawlessly to set makeup and cut shine. Optical blurring pigments instantly minimize imperfections, diminish shine and create stunning soft-focus effect that looks professional retouched. Unlike powders that leave skin looking chalky or cakey, Naked Skin Finishing Powder gives you a radiant complexion and natural-looking Naked coverage. Apply it right after your foundation to set your makeup or use it throughout the day to touch-up.
We brought back our most popular shades from past collections for these pretty, hint-of-color glosses. Four limited edition shades in easy-to-use tubes give lips a sheer, beachy tint - wear them solo or over your favorite lipstick-without ever feeling heavy. Ideal for warm weather beauty.
Create multiple on-trend looks with one dual ended pencil. The dark end's rich color gives you an intense, bold look while the light end brightens and opens up the eyes.
Revlon Kajal Intense Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS debuts Brow Perfector—a velvety eyebrow pencil for seamless definition of the eyebrows with precision and ease. This highly-anticipated addition to the brand’s brow category offering helps beauty lovers achieve even, elegant brows and every desired angle of arch.
A propel/repel pencil allows you to reshape, fill, and design brows for a full and flawless, natural matte finish, while an innovative oval shape gives complete control over brow shape, angle, and size. Natural ingredients ensure brows are nourished, soft, and smooth.

A sheer, luxurious makeup base uses a combination of three different golden pearls to reveal a brighter complexion. White pearls illuminate the skin, while pink and yellow pearls add a rosy glow and subtle shimmer. The lightweight gel texture makes the Météorites Perles primer perfect for setting makeup in warmer weather, or on its own to enhance skin's natural radiance.

The iconic 5 Couleurs palette is embossed with Dior's lucky star. Eyeshadow palettes shimmer with iridescent shades in two different harmonies.
Dior Mystic Metallics Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Face Illuminator Powder is a face-illuminating hybrid with a soft rose gold shimmer that’s perfect for highlighting. The unique formula features high pearl levels that sweep on buildable, long-wearing color. Its bouncy texture allows for excellent color payoff, and its soft gold shimmer flatters all skintones.
It is a waterproof liquid liner in a shade so intensely black, it’s Blacquer. The calligraphy-shaped pen enhances ease of use, while giving you an expertly precise line every time.
It is a revolutionary mascara containing e-lash-tic lash™ technology that works like spandex to make lashes lifted, curvaceous and voluminous. No lash curler needed. It offers extreme wear that`s flake-proof, run-proof, life-proof. Yet, washes off with warm water. Available in Blacquer, the blackest black.
It is an innovative waterproof pencil eyeliner. The transformative gel formula allows the richest pigments and the smoothest application for intense color.
A highly pigmented, gellified lipstick with sleek, hydrating shine. Enough to make you fall in love, this habit-forming formula gently plumps with unique 3-D optical volumizers. Available in 16 vivid shades, each inspired by Marc`s favorite movies.
Inspired by Marc’s “shameless” tattoo. This patented powder brings unprecedented vibrancy to your cheeks. It excites with pure, unadulterated color. Available in 9 original shades. Best applied with the Blush ($38) Angled Blush Brush.
It is a super-sized bronzer with a unique radiant-matte finish. Available in Tantric, a universal shade that instantly beautifies skin. Best applied with The Bronze ($78) Bronzer Brush.
Contains refreshing mint, nurturing precious oils and SPF 18 protection to create an addictive burst of hydration. Available in Makeout.
Get smitten with this fresh take on nail enamel. Inspired by Marc’s highly lacquered coffee table, Enamored Hi-Shine Lacquer is formulated with patented bonding agents that deliver a plasticized, wet look, while the color-rich creams and fine glitters ensure vivid, chip-resistant wear. Choose from a vast array of shades inspired by Marc’s favorite movies. 
Features a tack-free and soft hold formula to lift and define brows. The custom applicator takes brows from wild to tame in one swipe. Available in Invisible.
Chic and luxurious makeup brush.
Chic and luxurious makeup brush.
Chic and luxurious makeup brush.
Each mini palette of shimmery metallics, buttery mattes, and lustrous sheens are made with advanced pigments that allow true, instant color payoff and long-lasting, plush performance. Shades are cleverly sized to suit your eye shadow needs. Marc invites you to play and become your own Style Eye-Con.
Made with advanced pigments that allow true, instant color payoff, and plush performance with the longest wear.
A sleek and skinny design of seven harmonized eyeshadows will make each Style Eye-Con No. 7 your new beauty essential. Each palette of shimmery metallics, buttery mattes, and lustrous sheens are made with advanced pigments that allow true, instant color payoff, and plush performance with the longest wear. These sets invite you to play and to become your own style icon
Chic and luxurious makeup brush.
An innovative powder-cream formula offers an enticing new way to blush with sheer yet vibrant pigments for instant luminosity. The silky texture offers a long-wear satin finish—soft and comfortable for every skin type—and is simple to apply with fingertips or brush.
Fresh Sugar Shine Lip Treatment is a Lipgloss that retails for $18.50 and contains 0.20 oz.
M·A·C’s Sheen Supreme Lipglass illuminates your lips with radiant, long-wearing color. The lightweight, high-shine formula features PH pigments that work with your body’s natural temperature to give you a fresh color that’s yours alone. It even features a clickable, pen-style brush so application is absolutely effortless.
Play up cheekbones with a shimmering color pop. This mosaic of three beautiful colors is perfect for layering on a lustrous highlight or creating a sophisticated sculpted look. 
Talc, Mica, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, PTFE, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Saccharin, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Vanillin, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Fruit Powder/Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Poloxamer 338, Silica. May Contain (+/-): Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Ultramarines (CI 77007). 
Be as rebellious as you want to be with this palette of 10 after-hours approved shadows in the deepest jewel tones, the prettiest metallics, and one scene-stealing pink. Also included is Too Faced’s signature Glamour Guide containing three eye looks that were designed to take the guesswork out of getting gorgeous. 
This versatile set of four perfectly paired shades are ideal for adding depth and dimension to your look. Sweep the collection together for allover, luminous color or use them individually to highlight the apples of the cheeks, the tops of the cheekbones, and the eyes. The palette comes with a sleek travel brush so you can touch up on the go.
Dare to wear intense color with eye studio color tattoo pure pigments eyeshadow. Double-dipped pigments create double color intensity for your most explosive eyes. The crease-proof formula with superior staying power wears for up to 24 hours.
LORAC Behind the Scenes Eye Primer is a Primer.
Go PRO with LORAC PRO Palette 3! The third edition to Lorac's original, best-selling PRO Palette, this PRO artistry palette is packed with 8 shimmer and 8 matte eyeshadows in all the soft and feminine shades you need to create the hottest looks straight from the Red Carpet. Lorac's velvety-smooth shadows are infused with soothing botanicals and are ultra-pigmented to perform wet or dry so you can shade, shadow, line and define your eyes, just like a PRO.
Celebrity Makeup Artist Carol Shaw created LORAC's unique, long-lasting, non-irritating eye shadow formula to use on and off the Red Carpet. This unique formula is infused with soothing botanicals such as Calendula and Cornflower. Shade, shadow, line and define with this versatile range of eye shadow colors that can be used wet or dry to create any Red Carpet look you desire.
New Brow Gel—a glossy, easy gliding gel to tame, tidy and groom eyebrows. A unique precision tapered brush adds shape and definition to every angle while creating a fuller, smoother brow look to perfectly set the symmetry of the face. Effortlessly elevate arches to new levels of artistry with a simple brush of the brows.

Guerlain’s newest blush encompasses 4 luminous colors: raspberry, pale pink, beige and coral, which work together to illuminate and highlight, leaving a velvety finish. Madame Rougit comes enclosed in a lacquered black box with a magnetic closure, and slips into an elegant suedette pouch with coral topstitching.
Guerlain’s new duo eye shadows are the perfect accessory for creating statement looks. Inside the slender gold case are 2 stunning colors—one a pure color and one a luminous veil. The pure color shadows are matte and intense, gliding on to create instant effect. The other serves as a veil, a sparkly or metallic texture that can add a layer of dazzling radiance.
Caudalie Divine Legs Tinted Body Lotion is a Bronzer that retails for $38.00 and contains 3.40 oz.
Clarins Splendours Shimmer Body Oil is a Highlighter that retails for $32.00 and contains 3.30 oz.
Sugarpill Hellatronic is a cool blue with a glitter finish that is permanent and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.19 oz.
Custom designed and developed with natural hair to be the perfect partner for the Tom Ford Traceless Foundation Stick, this brush flawlessly blends the product's creamy texture onto skin with a seamless look and delivers the right amount of product where needed. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.

It is a waterproof liquid liner in a shade so intensely black, it’s Blacquer. The calligraphy-shaped pen enhances ease of use, while giving you an expertly precise line every time.
This glossy Stain captures the shine of a gloss, color of a lipstick, and the long wear of a stain. Rebel Nudes is the first to premiere Euphoric Pearl technology for an all-day 3D luminous effect. 
A luxurious softening scrub with brown sugar and 4 natural oils (grape, argan, hibiscus and sesame) to nourish and moisturize.
Divine Scrub gently exfoliates dead skin cells for indulgently soft, delicately fragranced skin. Features our signature Divine fragrance, with notes of grapefruit, rose, pink pepper, vanilla and cedar.
Apply twice a week to damp skin, then rinse.
Inglot 16BJF Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $36.00.
Inglot 20T Synthetic Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $24.00.
Dior's Diorshow Fusion Mono Eyeshadow creates multidimensional, light-reflecting eyes in a single step. Its mousse-gel texture blends easily with the fingertips or the enclosed applicator. The eyeshadow illuminates the eye with a metallic finish and is available in eight iridescent shades.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Genius Gel Super-Charged Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Remedy Concealer Pen is a Concealer that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
This cream formula envelops lips in rich color with a semi-lustrous finish that lasts six to eight hours. The cushiony, lightweight texture feels comfortable, while pure olive oil and vitamin E nourish lips. Color glides evenly onto lips without skipping, dragging, feathering, or setting into fine lines. You’ll have the appearance of visibly fuller- and younger-looking lips in just one swipe.
Guerlain’s new retractable eye pencils transform eyes in an instant. The pencil’s clever combination of smooth waxes, luminous polymers and intense pigmentation allow it to create the perfect eye contour. Long-lasting, non-transferable and water-resistant, Guerlain’s eye pencil is amendable to every occasion.
Two new ombré eye color trio palettes masterfully shade and contour the eyes with an extraordinary play of contrast and light.
Sugarpill Cold Chemistry that is permanent and retails for $34.00 and contains 0.48 oz.
Outsmart aging with Kiehl's first multi-targeted corrective cream designed to reduce visible signs of aging with a combination of beech tree extract and jasmonic and hyaluronic acids. In just two weeks, Super Multi-Corrective Cream has been proven to lift, firm and smooth your skin. It's even safe for those with sensitive skin.
Created by Yves Saint Laurent’s International Creative Director of Beauty, Lloyd Simmonds, this concentrated nail color remains intense with shine and hold for at least four days. Enriched with chil rose bush oil to strengthen and protect nails, the formula has a quick drying time and comes with a new custom-made brush that allows an easy and fast application. The nail lacquer perfectly adheres to the brush that pulls the drop instead of pushing it for a flawless and intense result.
Inglot 27P Eye Brush is a Brush.
Inglot 18SS Eye Brush is a Brush.
Inglot 32T Eye Brush is a Brush.
NARS introduces Eye Paint, a must-have for beauty lovers who want to elevate their eye look. Housed in a brilliant pot of high-impact pigment, this versatile product can be used as both an eyeshadow and eyeliner. The innovative weightless gel formula delivers long-lasting color that glides on smooth and dries down quickly. When used as eyeliner, pair with the new Angled Eyeliner Brush #38 for a perfectly defined eye. Comes in 10 shades for a full range of artistry. Ophthalmologist Tested.
This is part of the Core Collection set and is not available individually.
This is part of the Core Collection set and is not available individually.
This is part of the Core Collection set and is not available individually.
This is part of the Core Collection set and is not available individually.
Real Techniques Expert Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $8.99.
The intuitive Tom Ford Eye Defining Pencil Pen features a fine calligraphy tip on one end and a pro brush on the other for the ultimate in precision lining. The deep carbon black liquid liner delivers a spectrum of effects from sleek lines to dramatic wing tips or a full doe eye.
For skin that seems lit from within, apply this smoothing liquid to clean, moisturized skin as an essential first step in any makeup routine. The gel formula, the first makeup base with pearls of light, is made of an exclusive color-control base to camouflage blemishes and discoloration, combined with pearlescent extracts to capture and reflect light and blur the appearance of fine lines without adding shine. In one step, this extraordinary formula perfects the complexion, and can be used before makeup or on its own.
Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ethyl Macadamiate, Dimethicone, Boron Nitride, Silica, Nylon-12, Magnesium Myristate, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Talc, Polybutene, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Lauroyl Lysine, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, o-Cymen-5-ol, Water/Eau, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Tin Oxide (in 34888, 34889), Aluminum Hydroxide (in 34887, 34889), [+/- (MAY CONTAIN/PEUT CONTENIR): Mica, Titanium Dioxide/CI 77891, Iron Oxides/CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, Manganese Violet/CI 77742, Ultramarines/CI 77007, Red 40 Lake/CI 16035, Ferric Ferrocyanide/CI 77510, Carmine/CI 75470, Black 2/CI 77266, Blue 1 Lake/CI 42090].
These long-lasting, richly-pigmented formulas contain a jet-milled base and silicone technology for satiny-smooth, crease-resistant wear. Enriched with macadamia oil, each shadow provides continuous moisture that improves the appearance of the delicate eye area.
Our standard powder brush provides moderate coverage but enables you to easily achieve a seamless finish.
Our standard powder brush provides moderate coverage but enables you to easily achieve a seamless finish.
Our standard powder brush provides moderate coverage but enables you to easily achieve a seamless finish.
MAC Lip Palette is a Lip Palette that retails for $27.50 and contains 0.13 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Antonio Lopez Makeup Bag is a Tools that retails for $40.00.
MAC Antonio Lopez 129SE Powder/Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $38.50.
MAC Antonio Lopez Tote is a Tools that retails for $55.00.
MAC Antonio Lopez Mirror is a Mirror that retails for $25.00.
MAC Face Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $46.00 and contains 0.45 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Iridescent Powder is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This spiral brush is used to style eyebrows and correct their shape, as well as separate lashes before or after mascara application. This brush can also be used to spread mascara along the length of the lash, and wrap lashes after mascara application.
An oval-shaped sponge applicator that collects and applies pigments and pearly textures precisely so the product doesn’t fall beneath the eyes. It is also great for blending pencils on the eye contour. The applicator is refillable.
KBShimmer The Grape Beyond is a neutral purple with a matte finish that is permanent and retails for $8.75 and contains 0.50 oz.
The Hair used for this brush is resilient yet soft goat. Its hair length and shape enables you to achieve soft and natural coloring. With this eye shadow brush, you can naturally smudge and blend eye shadow. It also can be used with all types of products - liquid or cream base makeup and even powder.
The bristles are superbly soft on your skin and enable you to achieve natural blending of colors. You can naturally smudge and blend eye shadow, even for bright and vivid colors.
The bristles are made from resilient yet soft goat that can produce great coloring. Smudging and blending colors can be easily achieved. Also ideal for highlighting.
Smudging and blending colors can be easily achieved. Also ideal for highlighter.
An ultra-smooth long-wearing pencil to line and define with ease. This creamy liner glides on smoothly with foolproof precision to create customizable eye definition. The water-proof formula ensures vibrant colour payoff that lasts all day.
This medium, dense kabuki brush with tapered bristles that form a point provides flexibility for even greater firmness and precision than with a traditional kabuki. Use with all types of foundation on larger surfaces to get a quick and even result. Its short and slender handle offers a controlled application.
A medium, dense, domeshaped brush that is used to achieve smooth and even application of all loose and compact powders. Due to its thickness and density, it offers moderate to high product payoff and its long handle offers a grip further from the tuft of the brush for increased movement when applying.
Tom Ford's brush collection is designed to bring ease and luxury to the process of creating your look - they make expert makeup application completely effortless. Disperse powder evenly all over the face with this luxuriously soft and smooth brush made with natural hair. Designed to pick up the optimal amount of product to achieve gorgeous and radiant skin. It can also be used as an all-over-face blending tool to smooth lines and create a seamless look after makeup is applied. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
Tom Ford's brush collection is designed to bring ease and luxury to the process of creating your look - they make expert makeup application completely effortless. Achieve concise cheek color application easily with this ultra-soft brush developed with natural hair. It allows complete versatility: layer color to desired intensity or sheer it down to transparency. Handle is designed for true comfort and balance.
This is a larger variation of a foundation brush for applying and blending ultrafast for an even result with fuller coverage. It can be used with all types of foundations and features straight fibers. 
This flat brush features firm, straight fibers and a broad, pointed tip. It is ideal for to blending and touching up foundations and concealers on large areas, while the pointed tip can also be used where more control is required. This brush can be used with cream and liquid products. 
The bristles offer moderate elasticity and therefore produce great color. Natural blending of colors is easy to achieve.

This brush offers easy control even for makeup beginners. Apply highlighter to the parts of your face you would like to accentuate, such as bridge of the nose and around the eyes.
A revolutionary new lip product that combines the texture and shine of a gloss with the long wear of a stain.
This brush promises sheer coverage. Apply highlighter to the parts of your face you would like to accentuate, such as bridge of the nose and around the eyes.
This brush promises sheer coverage. Apply highlighter to the parts of your face you would like to accentuate, such as bridge of the nose and around the eyes.
Urban Decay launches Anarchy Face Case and Shattered Face Case—all-in-one palettes for the most discriminating beauty junkies. Each LIMITED-edition Face Case includes colors for your eyes, lips and cheeks (many of them NEW and EXCLUSIVE), giving you all the essentials for a range of looks. Perfect for quick getaways, rushed mornings and last-minute invites to stay the night, these travel-size palettes fit stealthily into your bag—making it easy to create a hot look no matter where you are.
Our must-have blusher brush! This roundish brush head provides a smoother and more even application of makeup. It creates great color and holds powder well, helping you achieve your desired finish.

The bristles are resilient and create great color. This roundish brush head is also ideal for highlighter or eye shadow base.

Discover a revolutionary new lipstick that feels weightless while delivering pure color impact. The wax-free formula comforts with lip-nourishing hydration and provides long-lasting, breathable color.
The bristles are resilient and create great color. This roundish brush head is also ideal for highlighter or eye shadow base. Synthetic fibers extend slightly further than the goat hair, and this specification means that the bristles have more spring which enables them to pick up just the right amount of product. This helps create a smooth finish to your makeup, while also helping it last even longer. Also ideal for applying glittery powder.
Our must-have blusher brush! This roundish brush head provides a smoother and more even application of makeup. It creates great color and holds powder well, helping you achieve your desired finish.
Define dramatic, sexy eyes with highly pigmented color that lasts all day and all night. This high-performance waterproof pencil glides on like a gel without tugging or breaking and gives you time to blend before holding in place. No smudging. No transferring. This is the eyeliner you’ll want to experience again and again. A sharpener is included with every pencil, so you’re always on point.
The bristles are resilient and create great color. This roundish brush head is also ideal for highlighter or eye shadow base.
This lightweight cream-to-powder blusher blends effortlessly when applied and creates a soft, matte effect. Not only does it produce a beautiful, flawless finish, it is super easy to apply: simply build and blend with fingers or an Illamasqua brush to highlight your complexion.
Irresistibly Sexy Blushing Glow: Wear this perfect blend of shimmery blushing tones like lingerie for your face for an instant sexy boost with an alluring blushing glow.
Tom Ford Beauty Eyeliner & Definer (15) Brush is a Brush that retails for $50.00.
Tom Ford Beauty Eyeshadow (11) Brush is a Brush that retails for $55.00.
Tom Ford Beauty Eyeshadow Blend (13) Brush is a Brush that retails for $55.00.
This eyebrow brush enables you to quickly achieve a natural finish to your brows. The bristles are made from resilient horse that can produce great coloring.
The bristles made from horse are elastic, durable and produce great color. The hair length is relatively short, which provides good control and creates great coloring.
Use this very popular brush if you want full coverage on your brow by applying liquid product or you desire very thin brows. Also can be used as eyeliner.
Use this very popular brush if you want full coverage on your brow by applying liquid product or you desire very thin brows. Also can be used as an eyeliner brush.
This small, flat, tapered brush is ideal for shading and offers precise application on the lid and along the lash line. It features straight fibers, and can be used with creams, as well as loose and pressed powders. 
This small, firm brush has a flat, round head for generous product application. It can be used to deliver even, intense color to the eyelids, and features straight fibers for use with creams, as well as loose and pressed powders. 
This long, pointed brush is ideal for precise application and blending in the crease of the eye. The softness of the bristles allows for meticulous control similar to a calligraphy brush. It features straight fibers, and can be used with both loose and pressed powders. 
This thin brush features straight fibers and a tapered, pointed tip for precise makeup application. It has a medium firmness for light to moderate coverage, and can be used with creams and liquids, as well as loose and pressed powders. 
Introducing True Colour Crème Eye Shadows in Champagne Shimmer and Starry Night. Long-wearing, waterproof and resistant to settling into creases, this hydrating, smooth-as-silk formula is incredibly easy to apply and even easier to admire. 
This supple, dense brush features soft, wavy fibers that can be used to blend and smudge products on the eyelid and browbone, to shade the crease of the eye, and to highlight the browbone. It can be used with creams, as well as loose and pressed powders. 
This multipurpose brush’s soft, long fibers expertly blend and lightly apply a range of eye shadow formulas. Use to apply your favorite eye shadow all over the eyelid or to add a subtle highlight or dusting of shimmer. This brush can be used with creams as well as loose and pressed powders. 
Giorgio Armani Color Icon Eyeshadow Trio is a Eye Palette that retails for $2.99 and contains 0.12 oz.
Giorgio Armani Color Icon Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow.
Sleek MakeUP Sunset #6 is a cool blue with a frost finish that is permanent and retails for $9.99.
Add the finishing touches to your look with this brush that dusts, wipes, and redistributes powders along your features. The flat fan shape allows for even and soft definition, making it an ideal tool for gently sweeping bronzing powder, illuminator, or even tinted moisturizer on the face. A must-have for clean-up, this brush can also be used to fan away excess product like eye makeup fallout, without leaving traces in its wake.

Brighten and sculpt your facial features in a single gesture with this angled brush. The slanted-bristle design easily hugs the contours of the face for even, precise application that pronounces your cheeks in a simple sweep.
New research at several major universities has proven that world-famous White Tea is among the most potent antioxidants, anti-agers, anti-stress, anti-smoke, anti-pollution antidotes. Now its perfect-protective powers are energized and optimized while skin is deeply moisturized. Ferment of Sugarcane acts like a mini-sparkplug to up skin's ability to neutralize free radicals before they deface skin. Murumuru Butter maximizes skin's moisture barrier. Rose Fruit Oil hydrates. Centella Asiatica firms. Vitamin C brightens and helps even out skin tone. And aromatic Orange, Bergamot and Spearmint fortify the feel-good factor. Keep your skin in A Perfect World™ 24/7.
New research at several major universities has proven that world-famous White Tea is among the most potent antioxidants, anti-agers, anti-stress, anti-smoke, anti-pollution antidotes. Now its perfect-protective powers are energized and optimized while skin is deeply moisturized. Ferment of Sugarcane acts like a mini-sparkplug to up skin's ability to neutralize free radicals before they deface skin. Murumuru Butter maximizes skin's moisture barrier. Rose Fruit Oil hydrates. Centella Asiatica firms. Vitamin C brightens and helps even out skin tone. And aromatic Orange, Bergamot and Spearmint fortify the feel-good factor. Keep your skin in A Perfect World™ 24/7.
A small, pointed and dense brush for applying foundation with added precision. The density of the tuft and pointed shape provide more coverage, and are ideal for areas like smile lines and eyelids.
A small, dense, tapered and round kabuki brush for precise application of foundation around the eyes, nose and lips with moderate coverage. Its short and slender handle offers better control in application.
This is the classic “foundation brush” used by make up enthusiasts. It is a small, tapered, flat brush with wide bristles ideal for applying and blending cream or liquid foundations accurately and quickly for an even result all over.
A large, flat and rounded brush for applying and blending all kinds of foundation quickly on large areas. Use for an even, high-coverage result. It also works well for applying make up to the shoulders and décolleté.
A medium, tapered brush with a blend of fibers and a larger head for generous application. This brush can be used to apply all types of foundation precisely and generously for moderate to full coverage.
This iconic fan-shaped brush was originally designed to clean off excess product from the face or under the eyes. Its shape also delivers artistic results such as watercolor and circular effects, and it can also be used to dust on glitter.
A large, flared brush with two different bristle heights in two colors for multi-purpose use. Its airy head is used to apply powder or liquid foundations with subtlety and softness for a natural and translucent result. The soft bristles are also ideal for applying make up to sensitive skin.
A dome-shaped, dense kabuki brush that was inspired by the tools used in traditional Japanese theater make up. This finishing powder staple ensures a smooth and even application to create a lightweight and flawless result. Its short and slender handle offers a controlled application.
A classic, soft-bristle brush with a large, round, dome-shape for quick and lightweight application of all types of powder. Thanks to its soft and ample head, the brush offers a light product payoff and can be used on the face and body.
A flat, very supple, rounded kabuki that is ideal for sculpting the face using loose powder. Its unique head is ideal for light and even powder coverage on large areas when used flat, or when the tip of the brush is used it can sculpt more precise areas.
This large, rounded, fan-shaped brush with supple, yet firm wavy fibers is most often used to enhance the neckline and illuminate the face by sculpting light and shadows. It can also be used to remove excess powder from the face and body.
Designed for highlighting the cheek and brow bones, the brush’s small, rounded shape allows for generous product collection, while its soft fibers provide moderate product payoff for adjustable coverage.
Ideal for giving the cheeks a natural healthy glow, this flat, rounded brush with a slightly tapered tip is longer to help diffuse product. It can be used to shade and highlight the face and provides light to moderate product payoff.
A medium, flat brush with a pointy tapered tip for multi-purpose highlighting and sculpting on cheeks and eyes, providing light to moderate product payoff.
This small, flared dualpurpose brush provides a light finish with a simple, ethereal touch. It is ideal for use with powder and cream product for shading, coloring or highlighting, and its small size creates a precise application of blush and highlighters. Its extreme softness is also well-suited for applying make up to sensitive skin.
This extra dense, round brush with a flat tip is designed like a shaving brush with firm bristles for creating a high performance doll-like blush effect. It can be used to achieve a controlled powder blush application by making small circular movements, or to blend colors quickly on the skin.
A double-ended brush with a rounded side and a slanted side for sculpting and highlighting. Use the slanted side to create a shadow under the cheekbones, and the domed side to highlight or color.
A long, slender brush with a tapered pointy tip for applying and blending blush easily on the skin and lifting the cheekbones. It is similar to a calligraphy brush and is used by some make up artists to create designs on the face and body.
A straight, very fine, pointed brush with the firmness of a sharp eyeliner. The thin and pointed brush allows you to draw very thin lines like a fountain pen to correct the smallest imperfections and even minor wrinkles.
This straight, flat, beveled brush is used for precise application of concealers and correctors to cover up imperfections such as dark circles and wrinkles. Professional make up artists working on television sets also use this brush to define the lip contour and plump the shape of the mouth to make actresses look younger.
A small, firm, flat brush used to apply and blend concealer to cover imperfections with a natural finish.
This very firm, supple, professional-use brush is beveled to sculpt and transform the face using shading and highlighting. Featuring straight and wavy fibers, it can be used with loose and compact powder, and is ideal for applying powder blush and sculpting kits. 
The shape and soft fibers of this supple, rounded brush make it an essential tool for adding delicate highlights to the face and body. It features wavy fibers, and is ideal for applying highlighting powders and creams for generous coverage. 
This medium, trapezoid-shaped brush allows for a more precise application of powders with buildable product payoff. It also is great for face painting.

This classic blush brush quickly and easily adds a healthy glow to the complexion. Its versatile size and shape is adapted for all types of blush application. Featuring wavy fibers, it can be used with loose and compact powders.

A fan shaped brush that creates a sweeping effect for the eyes. Its shape is used to delicately eliminate excess powder and unwanted particles beneath the eyes for a sharp make up result.
This small, flat and slightly tapered brush is used to apply and smudge all textures along the lash line and contour area with high precision. Its firmness offers a more controlled application.
This double-ended shading and smudging brush features one side with a short, rounded and tapered brush for applying shadow, and the other with a rounded and tapered tip sponge applicator to blend and smudge.
A small, short and tapered brush that is used to blend and smudge product in the eye contour. Its firmness allows for controlled use on the upper eyelids.
This small, short and extra dense, rounded brush is used for applying product to a specific area, such as the lash line and eyelids. Its density allows the brush to generously grab product for an intense result.
Medium, rounded and tapered brush used to blend and smudge any eye shadow. With its tapered tip and supple fibers, it can reach small areas like the inner corner of the eye or the lash line for a very precise result.
This medium, rounded and dense brush is used to precisely smudge products in the crease of the eye. Due to its density, product collection is generous with high payoff.
Featuring new technology, this flat, pointed silicone applicator is designed to collect and precisely apply shimmery loose powders and glitter without the product scattering or falling beneath the eyes. Its pointed tip allows for very accurate application.
A medium, flat, tapered brush that is thicker at the bottom and slimmer on top. Its width is used to quickly apply and blend all types of eye products on the eyelids and brow bone with moderate to intense product payoff.
A large, flat and tapered brush with flexibility for applying, blending and smudging all types of eye products quickly. Its thin shape provides light to moderate product payoff.
This medium, dense, beveled brush is meant to be used at an angle parallel to the skin like a blending brush. Handy for beginners, its angled shape is used for an even and consistent application of products to the upper eyelid. Its fibers offer moderate to high product payoff.
An eye shadow brush staple that is round, soft and firm. With the width of the head and wavy fibers, it delicately smudges shadow on large areas for an easy and quick application.
This medium square brush has a straight head that is used for even and consistent application of eye shadow. On its flat side, it can be used for blending and smudging. The defined tip it used by professionals to create wide and graphic applications.
A short, extra-dense paddle brush recommended for applying make up to the upper eyelid. Thanks to its size, this brush is used to apply and blend products on the entire eye area (eyelid and brow bone). Due to its density, the product collection is generous, and its fibers offer moderate to high product payoff.
A practical large, flat brush that has dense fibers perfect for quick applications on the entire surface of the eyelid. Use for moderate to heavy product payoff and to blend products quickly and evenly.
Transparent pouch of 6 sponge head refills for brush #222: three oval-shaped applicators and three thin applicators with a pointed tip. These two shapes of applicator easily catch and release make up, avoiding pigments or pearls scattering or falling beneath the eyes. The oval applicators are used to apply products on the eyes, and the thin applicators are used to deposit or blend textures with high precision.
A long, fine brush that offers flexibility when applying eye liner with cream or liquid make up. Product payoff will vary depending on the amount of pressure used during application.
A long, dense eye liner brush that is used to draw thicker, more intense lines. It can also be used in special effects to create tattoos and other complex designs on the body.
A flat, very short brush that is used to apply eye liner along the lash line. The stiff-bristled tip is used to draw extremely fine lines and the flat side is used for wide, sharp and graphic lines.
A small, flat mini paddle brush that offers controlled and buildable application. Its tip is used to draw thin lines and its flat side is used for thicker lines, the firm bristles allowing for precise application.
This straight, classic brush is angled to hug the shape of the eye, creating think or thin lines by varying the application pressure. It can be used for both precise lines, as well as smudging for buildable results.
A short and firm angled brush that is used to fill in eyebrows with precision, as well as blend brow pencils for a natural result.
This 2-in-1 brush works to both fill-in and define brows with the angled brush side, and separate lashes or groom brows with the spiral brush side. This brush is a practical tool that is very useful for quick application and grooming.
Double-headed eyebrow brush and eyelash comb. Use the brush side to shape and style eyebrows and the comb side to separate lashes after mascara application.
This retractable lip brush is practical and perfect to slip into your make up bag for daily touch ups. A rounded, dense brush quickly applies any lip product, while the cap protects the brush for hygienic application.
A classic, extra-firm, round lip brush ideal for applying any lip product. The firmness of this brush allows a generous deposit of product, as well as precise definition. This brush can also be used for concealer and corrector in very small, specific areas of the face.
This medium-sized, paddle-shaped brush is flexible and has no sharp angles, which allows it to blend evenly for either a bold or a natural look. It is especially useful for the eyebrow arch and the eyelid. It features straight fibers and can be used with creams, as well as loose and pressed powders.

The angled edge of this brush allows for precise and controlled lip color application along the lip line while its flat side is ideal for filling in. It features straight, flexible fibers, and can be used to blend lip pencils, lip glosses, or lipsticks with ease to create precise definition or modify the lip shape.

This short, firm brush allows for controlled and dense application along the lashline. It can be used with cream or liquid formulas to create a classic eyeliner look.

This brush is ideal for beginners because the bent handle allows for greater control while viewing the area of application. The small head can access the tightest corners of the inner eye, depositing the perfect amount of product to create a precise, clean look. The brush features straight fibers, and can be used with creams and liquids.

What it is: A powder brush. What it does: The Météorites Brush mixes all the different shades into separate color harmonies, creating a genuine veil of perfection for a women's face. This soft-bristle brush picks up just the right amount of powder for a flawless finish.

Guerlain Eye Palette is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Mascara Gel Irise Sparkling Mascara Top Coat is a Mascara that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A full-coverage lip color with the shine of a lacquer and the staying power of a stain. This intensely colorful formula forms a non-sticky, thin, lacquered film that protects the lips and stays in place for hours. The maxed-out pigment level achieves the highest possible color payoff without compromising the silky feel of the texture. The angled, dense sponge applicator was designed for a fast, easy, and precise application. 
A full-coverage, long-lasting lipstick with the comfort of a balm. This highly-pigmented lipstick delivers rich, intense color and a velvety matte finish while protecting and nourishing the lips all day long. A combination of essential oils and waxes ensures a long-lasting result that won’t feather or transfer. It comes in a sleek, high-gloss metallic case with a magnetic closure.
A revolutionary mascara formula inspired by ultra lightweight hairstyling pomades. Punker Lash Wax provides a ridiculous amount of volume to create the boldest, thickest lashes ever without weighing them down. Because this creamy wax-based formula does not dry or harden on lashes, it will never flake or create fallouts, even when multiple layers are applied. Thanks to a special curling resin, lashes have noticeably more curl after just one week of daily use. The slightly curved, oversized brush with flexible bristles is designed to coat the lashes with a maximum amount of wax, evenly and without clumps. 
Isododecane, Synthetic Wax, Hydrogenated Polydicyclopentadiene, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Polybutene, Glyrecyl Tribehenate/Isostearate/Eicosandioate, Nylon-12, Polyethylene, Perfluorononyl Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Diisostearate/Polyhydroxystearate/Sebacate, Synthetic Beeswax, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl, Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Iron Oxides (CI77491/77492/77499), Mica (CI77019), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI77510).
A high-performance primer that feels amazing on the skin. This silicone-free, water-based formula brings a refreshing burst of hydration and as it firms and absorbs excess oil in the skin. Fast-acting hydrators give an instant soft, supple texture to the skin while pore tightening ingredients prep the skin for perfect foundation application. The absence of silicone in the formula ensures a lightweight texture that won’t clog pores and a matte finish that will last throughout the day. Use alone for a fresh, natural look or before foundation for a smooth, flawless palette. 
A perfecting lip color pencil that enhances the natural beauty of the lips. The creamy formula of Americana Lip Pencil glides on silky smooth for sexy, soft lips. Shea, cocoa, and shorea butters moisturize, nourish, and soothe lips while antioxidants provide protection against the sun’s harmful rays. This pencil is available in five natural lip color shades: Delancey, Bowery, Houston, Essex, and Kenmare. The convenient propel/repel delivery system is great for touch-ups on the go. 
Punker eyeliner is easier to use than traditional liquid liners and offers endless application possibilities. Its oversized felt tip applicator tapers to a precise point for maximum versatility. The short, thick design allows for optimum control during application while the high-performance formula glides on smoothly and dries quickly for a long-lasting finish. 
Punker eyeliner is easier to use than traditional liquid liners and offers endless application possibilities. Its oversized felt tip applicator tapers to a precise point for maximum versatility. The short, thick design allows for optimum control during application while the high-performance formula glides on smoothly and dries quickly for a long-lasting finish. 
A waterproof, matte charcoal eyeshadow pencil that doubles as eyeliner. Bring some rock-and-roll edge back into smoky eyes with this matte charcoal eyeshadow pencil. Punker Smoky Shadow makes it easy to create a complete smoky eye look in seconds. Just apply on the entire eyelid, smudge with fingers to create a diffuse smoke effect, and then sharpen the pen, line your eyes, and rock on. Blending is not required. The waterproof formula contains volatile silicone oil for ultimate staying power. 
A show-stopping blend of ultra-fine pearl powders. Designed with the perfect mix of colors and iridescence, Modster Eye Powder creates dramatic light-catching effects and brings instant sophistication to any makeup look. It can also be layered on top of contrasting eye shadow colors to create unique multi-dimensional effects. 
A sheer black lip gloss pencil with a wet-shine finish. Take your lip color from off-stage to on-stage in an instant with this wet-shine black lip gloss pencil. Apply over lipstick or under lip gloss to add a dark, sexy edge to your everyday lip color. Wear alone for a more “everyday” alternative to solid black lips. 
Cut as miniature pyramid-shaped studs, these skin jewels are made of premium crystal to create spectacular light-catching effects. The jewel box-inspired glass jar contains 25 reusable crystals in two different sizes and styles. Apply on the skin using the included eyelash adhesive or on nails using nail glue. 
A lip balm that protects and primes with a cool, minty kick. Boom Base provides all-day moisture and protection to the lips with a cool peppermint scent to freshen breath and a slight green tint to neutralize lip color. Soft-focus effect powders blur skin texture for visibly softer, sexier looking lips. The weightless formula conditions and smooths the lips to prep for lip color application and prevent feathering. Layer as desired for added moisture and a color-neutralizing effect. 
Guerlain Perfumed Shimmer Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $89.00 and contains 0.61 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Play up eyes when you create a unique variety of coordinating eyes looks this season with this set of 24 shades. From everyday nudes to vivid brights in an array of matte, pearl, shimmer, and iridescent finishes, each color is expertly arranged into six quad stories for effortless application. Infused with a patented formulation and triple jet-milled powder, each shadow offers luxurious texture and effortless, color-packed pigment in one sweep—and they’re formulated with rose extract and vitamins A, C, and E to keep eyelids hydrated and protected. This eye shadow set makes the ultimate gift for the makeup lover in your life to experiment with countless eye looks, and to experience stay-put, smudge-free, and crease-free color this holiday season. 
L'Oreal The Magic Top Coats is a Nail Lacquer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Joy to the Girls that is limited edition and retails for $46.00 and contains 1.40 oz.
Too Faced Makeup Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $46.00 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Carbon Black is a black that is permanent.
Too Faced Lip Injection Color Bomb! is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Raindrops on Roses is a warm pink with a frost finish that is limited edition.
NARS Cinematic Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Cinematic Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Face Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $58.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Be Merry, Be Bright Makeup Palettes is a Makeup Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Spice is a warm brown with a frost finish that is limited edition.
MAC Divine Night Mineralize Skinfinish is a Cheek Palette that retails for $33.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Radiance Powder is a Powder that retails for $69.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Stroke of Midnight Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.50 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Stroke of Midnight Eye Bag is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.50. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Stroke of Midnight Face Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $49.50. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Stroke of Midnight Lip Bag is a Lip Palette that retails for $30.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Stroke of Midnight Lip & Cheek Bag is a Makeup Palette that retails for $59.50. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Face Palette is a Blush that retails for $88.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarina Tarantino 8-Pan Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $48.00 and contains 0.72 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarina Tarantino Hollyhock is a warm brown with a satin finish that is limited edition.
Isn’t he adorable? Inspired by the smallest penguins in the world (found on Philip Island, Australia), we’ve invented our very own tiny penguin for bubbly bathtime fun. Crumble yours under running water to create bubbly orange flower and bergamot glaciers - lovers of our Olive Branch shower gel will recognize Christmas Penguin’s fresh, cheery fragrance. Popping in the tub with this penguin is perfect way to relax after a long stressful day!
Heat up your holidays with this sweet and spicy bomb inspired by fireside gatherings with family and friends. We combine crackling vegan candies with stimulating cinnamon leaf oil to recreate the warmth of the hearth. This spicy soak also has hydrating almond oil to keep your skin super soft and smooth. With a bathtub so inviting, you can skip the open fire and curl up with this fizzer instead.
Our Melting Snowman Luxury Bath Melt returns this year with his skin-softening legacy and warming hot toddy scent. Cocoa and Shea butters and almond oil moisturize and soften the skin to perfection. Spicy cinnamon and clove oils combine with sweet orange and lime, creating the ultimate holiday fragrance that just makes us want to sink into a hot bath on a cold, snowy night. Drop this under the tap while it's still running and sink in to watch him dissolve like a real snowman, carrot nose and all.
Golden Wonder is back again this year and we can’t wait to hop in the tub with this fizzy golden gift! It simply wouldn’t be a LUSH Christmas without soaking in its soft citrus fragrance; a gorgeous, uplifting blend of sweet orange, lime and cognac oils. Drop this best-seller in your bath and watch it put on a colorful show as the vibrant gifts inside reveal themselves and leave you with soft, champagne-scented skin.
This year we have completely transformed the traditional LUSH Pud. The first thing you'll notice is the deep purple color of the base, studded with polka dots of color that float to the surface making pastel islands in the water. Then you'll inhale the magnificent aroma of lavender oil, sweet benzoin and comforting tonka absolute. You may recognize the scent from our best-selling year-round bomb Twilight. Sink in for a fluffy, frothy end-of-day soak, relax, release your worries and emerge for a restful slumber.
If you fell in love with Sandy Santa last year (like the rest of us!) you'll be so happy to hear he's back and better than ever. The sand and sugar buffs and polishes dull winter skin to reveal a bright, toned complexion. This year we've made it even more beneficial for the skin by adding coconut oil, murumuru and Shea butters so he leaves skin feeling oh-so-soft and moisturized. The orange, rose and sandalwood oils not only tone and soften, but also make up the uplifting fragrance we missed all year!
Celebrate has been a best-seller in Japan for years – and we’ve finally brought it to North America, just for Christmas! A rich, creamy body lotion, Celebrate deeply hydrates and softens with almond oil and cocoa butter, while its intoxicating blend of orange flower, lime, benzoin and cognac oil perfumes the skin with a champagne fragrance that lingers for hours. Indulge in this decadent cream before going out for the night or after a relaxing bath with our Golden Wonder Bath Bomb.
A luxuriously soft and sweetly-scented cleanser, Let The Good Times Roll is made with maize flour and corn meal to gently exfoliate, and a dash of cinnamon powder to cleanse and warm cold winter skin. Its rich, velvety texture leaves your skin perfectly balanced, glowing and smelling like sweet and salted caramel corn. No wonder this cleanser is so popular!
MAC RiRi Hearts MAC Makeup Bag is a Tools that retails for $40.00.
NARS 4-Pan Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $49.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2013 Lip Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2013 Makeup Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $59.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Powder Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Larger Than Life Long-Wear Eyeliner Set is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Nail Polish Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS 6-Pan Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.84 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS NARS x Guy Bourdin Cosmetic Pochette is a Tools that retails for $75.00.
About Makeup Geek Pigments:
- These are all highly-pigmented – just check out the swatches!
- Jars are rated for 1.5 grams of product weight (so that is the required listing for jar and box), but the jars actually contain about 2 full grams of product.
- All our pigments are cruelty-free -- we do not test our products on animals
- These pigments are Talc Free
May Contain: Mica, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Boron Nitride, Carmine CI 75470, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Polyethylene (&) PTFE, Titanium Dioxide Ci 77891, Zinc Stearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Nylon-12, Triethylhexanoin, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Kaolin, FD&C Red No. 40 Aluminum Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Isoeicosane, Magnesium Stearate, Polyisobutene, Talc, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Poloxamer 338, Silica, Manganese Violet CI 77742
MAC Nocturnals (2013) is a Lip Palette that retails for $32.50 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Tastitint Lip Conditioner is a Lip Balm. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pigment & Glitter Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $32.50 and contains 0.55 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our standard blusher brush. The bristles are made from blue squirrel and goat which provides natural spring yet still very soft on your skin.
Quick and easy makeup application to achieve a flawless finish. Carefully arranged bristles create an angled brush surface and synthetic fibers extend slightly further than the goat hair. This specification means that the bristles have more spring and it enables them to pick up just the right amount of product. This helps create a smooth finish to your makeup, while also helping it last even longer. The brush works perfectly with any type of foundation - liquid, cream and even powder.
Our small, angled highlighter brush. When you use this brush, use light strokes as if you were removing excess product. This enables you to achieve a natural but glamorous finish.
Blush hour! Clarins' graphic palette of tinted powders was created for fall fashion. Includes light beige to illuminate; dark beige to even out skin tone; coral pink to sculpt and a touch of golden light to leave the complexion looking smooth, flawless, sophisticated.
Talc, Mica, Isononyl Isononanoate, Zinc Stearate, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Silica, Dimethicone, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polyethylene, Isopropyl Isostearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Squalane, Chlorphenesin, Diisostearyl Malate, Potassium Sorbate, Tetrasodium EDTA, Trimethylsiloxysilicate. (+/-)CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet). 
Talc, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Zinc Stearate, Mica, Silica, Dimethicone, Isonoyl Isononanoate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dimethiconol, Chlorphenesin, Potassium Sorbate, Synthetic Beeswax, Tetrasodium EDTA. (+/-): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77007 (Ultramarines).
Sugar Lip scrub is not only effective in smoothing your lips, but it tastes delicious! I've heard from many friends that its a guaranteed first date kiss if you use it before heading out! This one is made with sweet, bright lemon essential oil. Tastes like my favorite summer treat, brown sugar lemonade.
This is not your typical oil/sugar lip scrub, this is it's creamy cousin! Made with brown sugar, shea butter, jojoba oil and a few other wonderful, natural ingredients to smooth your lips.
Clarins Eye Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Mineral Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Blush Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.79 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, talc, polymethyl methacrylate, synthetic fluorphlogopite, pentaerythrityl tetraisostearate, zinc stearate, ethylhexyl palmitate, phenoxyethanol, tocopheryl acetate, triethoxycaprylylsilane, kaolin, dimethicone. May contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), red 7 lake (CI 15850), red 30 lake (CI 77360), yellow 5 lake (CI 19140). 
Highly concentrated in mineral pigments, these eye shadows light up all eyes. Their wet and dry texture is extremely soft on application. Easy to blend and shade, their colours are both subtle and even. Harmonies of satin and iridescent shades offer a variety of effects. For a superb, long-lasting make-up result.
Clarins Ombre Minérale Mono Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Tobacco Oud Eau de Parfum is a Fragrance that retails for $210.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Tom Ford Beauty Oud Wood Eau de Parfum is a Fragrance that retails for $210.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Charlotte Tilbury has decoded her artistry into an easy 2-step ritual to recreate that youthful flush of first love that she calls a “love glow”. These portable blushers are Charlotte’s secret to glowing, flushed skin for a faultless, fresh finish every time. Each shade is a creamy, colour-rich texture containing finely crushed pearls to give skin a limitless glow.
Tom Ford Beauty Oud Wood Body Moisturizer is a Body that retails for $65.00 and contains 5.00 oz.
Lit Cosmetics Tinsel Town is a cool silver with a glitter finish that is permanent and retails for $12.95 and contains 0.14 oz.
Anna Sui Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anna Sui Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anna Sui Minnie Mouse Makeup Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $50.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC 7.5 retails for $33.00 and contains 1.18 oz.
Make Up For Ever Face & Body is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.69 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anastasia Eyeshadow & Brow Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Translucent Light is a natural finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 0.77 oz.
IsaDora 16 Hrs Active Moist SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $20.50 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Porcelaine is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.16 oz.
Lavera 2-in-1 Compact is a Foundation that retails for $23.60 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay FBI is a natural finish and retails for $18.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
ck one Porcelain is a natural finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Neutrogena Fair is a natural finish and retails for $7.19 and contains 0.37 oz.
KIKO 03 Natural Pink is a natural finish.
KIKO 04 Dark is a natural finish.
Pur Minerals Tan is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Origins Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Lancome Absolue Bx Makeup Replenishing SPF 18 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Abricote is a natural finish.
Benefit Ivory (I Love Me) is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
Bourjois Light Beige is a natural finish.
Lancome Absolue Smoothing is a Foundation that retails for $56.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Absolue Makeup SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.18 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Absolue Bx Makeup SPF 18 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Erno Laszlo Absolute Finish SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Absolutely Flawless is a Concealer that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Murad Acne Complex is a Concealer that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ettusais 30 Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
Ettusais Acne Daytime Defense SPF7 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $64.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Acne Solutions is a Foundation that retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jane Iredale No. 3 is a natural finish and retails for $27.00.
Clinique Acne Solutions Clearing is a Concealer that retails for $16.50 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido I60 is a luminous finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.42 oz.
Napoleon Perdis Advanced Mineral Makeup SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $59.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Advanced is a Concealer that retails for $16.50. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Natural Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $9.29 and contains 1.00 oz.
CoverGirl Ivory 105 is a luminous finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 0.39 oz.
Clinique Age Defense SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $37.00 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Age Defy DNA is a Concealer that retails for $10.99 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood #2 is a natural finish.
skinfood #2 is a natural finish.
Revlon Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Revlon Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.25 oz.
Revlon Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.25 oz.
Avon Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $16.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Revlon Medium is a luminous finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
Avon Age-Transforming SPF 15 is a Concealer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Stockholm Blondin is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Temptu AIR Pod is a Foundation that retails for $45.00. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Ageless Minerale is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ck one Tan is a natural finish and retails for $26.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Clinique Medium is a natural finish and retails for $19.50 and contains 0.05 oz.
Clinique Medium is a natural finish and retails for $19.50 and contains 0.05 oz.
Clinique All About Eyes is a Concealer that retails for $16.50 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO 04 Ivory Beige is a matte finish.
The Body Shop 01 Lighter Skin Tones is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.84 oz.
The Body Shop All In One Face Base is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. All Over Cover Stick is a Concealer that retails for $1.00. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives Level 2 Warm Light is a matte finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Prescriptives Level 2 Warm Light is a matte finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Dr. Dennis Gross All-In-One Sunscreen SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora All-in-One SPF 12 is a Foundation that retails for $20.50. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Almost Powder SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.36 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Aloe SPF20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jane Iredale Mink is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.37 oz.
Amazing Cosmetics Amazing Face Oil Free Close-Up Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Amazing Face Oil Free Close-Up Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Amazing Cosmetics Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
Too Faced Warm Honey is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Tarte Light 04 is a matte finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.39 oz.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Octyldodecyl Neopentanoate Butylene Glycol, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Mica, Dimethicone, Silica, Phenoxyethanol, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Stearic Acid, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Caprylyl Glycol, Phytantriol, Hexyl Laurate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Sodium Chloride, Hexylene Glycol, Lysine, Tocopherol, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Nylon-12 Fluorescent Brightener 230 Salt, Polyvinylalcohol Crosspolymer, Kaolin, Magnesium Chloride, Potassium Chloride, Zinc Chloride, Sodium Hyaluronate, Potassium Sorbate, Iron Oxides.
Tarte Amazonian Clay SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot LW100 is a natural finish.
Inglot AMC Corrective Illuminator is a Concealer. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot AMC Cream Concealer is a Concealer. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot FC100 is a natural finish.
Inglot AMC Pressed is a Foundation. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Anti-Age SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Prairie Anti-Aging SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $105.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hydroxatone Tan is a natural finish and retails for $39.00 and contains 1.50 oz.
Lirene Natural is a natural finish.
IsaDora Anti-Shine Mattifying is a Foundation that retails for $18.25 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL 2 Nude Beige is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
La Prairie 20 is a natural finish and retails for $75.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
Lise Watier Anti-Wrinkle Firming is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Anti-Cernes - Multi-Action is a Concealer that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives AnyWear Multi-Finish SPF 12 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.47 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Aqua Balance is a Foundation. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Koh Gen Do PK 0 is a natural finish that is discontinued and retails for $62.00 and contains 1.01 oz.
CoverGirl AquaSmooth Compact is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Josie Maran Light/Med is a satin finish and retails for $34.00.
Josie Maran Argan Matchmaker Serum is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 2.25 oz.
skinfood Banana Concealer Stick is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Tan is a luminous finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Laura Geller Medium is a natural finish and retails for $31.00 and contains 1.25 oz.
Elizabeth Arden Mocha II is a natural finish and retails for $33.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Smashbox Flash is a luminous finish and retails for $26.00 and contains 0.70 oz.
KIKO 03 Rose is a natural finish.
Ettusais 30 Healthy is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.41 oz.
Lumene Beauty Base Cover Stick is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Trish McEvoy Beauty Booster is a Foundation that retails for $75.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Erborian Light is a natural finish.
Lancome Bronze is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Etude House BB Magic Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Bio Detox is a Foundation. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Black Egg Pore is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Nude is a natural finish and retails for $69.00 and contains 0.70 oz.
Jemma Kidd Bio-Mineral Perfecting is a Foundation that retails for $40.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CARGO 2 Medium/Dark is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
Avon Illuminating Pearl is a natural finish and retails for $3.99 and contains 0.05 oz.
Stila Tan retails for $28.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
gloMinerals Medium is a natural finish and retails for $16.50.
Benefit 04 Medium/ Deep is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
Trish McEvoy Brightening Line Minimizing is a Concealer that retails for $24.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Napoleon Perdis Boudoir Mist Spray is a Foundation that retails for $49.00 and contains 2.50 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Origins Medium-Warm is a natural finish and retails for $29.50 and contains 0.28 oz.
Avon Honey is a luminous finish and retails for $16.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
skinfood Buckwheat is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Light/Medium is a satin finish and retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Smashbox 4 is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
Napoleon Perdis Camera Finish is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.48 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Atelier Camouflage Duet is a Concealer that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives Extra Dark (Warm) is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
gloMinerals Golden is a natural finish and retails for $23.00.
Vincent Longo Canvas Healthy Soft Matte is a Foundation that retails for $49.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Ivory 010 is a luminous finish and retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
skinfood Carrot is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Carrot Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Caulk is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Everyday Minerals Medium is a natural finish and retails for $7.99.
La Prairie Cameo is a semi-matte finish and retails for $85.00 and contains 0.48 oz.
Elizabeth Arden Translucent is a matte finish and retails for $30.00.
Elizabeth Arden Cognac is a luminous finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Elizabeth Arden Medium is a natural finish and retails for $19.50 and contains 0.20 oz.
Napoleon Perdis China Doll SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Soft Vanilla is a matte finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Physicians Formula Soft Yellow is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
Jane Iredale Circle/Delete is a Concealer that retails for $30.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lirene Natural is a matte finish.
Le Metier de Beaute Classic Flawless is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute Classic Flawless SPF 18 is a Concealer that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Clean Normal Skin Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $6.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute 4 is a natural finish and retails for $68.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Rimmel London Nude is a natural finish and retails for $4.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
CoverGirl Clean Oil Control Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $6.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Clean Normal Skin Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $6.99 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Clean Sensitive Skin is a Foundation that retails for $6.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Clean Oil Control Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $6.99 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $10.99 and contains 0.35 oz.
Almay Clear Complexion Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $9.99 and contains 0.23 oz.
Black Up Click Pen is a Concealer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Gosh 04 Anti Redness is a natural finish.
Gosh Click'n Conceal is a Concealer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Helena Rubinstein 22 Abricot is a satin finish.
Charlotte Ronson Color Correcting Stick is a Concealer that retails for $20.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Helena Rubinstein Color Clone Pressed Powder is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Helena Rubinstein 30 Gold Cognac is a natural finish.
Helena Rubinstein 30 Gold Cognac is a matte finish.
Black Radiance Cocoa Bean is a natural finish and retails for $4.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Ulta Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
Revlon Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
Revlon Medium is a luminous finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 0.35 oz.
Everyday Minerals Color Corrector is a Concealer that retails for $5.99. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $9.99 and contains 0.21 oz.
Titanium Dioxide (7.3%) Inactive Ingredients: Aqua/Water (Water), Cyclomethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Butylene Glycol, Boron Nitride, Dimethicone, SD Alcohol 40B, PEG/PPG 18/18 Dimethicone, Nylon 12, Tribehenin, Isododecane, Polyisobutene, Sodium Chloride, Cetyl PEG/PPG 10/1 Dimethicone, Bisabolol, Serica (Silk Powder), Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Malva Sylvestris Flower Extract (Mallow), Lilium Candidum Bulb Extract (Lily), Lactobacillus/Eridictyon Californicum Ferment Extract, Cymbidium Grandiflorum Flower Extract, Alumina, Polydimethylsiloxane/Polymethysilesquioxane Copolymer, Ethylene Brassylate, Methicone, Trisiloxane, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Tetrasodium EDTA, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, May Contain (+/-): Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499)
Revlon Cappuccino is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Revlon ColorStay Under Eye is a Concealer that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Sand Beige is a matte finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 0.80 oz.
KIKO Compact is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Paul and Joe Beaute Compact is a Concealer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Camel is a matte finish and retails for $62.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Lirene Tanned is a natural finish.
Black Radiance Complexion Perfection is a Foundation that retails for $7.99. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Radiance Complexion Perfection Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $5.99. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Radiance Coffee Glaze is a natural finish and retails for $8.99.
Cover FX Light-Medium is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Everyday Minerals Conceal It is a Concealer that retails for $5.99. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Conceal Rx Physicians Strength is a Concealer that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.49 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sensai Concealer is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Living Nature Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $30.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mary Kay Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ellis Faas Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ettusais 10 Beige is a natural finish and retails for $51.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Ettusais 10 Beige is a matte finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 0.38 oz.
Chanel 10 Beige Lumiere is a natural finish and retails for $46.00.
Chanel 10 Beige Tendre is a natural finish and retails for $40.00.
Ettusais 10 Light is a matte finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
KIKO 10 Light Hazelnut is a luminous finish.
Origins 10 Medium/Deep-Neutral is a natural finish and retails for $32.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
Illamasqua 100 is a natural finish and retails for $36.51 and contains 0.28 oz.
IsaDora 10 Sheer Transparent is a semi-matte finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Sisley 10 Sweet Petal is a natural finish and retails for $190.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
CARGO 100 is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.38 oz.
Clarins 10 Tender Gold is a luminous finish and retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Stila 10 Watts is a luminous finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
Ettusais 10 Yellow Beige is a matte finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 0.42 oz.
Paul and Joe Beaute 100 Alabaster is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 0.24 oz.
Paul and Joe Beaute 100 Alabaster is a matte finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 0.31 oz.
YSL 10 Cinnamon is a natural finish and retails for $99.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
KIKO 10 Dark Beige is a natural finish.
Bobbi Brown 10 Espresso is a luminous finish and retails for $46.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Bobbi Brown 10 Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $46.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Bobbi Brown 10 Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.31 oz.
Giorgio Armani 10 Gingerbread is a luminous finish and retails for $64.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
IsaDora 10 Golden Bronze is a natural finish and retails for $19.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
KIKO 10 Honey is a natural finish.
Paul and Joe Beaute 10 Ivory is a semi-matte finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Paul and Joe Beaute 10 Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Sephora 10 Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
RMK 101 is a natural finish.
Suqqu 101 is a natural finish.
Suqqu 101 is a luminous finish.
Suqqu 101 is a luminous finish.
Suqqu 101 is a natural finish.
RMK 101 is a natural finish.
RMK 101 is a natural finish.
RMK 101 is a natural finish.
Paul and Joe Beaute 100 Alabaster is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
RMK 101 is a luminous finish.
Chanel 100 Honey is a matte finish and retails for $54.00.
RMK 101 is a matte finish.
Chanel 100 Sun Beige is a matte finish and retails for $50.00.
Cinema Secrets 101 (01) is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
100% biodegradable, this disposable zebra board nail file features a dual grit level of 100/180 that is ideal for use on the toenails. This file is designed in a custom, ergonomic shape. 100/180 GRIT ECO File - coarse/medium. SpaRitual is the first in the industry to introduce comprehensive, eco-friendly, biodegradable nail files that supports the eco-conscious philosophy.
bareMinerals 100% Natural Lipgloss Duo is a Lip Palette that retails for $15.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC 102 Brow Comb is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
AMOREPACIFIC 102 is a luminous finish and retails for $70.00 and contains 1.60 oz.
Clinique 102 is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.52 oz.
The Body Shop 102 Natural Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
The Body Shop 102 Natural Ivory is a matte finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.29 oz.
AMOREPACIFIC 102 is a natural finish and retails for $90.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
The Body Shop 102 Natural Ivory is a luminous finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
Temptu 102 Porcelain is a natural finish and retails for $28.00.
Alima Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Green is a natural finish and retails for $5.50 and contains 0.25 oz.
Black Radiance Concealer Stick is a Concealer that retails for $1.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop Concealer All In One is a Concealer that retails for $12.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Concealer Stick is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fashion Fair Toffee is a natural finish and retails for $16.50 and contains 0.09 oz.
NYX Green is a natural finish and retails for $5.50 and contains 0.04 oz.
Face Stockholm Dark is a matte finish and retails for $19.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
Eve Pearl B (Tan/Dark) is a natural finish and retails for $52.00.
Clinique Ivory Glow is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 1.20 oz.
Trish McEvoy Correct & Brighten SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illuminare Tuscan Toast is a semi-matte finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Trish McEvoy Correct and Brighten is a Concealer that retails for $40.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel 30 Beige Petale is a natural finish and retails for $40.00.
bareMinerals Deep 2 is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
Juice Beauty Sand is a natural finish and retails for $18.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
IMAN Earth is a matte finish and retails for $12.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
LaurEss Cashmere is a matte finish and retails for $14.00.
Avene Porcelain is a natural finish.
Estee Lauder Country Mist is a Foundation that retails for $24.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Deep Bisque is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
Black Opal Cover and Clear is a Concealer that retails for $5.75 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Cover All Coverstick is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Cover All Concealer Wand is a Concealer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IMAN Sand Medium is a natural finish and retails for $13.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
shu uemura Cover Crayon is a Concealer that retails for $25.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics Cover Stick is a Concealer that retails for $1.99. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Catrice Cover Stick is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Green Correct is a natural finish and retails for $5.99 and contains 0.16 oz.
Dermalogica Cover Tint SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Cool Light is a matte finish.
By Terry Cover-Expert is a Foundation that retails for $62.73 and contains 1.18 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Exuviance Warm Beige is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Lily Lolo Blondie is a matte finish and retails for $18.00.
Exuviance Light is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Exuviance Warm Beige is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Sante Light 01 is a natural finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.01 oz.
LORAC Coverup is a Concealer that retails for $19.00 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Essence True Nude 04 is a natural finish and retails for $2.49 and contains 0.10 oz.
Fashion Fair Covertone is a Foundation that retails for $21.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot 21 is a natural finish and retails for $21.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
IsaDora Cream is a Foundation that retails for $17.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vincent Longo Dark is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
Inglot Cream Concealer is a Concealer. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Cream Compact SPF 18 is a Foundation that retails for $90.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot Cream Powder is a Foundation. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Up Cream to Powder is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IMAN Cream to Powder is a Foundation that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dimethicone, Isopropyl Isostearate, Neopentyl Glycol Diethylhexanoate, Tribehenin, Isostearyl Behenate, Silica, Nylon-12, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Talc, Euphorbia Cerifera Cera (Candelilla Wax), Myristyl Myristate, Polyethylene, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Sorbitan Trioleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Ethylene/Methacrylate Copolymer, Lauroyl Lysine, Myristyl Laurate, Fragrance (Parfum), Propylparaben, Retinyl Palmitate, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Myristyl Alcohol, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Benzyl Alcohol, Coumarin, Limonene, Benzyl Salicylate, Linalool, Citronellol, Benzyl Benzoate, Geraniol. +/- May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultamarines (CI 77007).
Bobbi Brown Cool Sand is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
Merle Norman Medium is a natural finish.
Three Custom Color 5 Medium  is a matte finish.
Laura Geller Creaseless is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Tan is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.26 oz.
Laura Mercier Blush Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Etude House Dark Circle is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder DayWear Anti-Oxidant SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vichy Nude 25 is a natural finish and retails for $29.50.
Vichy Dermablend Ultra Corrective Cream Stick is a Concealer that retails for $27.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Octinoxate 7.5%, Titanium Dioxide 1.9% , Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Phenyl Trimethicone, Cyclohexasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Pentylene Glycol, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Fragrance, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Adenosine, Magnesium Sulfate, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Peg/Ppg-18/18 Dimethicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cellulose Gum, Silica, Limonene, Benzyl Salicylate, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Sorbitol, Acrylates Copolymer, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Methylsilanol/Silicate Crosspolymer, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Aluminum Hydroxide, Alumina, Hexyl Cinnamal. May Contain Iron Oxides, Ferric Ferrocyanide, Bismuth Oxychloride, Titanium Dioxide.
Aromaleigh Ivory 1C is a natural finish and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Giorgio Armani Designer Shaping SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $65.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty 13 is a luminous finish and retails for $54.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Dior Ivory 100 is a satin finish and retails for $47.00 and contains 1.10 oz.
Dior Medium Beige 300 is a natural finish and retails for $62.00 and contains 2.30 oz.
Dior Light Beige 020 is a natural finish and retails for $49.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Dior Ivory 010 is a natural finish and retails for $47.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dior DiorSkin Forever Wear-Extending Invisible Retouch is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior DiorSkin Nude Natural Glow Crème-Gel SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Ivory 001 is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dior Ivory 001 is a natural finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.33 oz.
Dior Ivory 010 is a natural finish and retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Jane Iredale Disappear with Green Tea Extract is a Concealer that retails for $26.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pur Minerals Disappearing Act 4-in-1 is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Creamy Natural is a matte finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
Ulta Double Duty Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $12.50 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO Iced Vanilla is a matte finish.
LORAC Double Feature Concealer/Highlighter is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Double Matte Oil-Control is a Foundation that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.49 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Double Matte Oil-Control SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Intensity 1.0 is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
TITANIUM DIOXIDE 1.40%INGREDIENTS: ISODODECANE , ISOHEXADECANE , METHYL METHACRYLATE CROSSPOLYMER , PETROLATUM , GLYCERYL STEARATE , DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE , HYDROGENATED STYRENE/ ISOPRENE COPOLYMER , MICROCRYSTALLINE WAXCERA MICROCRISTALLINACIRE MICROCRISTALLINE , KAOLIN , CHOLESTEROL , ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF EXTRACT , FUSANUS SPICATUS WOOD OIL , TOCOPHERYL ACETATE , LINOLEIC ACID , GLYCINE SOJA (SOYBEAN) OIL , STEARYL GLYCYRRHETINATE , BISABOLOL , SILICA , PROPYLENE CARBONATE , METHYLDIHYDROJASMONATE , POLYETHYLENE , 2,6-DIMETHYL-7-OCTEN-2-OL , POLYGLYCERYL-3 DIISOSTEARATE , PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE , ALUMINA , PHENETHYL ALCOHOL , [+/- IRON OXIDES (CI 77491) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77492) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77499) , TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891) , MICA , BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163)] 
Estee Lauder Double Wear Mineral Rich is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Double Wear Stay-in-Place Flawless Wear SPF 10 is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
WaterAquaEau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Tribehenin, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Magnesium Sulfate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Methicone, Laureth-7, Xanthan Gum, Alumina, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cellulose Gum, Propylene Carbonate, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up to date list of ingredients.
Estee Lauder 5C1 Rich Chestnut retails for $36.00 and contains 0.56 oz.
Maybelline Medium is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Maybelline Dream Liquid Mousse is a Foundation that retails for $8.49 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Honey is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 0.05 oz.
Maybelline Cream is a matte finish and retails for $7.49 and contains 0.32 oz.
Maybelline Dream Nude Airfoam is a Foundation that retails for $9.99 and contains 1.60 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Classic Ivory is a matte finish and retails for $8.49 and contains 0.49 oz.
Etude House Dream On is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Dream On Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jane Iredale Dream Tint SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 2.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Dual Action is a Concealer. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cinema Secrets Dual Active Minerals is a Foundation that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Meringue is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
Lancome Matte Amande III W is a matte finish and retails for $36.50 and contains 0.67 oz.
Eve Pearl Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $38.00.
Studio Gear Linen is a matte finish and retails for $25.50.
Studio Gear Cream is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 1.25 oz.
Elizabeth Arden Vanilla is a matte finish and retails for $33.00 and contains 0.59 oz.
NARS Duo Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
By Terry Eclat de Rose is a Foundation that retails for $84.94 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Duo Mat is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Givenchy 2 Mat Shell is a semi-matte finish and retails for $51.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
By Terry Eclat de Teint Pinceau is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Effacernes is a Concealer that retails for $29.50 and contains 0.52 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LaurEss Elemental is a Foundation that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 49 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Essential Clarifying is a Foundation that retails for $1.00. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Essential SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $1.00. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Erase Paste is a Concealer that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder 5N1 Sienna is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
LaurEss Gentle Fawn is a luminous finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Clinique Hazelnut is a natural finish and retails for $19.50 and contains 0.12 oz.
Clinique Even Better SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 30 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Trish McEvoy Even Skin is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Trish McEvoy Beige is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
Milani Even-Touch is a Foundation that retails for $7.99. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Trish McEvoy 3 is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
IMAN Evener SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Beige is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Clarins 104 Cream is a matte finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 1.10 oz.
Avon Light Beige is a matte finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 0.31 oz.
Avon EverLasting Liquid SPF 12 is a Foundation that retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Cool Beige (3.25) is a sheer finish and retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Bobbi Brown Extra SPF 25 Balm is a Foundation that retails for $52.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $7.00.
RCMA F Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Natural Buff is a matte finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 0.63 oz.
Ulta Natural Buff is a natural finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 0.38 oz.
Ulta Fabulous Face Liquid is a Concealer that retails for $9.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Fabulous Face Illuminating is a Foundation that retails for $12.50 and contains 0.88 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Illuminating is a natural finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
shu uemura Rich Beige 734 is a satin finish and retails for $33.00 and contains 0.49 oz.
Ulta Natural Buff is a natural finish and retails for $12.50 and contains 0.88 oz.
shu uemura Face Architect Illuminating is a Foundation that retails for $42.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani 3 is a natural finish and retails for $49.00 and contains 1.35 oz.
shu uemura Rich Beige 734 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $44.00.
Three Custom Color 3 is a matte finish and retails for $39.50.
Fresh Face Luster is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Three Custom Color 3 is a matte finish and retails for $22.50.
Bobbi Brown Espresso (10) is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
SK-II Facial Treatment is a Foundation that retails for $95.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Paula Dorf Monaco is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Fashion Fair Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $28.00.
Black Opal Tan is a natural finish and retails for $6.75 and contains 0.28 oz.
Illuminare Tuscan Toast is a luminous finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Maybelline Coconut is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
Becca Mocha is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
Maybelline Medium is a natural finish and retails for $6.49 and contains 0.23 oz.
Meow Cosmetics Flawless is a Foundation that retails for $27.95 and contains 3.00 oz. There are 85 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anastasia Flawless is a Foundation that retails for $30.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Studio Gear Linen is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Trish McEvoy Flawless Concealer Pen is a Concealer that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Flawless Effect SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives Bisque (06) is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Elizabeth Arden Translucent is a matte finish and retails for $24.50.
Elizabeth Arden Flawless Finish Sponge-On Cream is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 0.80 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Opal Tan is a natural finish and retails for $4.75 and contains 0.12 oz.
e.l.f. Porcelain is a semi-matte finish and retails for $6.00 and contains 0.80 oz.
Prescriptives Level 2 Warm is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.11 oz.
Prescriptives Level 3 is a natural finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Bourjois Light Vanilla is a satin finish.
Sensai Fluid Finish is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sensai Fluid Finish Lasting Velvet is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Up Fluid is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.85 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier No. 3 is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 0.26 oz.
Becca Butterscotch is a natural finish and retails for $44.00 and contains 0.03 oz.
Napoleon Perdis Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Living Nature Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $37.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IMAN Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dianne Brill Tahitian Pearl is a natural finish.
Face Stockholm Solbrun is a luminous finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dianne Brill Champagne Pearl is a natural finish and retails for $49.50 and contains 0.35 oz.
Estee Lauder Fresh Air is a Foundation that retails for $24.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
100% Pure Mousse is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 1.80 oz.
Dianne Brill Freshwater Pearl Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Full Cover is a Concealer that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
100% Pure White Peach is a natural finish and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.24 oz.
KIKO Full Coverage is a Concealer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Hazel is a natural finish and retails for $72.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Estee Lauder 2C1 Soft Ivory is a luminous finish and retails for $37.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
mark Get a Tint Shimmer SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $12.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Graftobian Cashmere Beige is a natural finish and retails for $19.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
mark Dark is a natural finish and retails for $12.00 and contains 1.60 oz.
Benefit Get Even is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hard Candy Tan is a natural finish and retails for $6.00 and contains 0.72 oz.
Milani Glow Natural is a Foundation that retails for $7.99. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Gold Caviar Lifting SPF20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Gold Caviar Moist Fitting Cake SPF 25 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Good Afternoon Apple Cinnamon Tea SPF 36 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Good Afternoon Berry Berry Tea SPF 35 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Good Afternoon Honey Black Tea SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Good Afternoon Peach Green Tea SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Good Afternoon Rose Lemon Tea SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood #2 is a natural finish.
Jane Iredale Glow Time SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aromaleigh Medium 3YL is a natural finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Smashbox HALO Hydrating Perfecting Powder & Brush Set is a Foundation that retails for $59.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Green Grape Fresh is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Green Grape Fresh Light Pact is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Pearl Tan is a natural finish and retails for $56.00.
Milani Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $6.99.
Eve Pearl Light 1 is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Graftobian Butter Cream is a natural finish and retails for $22.99.
YBF Hands-Free Light Diffusing is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Nude is a natural finish and retails for $14.99 and contains 1.26 oz.
NYX Sand Beige is a matte finish and retails for $25.00.
Eve Pearl B (Dark/Deep) is a natural finish and retails for $52.00.
bareMinerals Heal & Conceal Acne Treatment is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.03 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Healthy Mix is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
100% Pure Mousse is a natural finish and retails for $26.00 and contains 0.32 oz.
100% Pure Mousse is a satin finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Neutrogena Nude is a natural finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 0.35 oz.
Bourjois Healthy Mix Serum is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Active: Titanium Dioxide 6.6%. Inactive: Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Cyclohexasiloxane, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Butylene Glycol, Polyglyceryl-4 Diisostearate/Polyhydroxystearate/Sebacate, Cetyl Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Magnesium Sulfate, Cyclomethicone, Boron Nitride, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Stearoxymethicone/Dimethicone Copolymer, PPG-12/Smdi Copolymer, Tocopherol, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Alumina, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Silica, Soymilk Powder, Glycerin, Dimethicone, Chrysanthemum Parthenium (Feverfew) Extract, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Propylene Carbonate, Silica Silylate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbic Acid, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Acrylates Copolymer, Magnesium Carbonate, Disodium Edta, Benzotriazolyl Dodecyl P-Cresol, Methylisothiazolinone, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Fragrance.
Neutrogena Healthy Skin Smoothing Stick is a Concealer that retails for $6.99 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Neutrogena Ivory to Fair is a natural finish and retails for $10.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Neutrogena Ivory to Fair is a natural finish and retails for $10.99 and contains 1.10 oz.
Neutrogena Healthy Skin SPF 20 Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Healthy Wear SPF 50 Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Palladio Beige is a natural finish and retails for $5.99 and contains 0.17 oz.
Palladio In the Buff is a matte finish and retails for $9.99 and contains 0.91 oz.
Palladio Green is a natural finish and retails for $6.00.
Palladio Everlasting Tan is a natural finish and retails for $10.99.
Physicians Formula Natural Tan is a natural finish and retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Graftobian Golden Sunset is a natural finish and retails for $14.99 and contains 0.50 oz.
NYX Beige is a natural finish and retails for $5.49 and contains 0.11 oz.
Studio Gear Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $15.50.
Hourglass Tan is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
Rimmel London Light Beige is a natural finish and retails for $5.19 and contains 0.16 oz.
IsaDora 03 Nude Beige is a natural finish and retails for $21.50 and contains 1.01 oz.
Smashbox High Definition is a Concealer that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Fair 0 is a natural finish and retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Giorgio Armani 3 is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
Dior 2 Golden is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Lumene 2 Honey Beige is a natural finish.
philosophy Extra Light is a natural finish and retails for $39.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
ARTDECO Hydra Mineral is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins HydraQuench SPF 6 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora HydraLight is a Foundation that retails for $16.00 and contains 1.20 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Hydra Smart 3D Tinted Veil is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Avon Light Wheat is a natural finish and retails for $7.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
Jouer Hydrating SPF 39 is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Avon Cream Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Avon Natural Beige is a matte finish and retails for $10.00 and contains 0.60 oz.
Avon Translucent is a matte finish and retails for $10.00 and contains 0.63 oz.
Estee Lauder Medium is a natural finish and retails for $26.50.
Stila Illuminating Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Warm Almond (6.5) is a matte finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.45 oz.
Vincent Longo Dark is a natural finish and retails for $32.50.
Fusion Beauty Medium Dark is a luminous finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
Avon Medium is a natural finish and retails for $10.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Methyl Perfluorobutyl Ether, Water, Silica, Butylene Glycol, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Peg/Ppg-18/18 Dimethicone, Kaolin, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Polysilicone-11, Dimethicone, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Caprylyl Glycol, Decyl Glucoside, Dimethicone/Methicone Copolymer, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glycerin, Hexylene Glycol, Lavandula Stoechas Extract, Leontopodium Alpinum Meristem Cell Culture, Magnesium Sulfate, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Phenoxyethanol, Potassium Sorbate, Propylene Carbonate, Sodium Benzoate, Tribehenin, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Xanthan Gum. May Contain (+/-): Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891).
Living Nature Evening Glow is a natural finish and retails for $37.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
L'Oreal Infallible Never Fail is a Concealer that retails for $10.28. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Soft Sable is a natural finish and retails for $14.29 and contains 1.00 oz.
Catrice 030 Apricot Beige is a natural finish.
Aqua/Water/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Isododecane, Glycerin, Peg-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Nylon-12, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cyclohexasiloxane, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Chloride, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Caprylyl Glycol, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Methylparaben, Lycium Barbarum Fruit Extract, Chlorphenesin, Ethylparaben, Aluminum Hydroxide, Peg-9, N-Hydroxysuccinimide, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Chrysin, Palmitoyl Tetr Apeptide-7. [+/- May Contain/Peut Contenir: CI 77891/Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499/Iron Oxides] F.I.L. D44980/4 U.S.Patent Pending.
Maybelline Instant Age Rewind Eraser Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $10.99 and contains 0.68 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Medium Beige is a luminous finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Sephora Instant Radiance is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.67 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Tan is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 4.20 oz.
Elizabeth Arden Soft Sand is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Helena Rubinstein 30 Gold Cognac is a satin finish.
No. 7 Blonde is a natural finish and retails for $13.99.
Clarins 04 Golden Beige is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Estee Lauder 1WN2 is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
CoverGirl Light (N) 125 is a natural finish and retails for $5.99 and contains 0.32 oz.
Everyday Minerals Medium Beige Neutral is a matte finish and retails for $12.99.
CARGO Jet Lag is a Concealer that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Inuitive Blend Shade-Adjusting is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Everyday Minerals True Beige is a satin finish and retails for $14.99.
Hard Candy Just Face It is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Bliss is a natural finish and retails for $64.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
RCMA K Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA KL Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA KM Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA KN Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA KO Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA KT Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA KW Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani 3.5 Pale Beige is a semi-matte finish and retails for $59.00.
Rimmel London Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $7.29 and contains 1.00 oz.
Giorgio Armani Lasting Silk UV SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $59.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Porcelain is a matte finish.
Guerlain Les Voilettes Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $57.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel 030 Cendre is a natural finish and retails for $65.00.
No. 7 Blonde is a natural finish and retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
IsaDora Lift & Cover is a Foundation that retails for $19.00 and contains 1.20 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Light is a Foundation that retails for $36.51 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
No. 8 Lifting and Firming SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vincent Longo 3 is a natural finish and retails for $44.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Jemma Kidd 04 Medium is a matte finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.01 oz.
IsaDora Light Touch Natural Radiant SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Lime Secret Shine Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
By Terry Light-Expert is a Foundation that retails for $61.42 and contains 0.59 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Napoleon Perdis Light Diffusing SPF 8 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop Lightening Touch is a Concealer that retails for $14.50 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora Light Touch is a Concealer that retails for $14.50 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.35 oz.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $10.99 and contains 0.18 oz.
Guerlain 04 Beige Moyen is a natural finish and retails for $58.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Clinique Medium Beige is a luminous finish and retails for $16.50 and contains 0.31 oz.
Lavera Ivory #2 is a natural finish and retails for $23.60 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dr. Hauschka 3 is a natural finish and retails for $24.95 and contains 0.08 oz.
Miss Sporty Liquid is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Stockholm Chestnut is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
CARGO Liquid is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty 13 is a satin finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.68 oz.
Vincent Longo Golden Tan is a luminous finish and retails for $49.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Lavera Liquid Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Coastal Scents Liquid HD is a Foundation that retails for $16.95 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox 1 is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Jane Iredale Coffee is a natural finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 1.01 oz.
Face Stockholm Spannande is a matte finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
CoverGirl Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $6.99 and contains 0.40 oz.
Amazing Cosmetics Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
ARTDECO Healthy Beige is a matte finish.
Bobbi Brown Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Mary Kay Ivory 1 is a natural finish and retails for $14.00 and contains 0.74 oz.
NYX Medium Beige is a matte finish and retails for $14.00 and contains 0.53 oz.
Inglot 14 is a matte finish.
gloMinerals Natural Dark is a luminous finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 0.37 oz.
Fashion Fair Bronze is a matte finish and retails for $22.50.
Face Stockholm #2 is a natural finish and retails for $26.00 and contains 0.90 oz.
Estee Lauder Deep is a luminous finish and retails for $32.00.
Estee Lauder 1W1 Neutral Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Black Up Loose Powder is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop 3 is a matte finish and retails for $16.50 and contains 0.49 oz.
Chantecaille Subtle is a luminous finish and retails for $62.00 and contains 1.20 oz.
Lucy Minerals Caramel is a natural finish and retails for $13.50.
Jouer Luminizing SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Living Nature Luminous is a Foundation that retails for $37.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jouer Luminizing SPF 20 (4-Pack) is a Foundation that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IMAN Luminous is a Foundation that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Cashmere is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Giorgio Armani 4 is a luminous finish and retails for $47.00 and contains 0.23 oz.
IMAN Luxury Radiance is a Foundation that retails for $16.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Missha M Swirl Sun Balm SPF 50+/PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $29.99 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Missha 31 Golden Beige is a natural finish and retails for $29.99 and contains 1.69 oz.
Missha M Shiny SPF 27 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $19.99 and contains 1.69 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Missha M Vita (Matte) SPF 20 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $19.99 and contains 1.69 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Missha 21 Light Beige is a luminous finish and retails for $29.99 and contains 1.18 oz.
Missha M Signature Radiance Two-way Pact SPF 27 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $25.99 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Ginkgo Biloba Leaf Extract, Cyclopentasiloxane, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Butylene Glycol, Propanediol, Phenyl Trimethicone, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Arbutin, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Hydrogenated C6-14 Olefin Polymers, Cyclohexasiloxane, Sodium Chloride, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Caprylyl Methicone, Orbignya Oleifera Seed Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Mica, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ozokerite, Sorbitan Olivate, Alumina, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Hexyl Laurate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Dimethicone/Methicone Copolymer, Tocopheryl Acetate, Propylene Carbonate, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Lysine, Histidine, Arginine, Aspartic Acid, Threonine, Serine, Glutamic Acid, Proline, Glycine, Alanine, Valine, Methionine, Isoleucine, Leucine, Tyrosine, Phenylalanine, Cysteine, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Squalane, Glycerin, Ceramide 3, Cholesterol, Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil, Stearic Acid, Oleic Acid, Brassica Campestris (Rapeseed) Sterols, Beta-Glucan, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Vigna Radiata Seed Extract, Coix Lacryma-Jobi Ma-yuen Seed Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Punica Granatum Extract, Scrophularia Buergeriana Root Extract, Ganoderma Lucidum (Mushroom) Extract, Scutellaria Baicalensis Root Extract, Rhus Semialata Gall Extract, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract, Artemisia Vulgaris Extract, Fragaria Vesca (Strawberry) Fruit Extract, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Fruit Extract, Citrus Aurantifolia (Lime) Fruit Extract, Camellia Japonica Flower Extract, Prunus Armeniaca (Apricot) Kernel Extract, Linaria Japonica Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Houttuynia Cordata Extract, Daucus Carota Sativa (Carrot) Root Extract, Oldenlandia Diffusa Extract, Bambusa Textilis Stem Extract, Iris Ensata Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Water, Prunus Avium (Sweet Cherry) Fruit Extract, Morus Alba Root Extract, Coptis Japonica Root Extract, Acorus Calamus Root Extract, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Fruit Extract, Asarum Sieboldi Root Extract, Angelica Keiskei Leaf/Stem Extract, Psidium Guajava Fruit Extract, Juglans Regia (Walnut) Seed Extract, Prunus Persica (Peach) Fruit Extract, Carica Papaya (Papaya) Fruit Extract, Cornus Officinalis Fruit Extract, Luffa Cylindrica Fruit Extract, Bletilla Striata Root Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Lycium Chinense Fruit Extract, Citrus Unshiu Peel Extract, Taraxacum Officinale (Dandelion) Rhizome/Root Extract, Cucurbita Pepo (Pumpkin) Fruit Extract, Salicornia Herbacea Extract, Litchi Chinensis Fruit Extract, Cnidium Officinale Root Extract, Oenanthe Javanica Extract, Nelumbo Nucifera Flower Extract, Hordeum Vulgare Leaf Extract, Lecithin, Polysorbate 20, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Palmitoyl Pentapeptide-4, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Acetyl Hexapeptide-8, Copper Tripeptide-1, Echinacea Purpurea Extract, Bacillus/Soybean Ferment Extract, Perilla Ocymoides Leaf Extract, Talc, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Xanthan Gum, Dimethicone, Adenosine, Methicone, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tropolone, 1, 2-Hexanediol, Phenoxyethanol, Disodium EDTA, Fragrance
Missha 21 Natural Beige is a luminous finish and retails for $24.99 and contains 0.42 oz.
Face Stockholm #1 is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
Avon Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Paula Dorf 3 is a matte finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
Koh Gen Do 112 is a natural finish and retails for $62.00 and contains 0.71 oz.
Helena Rubinstein Magic is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Pearl Magic Salmon is a Concealer that retails for $52.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani #3 is a natural finish and retails for $40.00.
Tarte Deep is a luminous finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Lancome Correcteur is a natural finish and retails for $29.50 and contains 0.25 oz.
Make Up For Ever No. 20 is a matte finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.01 oz.
Rimmel London Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $6.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Rimmel London Match Perfect Skin Tone Adapting is a Concealer that retails for $5.99 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Up Matifying is a Foundation that retails for $41.00 and contains 0.85 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Matifying Compact is a Foundation that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Matt Touch SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $57.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Catrice 030 Warm Beige is a matte finish.
Givenchy Matissime is a Foundation that retails for $45.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Everyday Minerals Buttered Tan is a matte finish and retails for $12.99.
Face Stockholm Matte is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Active Ingredients: Titanium Dioxide, Zinc Oxide. Inactive Ingredients: Lauroyl Lysine, Silica, Calcium Silicate, Soil Minerals. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides
Read more at http://www.bareminerals.com/new/newarrivals/matte-foundation-broad-spectrum-spf-15/USmastermatte.html#WotHUkUrSglYgqQv.99
Studio Gear Linen is a matte finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
mark Deep is a matte finish and retails for $14.00.
Lumene 2 Honey Beige is a matte finish.
gloMinerals Matte II is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Medium is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA MB Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illuminare Tuscan Toast is a matte finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Napoleon Perdis Pink Beige is a natural finish and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Prestige Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $9.95. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
mark Medium 7 is a natural finish and retails for $18.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Sephora 30 Sand is a natural finish and retails for $22.00.
ARTDECO Mineral is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Warm 1 is a natural finish and retails for $14.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Lily Lolo Coffee Bean is a natural finish and retails for $22.00.
Lise Watier Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora D40 is a luminous finish and retails for $7.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Black Opal Golden Tan is a matte finish and retails for $9.95 and contains 0.28 oz.
Physicians Formula Mineral Face is a Foundation that retails for $13.89 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lavera Warm Beige #2 is a matte finish and retails for $25.70 and contains 0.21 oz.
IsaDora Mineral Compact is a Foundation that retails for $18.25 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Porcelaine is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.18 oz.
Face Stockholm Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cover FX Mineral FX is a Foundation that retails for $37.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prestige Spice is a natural finish and retails for $9.95.
ARTDECO Natural Buff is a satin finish.
ARTDECO Rosy Shell is a natural finish.
No. 7 Mineral Perfection is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jouer Mineral Face is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Mineral Powder is a Foundation that retails for $38.00. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Stockholm Sandhamn is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 0.39 oz.
Laura Mercier Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
Neutrogena Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.19 oz.
Neutrogena Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.34 oz.
Maybelline Mineral Power Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $8.03. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Bronze is a semi-matte finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Maybelline Nude is a matte finish and retails for $9.99.
Laura Mercier Soft Porcelain is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Jemma Kidd 03 Nude is a natural finish and retails for $42.00.
Laura Mercier Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
e.l.f. Beige is a matte finish and retails for $5.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
Physicians Formula Mineral Wear is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 0.49 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Translucent is a natural finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 0.26 oz.
Physicians Formula Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 0.35 oz.
Face Stockholm Mineral Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.25 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Juice Beauty Tan is a natural finish and retails for $29.00 and contains 2.00 oz.
Innisfree Mineral Sun Waterproof SPF 50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $38.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC NC20 is a natural finish and retails for $19.00 and contains 0.16 oz.
MAC NC20 is a natural finish and retails for $33.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
MAC Extra Light is a natural finish and retails for $30.00.
MAC Mineralize Satinfinish SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Victoria's Secret Minerals SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $15.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Dark is a matte finish and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
LaurEss Gentle Fawn is a matte finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Napoleon Perdis Minimal is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Givenchy 5 Mister Biscuit is a natural finish and retails for $33.00 and contains 0.05 oz.
Missha 2 Calm Beige is a luminous finish and retails for $45.99 and contains 1.69 oz.
Sarah McNamara Tan is a natural finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Laura Mercier Moisture Supreme is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop Moisture SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Moisture Surge SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Elizabeth Arden Melba is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.40 oz.
Laura Mercier Moisturizing is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Origins Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $26.50 and contains 0.24 oz.
bareMinerals Multi-Tasking Face is a Concealer that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ck one Porcelain is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Milani Chestnut is a semi-matte finish and retails for $6.99.
Everyday Minerals Multi-Tasking is a Concealer that retails for $5.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Nanoce Natural Beige retails for $24.99.
KIKO 04 Green is a natural finish.
skinfood Mushroom Multi Care SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Natural Blend Mineral is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lavera Medium No. 2 is a natural finish and retails for $21.00.
Wet 'n' Wild Natural Blend is a Foundation. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Espresso (10) is a natural finish and retails for $46.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Stila H is a semi-matte finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Shiseido 3 is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.44 oz.
Cover FX Natural FX is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Aspen is a satin finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Gosh Natural Touch is a Foundation. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lirene Tanned is a matte finish.
IMAN Oil Blotting is a Foundation that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Chamomile is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
shu uemura Nobara Cream Cover Stick is a Foundation that retails for $44.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fashion Fair Bronze is a matte finish and retails for $22.50.
POP Beauty No Show Correct & Protect SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $24.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
POP Beauty Two is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.16 oz.
Maybelline Medium is a matte finish and retails for $4.99 and contains 0.70 oz.
Fashion Fair Oil Control Pressed is a Foundation that retails for $22.00. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fashion Fair Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $24.00.
Maybelline Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $4.99 and contains 0.45 oz.
Laura Mercier Oil Free is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop Oil Free SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Paula Dorf Cocoa Mocha is a natural finish and retails for $43.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Laura Mercier Oil Free Supreme is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fashion Fair Warm Caramel is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
LORAC Oil-Free Wet/Dry is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Light/Medium 340 is a natural finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 0.39 oz.
CoverGirl Soft Sable is a natural finish and retails for $14.99 and contains 0.40 oz.
skinfood Omija Complexion Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA Olive Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Corrector is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
CARGO 3 is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.60 oz.
Etude House On Screen Twin Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
By Terry Or de Rose Teint Supreme is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Ivory to Fair is a natural finish and retails for $11.89 and contains 1.50 oz.
Lucy Minerals Cream is a natural finish and retails for $15.00.
Hourglass No. 3 is a satin finish and retails for $46.00.
Vincent Longo 3 is a natural finish and retails for $38.00.
Lancome Ivory 10 is a natural finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Meow Cosmetics Pampered is a Foundation that retails for $24.95 and contains 3.00 oz. There are 85 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Pan-Cake is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Pan-Stik is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure Aqua SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $58.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain 04 Beige Moyen is a satin finish and retails for $80.00 and contains 0.31 oz.
Guerlain 04 Beige Moyen is a natural finish and retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Guerlain Rose Natural 13 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $58.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Guerlain Parure Compact with Crystal Pearls SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $64.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora Perfect is a Concealer that retails for $13.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aromaleigh Medium 3YL is a natural finish and retails for $17.00.
RMK 3 is a natural finish.
skinfood Peach Sake Pore SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute Peau Vierge Anti-Aging Correcteur SPF 16 is a Concealer that retails for $95.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Perfect & Correct is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Studio Gear Medium is a natural finish and retails for $18.00.
Inglot Perfect is a Concealer. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Radiance Perfect Blend Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $7.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Radiance Medium Hazelnut is a natural finish and retails for $4.99.
Vincent Longo Golden Sienna is a matte finish and retails for $44.00 and contains 0.21 oz.
Fashion Fair Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $24.00.
Vincent Longo Tan is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.70 oz.
IsaDora Perfect Coverstick is a Concealer that retails for $13.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ZA PO 10 is a natural finish.
ZA 3 is a natural finish.
Fashion Fair Tan is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 1.68 oz.
Fashion Fair Perfect Finish Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $18.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Paula Dorf Perfect Glo is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
American Beauty Light/Cool is a natural finish and retails for $28.00.
Shiseido I60 is a satin finish and retails for $31.00 and contains 0.38 oz.
3LAB Perfect SPF 40 PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $95.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Perfect Touch is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
American Beauty Perfecting is a Concealer that retails for $15.50. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO Perfect Teint is a Concealer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO Perfect Stick is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Miss Sporty Perfect Stay Coverstick is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Perfecting is a Concealer that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido B00 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $38.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
Black Opal Rich Caramel is a matte finish and retails for $9.50 and contains 0.37 oz.
Juice Beauty Tan is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Chanel 030 Beige is a natural finish and retails for $58.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
ZA 3 is a natural finish.
Sephora Perfecting SPF 20 Oil Free is a Foundation that retails for $21.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
American Beauty Light/Cool is a natural finish and retails for $18.50.
American Beauty Perfectly Even Finish is a Foundation that retails for $18.00. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Perfectly Real is a Foundation that retails for $24.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 25 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Phenomenal is a Foundation that retails for $36.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 0.35 oz.
Revlon Photo Ready Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Catrice 030 Caramel Beige is a natural finish.
Revlon Photo Ready Mousse is a Foundation that retails for $12.99 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Natural Beige is a luminous finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Smashbox Photo Set is a Foundation that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Givenchy 2 Perfect Pearl is a natural finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 0.80 oz.
Lancome Photogenic Lumessence is a Foundation that retails for $44.00. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sisley Phyto-Teint Eclat Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $119.00. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sisley Phyto-Teint Eclat Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $122.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sisley Phyto-Poudre Compact is a Foundation that retails for $109.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sisley 3 is a natural finish and retails for $88.00 and contains 0.58 oz.
CARGO 20 is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.53 oz.
Face Stockholm Picture Perfect is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Origins Plantscription is a Concealer that retails for $17.50 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CARGO PlantLove Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Edward Bess Warm Amber is a natural finish and retails for $38.00.
LORAC Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
skinfood Platinum Grape Cell Essential SPF 45 PA+++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Spin the Bottle is a semi-matte finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Aveeno Positively Radiant SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $16.99 and contains 2.50 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aveeno Positively Ageless Correcting SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $19.99 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Stockholm May is a matte finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
YSL 5 Pink Honey is a matte finish and retails for $45.50 and contains 0.29 oz.
Chanel 030 Naturel is a matte finish and retails for $52.00.
Merle Norman Powder Base is a Foundation. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ellis Faas Powder is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Poudre Compacte Eclat Et Matite - Matt & Radiant is a Foundation that retails for $45.50 and contains 0.29 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
mark Medium 7 is a natural finish and retails for $14.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Fashion Fair Pressed is a Foundation that retails for $22.00. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Stockholm Pressed is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral Bright Fit is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Gosh 03 Warm Sand is a semi-matte finish.
Paula Dorf Sandy is a matte finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.36 oz.
Sante Pressed is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot 12 is a matte finish.
gloMinerals Cocoa Dark is a semi-matte finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
IMAN Sand Light Medium is a matte finish and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Mica, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Silica, Kaolin, Lauroyl Lysine, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Powder, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Dehydroacetic Acid, Tocopherol, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Phytosphingosine, Ethyl Linoleate, Ethyl Linolenate, Ethyl Oleate. May Contain/Peut Contenir: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288)
The Body Shop Pressed Face is a Foundation that retails for $19.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Coastal Scents Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $6.95 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC NC20 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $17.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Victoria's Secret Pro Light FX Eye-brightening Pen is a Concealer that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
shu uemura Pro Gel is a Concealer that retails for $26.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fusion Beauty Golden Beige is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
LORAC Tahitian Tan is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 1.30 oz.
Helena Rubinstein 03 Warm Beige is a natural finish.
Helena Rubinstein 30 Gold Cognac is a natural finish.
Helena Rubinstein 30 Gold Cognac is a natural finish.
Chantecaille Protection Naturelle is a Foundation that retails for $72.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vichy Medium is a natural finish and retails for $32.50 and contains 1.35 oz.
Dr. Hauschka 3 is a natural finish and retails for $21.95 and contains 0.07 oz.
Tarte Light 04 is a natural finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.39 oz.
Elizabeth Arden 3 is a natural finish and retails for $38.50 and contains 0.29 oz.
Merle Norman Purely Mineral is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jane Iredale Mink is a semi-matte finish and retails for $52.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Merle Norman ML40 is a semi-matte finish.
Maybelline PureStay SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $7.49 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Meow Cosmetics Purrr-fect Cover is a Concealer that retails for $16.25. There are 85 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Meow Cosmetics Purrr-fect Puss is a Foundation that retails for $23.45 and contains 3.00 oz. There are 85 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Queen Collection Natural Hue Compact is a Foundation. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Queen Collection Natural Hue Liquid is a Foundation. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
No. 7 Quick Cover Blemish Stick is a Concealer that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres 04 Medium-Tan is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
No. 8 Quick Cover Blemish Stick is a Concealer that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Origins Quick, Hide! is a Concealer that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dermablend Deep is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.16 oz.
No. 7 Radiant Glow is a Concealer that retails for $12.99 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido I60 is a luminous finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.20 oz.
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty 2 Amber is a natural finish and retails for $45.00.
Laura Geller Real Deal is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Catrice 030 Rosy Beige is a natural finish.
Estee Lauder 3C1 Pale Almond is a luminous finish and retails for $85.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Estee Lauder 3C1 Pebble is a natural finish and retails for $70.00 and contains 1.10 oz.
Estee Lauder 3C1 Pebble is a natural finish and retails for $85.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Estee Lauder Medium is a luminous finish and retails for $50.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Alison Raffaele Skintone 6 is a satin finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
skinfood Red Orange Sun Pact SPF50 PA+++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Ivory 02 is a natural finish and retails for $37.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
mark Real Long-Lasting Hook Up is a Concealer that retails for $6.50 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Red Bean BB Cover Cake SPF 28 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Red Bean SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Red Orange Jelly SPF 20 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Medium is a matte finish and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
skinfood Red Orange Sun Stick SPF 30 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Renergie Lift SPF 20 Lifting Radiance is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Refining Fluid SPF 24 is a Foundation that retails for $120.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Redness Solutions SPF 15 with Probiotic Technology is a Foundation that retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Renergie Eclat Multi-Lift Multi-Action Tinted Skincare Illuminate + Lift Instant Enhancer is a Foundation that retails for $75.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Repairwear Laser Focus SPF 15/PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Resilience Lift Extreme Radiance Lifting SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $37.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder 1W1 Beech is a luminous finish and retails for $37.50 and contains 0.31 oz.
Temptu Retouch Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $47.00. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Temptu Retouch Loose Powder is a Foundation that retails for $43.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO Rich Treatment is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Pearl Deep is a natural finish and retails for $36.00.
Eve Pearl Deep is a natural finish and retails for $44.00.
skinfood Royal Honey Density Pact SPF 18 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Royal Honey Glow SPF30 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Rice Concealer Pen is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Royal Honey Density Pencil is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
gloMinerals Cocoa Dark is a satin finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.40 oz.
LaurEss Soft Yellow is a matte finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
skinfood Salmon Dark Circle Cream is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Alima Cool 0 is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.24 oz.
mark Deep is a natural finish and retails for $10.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
Laura Mercier Secret Camouflage is a Concealer that retails for $28.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Secret Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Secret Beam Pact is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC NW40 is a natural finish and retails for $18.00 and contains 0.33 oz.
MAC NC20 is a satin finish and retails for $17.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
Milani Natural Beige is a matte finish and retails for $4.99.
Milani Deep is a matte finish and retails for $4.99.
MAC NW43 is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.42 oz.
MAC NC20 is a matte finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
MAC NC20 is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Everyday Minerals Buttered Tan is a satin finish and retails for $12.99.
Burberry Sheer is a Concealer that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Erno Laszlo Shake-It is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 6.80 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA SH Series is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Sheer is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Deep is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Merle Norman M50 is a luminous finish.
Bobbi Brown Soft Sand is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 0.38 oz.
Smashbox Sheer Focus SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry Sheer Luminous Compact is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry Sheer Luminous Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Napoleon Perdis Sheer Genius SPF 22 is a Foundation that retails for $59.00 and contains 1.01 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry Sheer Luminous Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $52.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido I60 is a matte finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Mary Kay Ivory 1 is a natural finish and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.32 oz.
Edward Bess Beige is a satin finish and retails for $60.00.
gloMinerals Sheer Tint Base is a Foundation that retails for $33.50 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
By Terry Sheer-Expert is a Foundation that retails for $62.73 and contains 1.18 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Neutrogena Natural Beige is a matte finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Lirene Shiny Touch is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Deep bronze
Laura Mercier Cashew Beige is a natural finish and retails for $47.00 and contains 1.18 oz.
Missha Signature Dramatic Two-Way Pact is a Foundation that retails for $29.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Missha Signature Extreme Cover SPF 30 PA++ is a Concealer that retails for $16.99 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Missha Signature Wrinkle Filler SPF 37 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $45.99 and contains 1.55 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Origins Camel is a natural finish and retails for $26.50 and contains 0.38 oz.
Prescriptives Level 2 Warm is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.13 oz.
ZA 3 is a natural finish.
ZA Skin Beauty SPF 18 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl 505 Ivory is a matte finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 0.41 oz.
ZA Skin Beauty Two-Way SPF 20 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Exuviance Warm Beige is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
La Prairie Skin Caviar SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $195.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Skin Evolution Concealer is a Concealer. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Astor Ivory 100 is a natural finish.
Bobbi Brown Extra Light is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
NYC Cosmetics Skin Matching is a Foundation that retails for $3.99. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Per-fekt Translucent is a natural finish and retails for $57.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
Garnier Skin Renew Miracle Skin Perfector is a Foundation that retails for $12.99 and contains 2.50 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Per-fekt Rich is a natural finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
Ellis Faas Skin Veil SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $90.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Neutrogena SkinClearing Blemish is a Concealer that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Neutrogena Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.38 oz.
Neutrogena Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Cover FX Skintint FX is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $9.99 and contains 0.37 oz.
Merle Norman Sandy Beige is a matte finish.
Almay Smart Shade Anti-Aging is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier 12 is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 0.37 oz.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.20 oz.
Almay Light/Medium is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dermablend Mocha is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Dermablend Dusk is a semi-matte finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
Dermablend Smooth Indulgence SPF 20 Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Avon Sand Beige is a natural finish and retails for $12.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
Avon Sand Beige is a natural finish and retails for $11.00 and contains 0.48 oz.
Tarte Deep is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
Tarte Smooth Operator SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics Deep Beige is a matte finish and retails for $2.99.
NYC Cosmetics Medium is a natural finish and retails for $3.99.
CoverGirl Soft Sable 775 is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
NYC Cosmetics Translucent is a natural finish and retails for $2.99.
CoverGirl Medium 715 is a natural finish and retails for $6.99 and contains 0.14 oz.
Dianne Brill Smoothing is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Honey is a natural finish and retails for $6.99 and contains 0.32 oz.
Sephora Smoothing & Brightening is a Concealer that retails for $14.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Fair to Light is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 1.35 oz.
Miss Sporty So Clear is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Smoothing Crème is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Miss Sporty So Clear Coverstick is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Miss Sporty So Energetic is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO 03 Natural Beige is a satin finish.
Sante Porcelain 01 is a satin finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Miss Sporty So Matte Perfect Stay is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO 03 Medium Beige is a natural finish.
Benefit Some Kind-A Gorgeous is a Foundation that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Soft Focus Concealer is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sisley Soin Teinte Phyto-Hydratant is a Foundation that retails for $115.00 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Le Metier de Beaute Soft Touch SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $75.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RCMA Porcelain is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Helena Rubinstein Spectacular is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Extra Light Tint is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Gosh 3 is a natural finish.
Revive SPF 15 Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $85.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ZA 20 is a natural finish.
Victoria's Secret SPF 15 Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $15.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Sandy Beige is a semi-matte finish.
bareMinerals SPF 20 is a Concealer that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Speedy Total Balm is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mary Kay Ivory 1 is a natural finish and retails for $18.00 and contains 1.50 oz.
Active Ingredients: Octinoxate (5.5%), Octisalate (3.0%); Other Ingredients: Water (Aqua), Disiloxane, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Peg-30 Dipolyhydroxystearate, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Glycerin, Isohexadecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Phenoxyethanol, Boron Nitride, Jojoba Esters, Magnesium Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Squalane, Methicone, Disodium Edta, Methylparaben, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Propylparaben, Lauryl Pca, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ppg-15 Stearyl Ether, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate. May Contain (): Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides).
Cle de Peau O10 retails for $90.00 and contains 0.38 oz.
Pur Minerals SPF 20 Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Natural Radiance is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Josie Maran Espresso is a natural finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Bobbi Brown SPF 35 BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Blush is a natural finish and retails for $43.00 and contains 1.50 oz.
Cle de Peau O10 is a natural finish and retails for $120.00 and contains 1.10 oz.
CARGO Tan is a natural finish and retails for $37.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Bare Escentuals SPF 30 Natural Sunscreen is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Buff Beige is a matte finish and retails for $4.99 and contains 0.49 oz.
Suqqu 3 is a natural finish.
Nylon-12, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Magnesium Stearate, Silica, Phenyl Trimethicone, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Cyclopentasiloxane, Zinc Stearate, Boron Nitride, Tocopheryl Acetate, Dimethiconol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Stila Beige is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Water/Aqua /Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Cyclohexasiloxane, Cetyl Ethylhexanoate, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire d’Abeille, Glyceryl Laurate, Stearyl Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Oleate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Octadecene, Ethylhexylglycerin, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Phenoxyethanol. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Clinique 2 Alabaster is a matte finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Origins Stay Tuned is a Foundation that retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Paul and Joe Beaute 2 Fraiche is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
Clinique Stay Amber is a matte finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.36 oz.
bareMinerals Stroke of Light is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC NW40 is a natural finish and retails for $17.00 and contains 0.24 oz.
e.l.f. Studio Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $3.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Deep Dark is a natural finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 1.30 oz.
e.l.f. Studio Pencil & Brush is a Concealer that retails for $3.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Studio Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $3.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC NC15 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $17.00 and contains 0.19 oz.
MAC Studio Sculpt SPF 15 Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 23 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Studio Secrets Magic Smoothing Souffle is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 0.67 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Studio Secrets Magic Skin Beautifier is a Foundation that retails for $10.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Studio Tech is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 32 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox 3.1 is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
ACTIVE INGREDIENT(S): Oxybenzone 3% Octinoxate 7.5% Octisalate 5%  INACTIVE INGREDIENTS: Water (Aqua), Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Propylene Glycol, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Steareth-21, Dimethicone, Steareth-2, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Xanthan Gum, Polyacrylamide, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Laureth-7, DMDM Hydantoin, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate, Retinyl Palmitate (Va), Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve), Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate (Vc), Aloe Vera Leaf Juice, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
Missha Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $5.99.
Missha Natural Beige is a natural finish and retails for $5.99.
ARTDECO Sun Protection SPF 30 is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Sun Protection Stick SPF 35 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
RMK Ex-01 is a natural finish.
American Beauty Super Plush is a Foundation that retails for $18.50. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Medium Deep C6-7-8 is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 0.17 oz.
Clarins 04 Honey is a natural finish and retails for $79.00 and contains 1.30 oz.
Clinique Linen is a matte finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Clinique Matte Tawny is a matte finish and retails for $21.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Maybelline Natural Beige is a natural finish that is discontinued and retails for $9.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
philosophy Supernatural Airbrushed Canvas SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline SuperStay 24 Hour Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Superbalanced SPF 15 Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $34.50 and contains 0.63 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Illusion is a luminous finish and retails for $31.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Urban Decay Surreal Skin Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Trance is a natural finish and retails for $35.00.
Laura Geller Take Cover Anti-Aging SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Sweet Potato Hydra SPF20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Sweet Potato Chiffon Cake is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
skinfood Sweet Potato Hydra Cushion Pact SPF25 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Teint Idole Fresh Wear is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kat Von D Light 16 is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
By Terry Teint Delectation is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Porcelaine is a natural finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Chanel 30 Cendre is a satin finish.
Lise Watier Porcelaine is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Lancome Bisque 1 (N) is a natural finish and retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Lise Watier Teint Multi-Fini Compact is a Foundation that retails for $31.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Teint Parfait is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Porcelaine is a matte finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
YSL 03 Opal is a luminous finish and retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
By Terry Teint Terrybly is a Foundation that retails for $88.86. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Teint Resist Long Wear Endless Comfort Transfer Resistant SPF 10 is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Polypropysilsequioxane, Isododecane, Dimethicone, C30-45 Alkyldimethylsilyl, Polypropylsilsequioxane Silica, Glycerin, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Dimethicone/Polyglycerinej-3 Crosspolymer, Sodium Chloride, Nylon-12, Paraffin, Cyclomethione, Aluminum Hydroxide, Disodium Edta, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Dipropylene Glycol, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Acrylates Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol Chlorphenesin, Ethylparaben, [+/- May Contain CI 77007 / Ultramarines, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide].
Guerlain Terracotta Skin Healthy Glow is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Terracotta Teint d'Ailleurs is a Foundation that retails for $47.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain 01 Blondes is a natural finish and retails for $47.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Shiseido I40 is a luminous finish and retails for $43.50 and contains 1.00 oz.
Shiseido I60 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $38.50 and contains 4.00 oz.
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty 13 is a matte finish and retails for $52.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
Shiseido 3 is a natural finish and retails for $18.00 and contains 0.04 oz.
Shiseido The Makeup Stick is a Foundation that retails for $38.50 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Mer Translucent is a natural finish and retails for $65.00 and contains 0.88 oz.
La Mer The Radiant SPF 25 is a Concealer that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty The Sensual Skin Enhancer is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.63 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Light is a luminous finish and retails for $38.00 and contains 2.10 oz.
La Mer Light is a natural finish and retails for $70.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Kevyn Aucoin 1 is a natural finish and retails for $56.00.
La Mer Porcelain is a luminous finish and retails for $85.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
theBalm timeBalm anti-wrinkle is a Concealer that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm timeBalm Cream is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.75 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm timeBalm Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.75 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm timeBalm Spot is a Concealer that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Time Out is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Timeless Age Defying SPF 20 is a Foundation. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Nude is a natural finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Mary Kay Ivory 1 is a matte finish and retails for $20.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Too Faced Nude Glow is a luminous finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 1.50 oz.
Living Nature Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $37.00 and contains 1.69 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Buff Beige is a semi-matte finish.
Black Opal Hazelnut is a matte finish and retails for $9.50 and contains 0.40 oz.
Black Opal Hazelnut is a matte finish and retails for $8.95 and contains 0.50 oz.
Chantecaille Cream is a natural finish and retails for $37.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
YSL 3.5 Luminous Almond is a luminous finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
By Terry Touch-Expert Advanced is a Concealer. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sensai Total Finish SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sensai Total Finish Natural Matte SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Touche Eclat - Radiant Touch is a Concealer that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives Level 3 is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dr. Hauschka 3 is a natural finish and retails for $36.95 and contains 1.00 oz.
Trish McEvoy Treatment SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $75.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora Treat & Cover Stick is a Concealer that retails for $13.00 and contains 0.01 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
By Terry Touche Veloutee is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL BR30 is a natural finish and retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Koh Gen Do PK 1 is a natural finish and retails for $58.00 and contains 0.31 oz.
CoverGirl TruBlend Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lumene 2 Honey Beige is a matte finish.
Lumene 2 Honey Beige is a matte finish.
CoverGirl TruBlend Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $8.49 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Opal Hazelnut is a matte finish and retails for $8.95 and contains 1.15 oz.
Black Opal True Color Crème to Powder SPF 8 is a Foundation that retails for $9.50 and contains 0.37 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Opal Black Walnut is a satin finish and retails for $9.50 and contains 0.50 oz.
Alison Raffaele True Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $25.00. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Soft Sable (C6) is a luminous finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
L'Oreal True Match Naturale SPF 19 is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fashion Fair Gracious Garden is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
L'Oreal Cocoa (C8) is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
L'Oreal Light is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 0.07 oz.
L'Oreal Cocoa (C8) is a natural finish and retails for $8.99 and contains 0.33 oz.
L'Oreal Buff Beige is a natural finish and retails for $10.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
Almay Truly Lasting Color SPF 12 Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $10.99 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ZA PO 10 is a natural finish.
ZA True White Plus Two-Way SPF 20 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Sand Beige is a natural finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.39 oz.
Almay Truly Lasting Color SPF 15 Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $10.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cinema Secrets Ultimate 300 Series is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cinema Secrets Ultimate 200 Series is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Black Up Two Way Cake is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cinema Secrets Ultimate 400 Series is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
American Beauty Light is a luminous finish and retails for $25.00.
Cinema Secrets Ultimate 500 Series is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cinema Secrets Ultimate 600 Series is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Ultimate Match SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Catrice 030 Honey is a natural finish.
Wet 'n' Wild Ultimate Sheer SPF 15 is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kiehl's Ultra Facial SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $24.50 and contains 2.25 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Face Atelier Ultra is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora 21 Camouflage Beige is a matte finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Merle Norman Ultra Powder is a Foundation. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Merle Norman Ivory is a luminous finish.
Lumene 2 Honey Beige is a natural finish.
Fresh Umbrian Clay Freshface SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fresh 3 is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Peter Thomas Roth Light is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Paul and Joe Beaute 2 Nougat is a natural finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.33 oz.
Peter Thomas Roth Un-Wrinkle Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
gloMinerals Under Eye is a Concealer that retails for $31.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot DW1 is a natural finish.
Laura Mercier Under Eye Perfecter is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lise Watier Miel is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
Hard Candy Undercover Agent is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Meow Cosmetics Undereye is a Concealer that retails for $10.25. There are 85 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Under-Eye is a Concealer that retails for $20.63 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Halo is a natural finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Clarins UV Plus HP Daily Shield SPF 40 is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.69 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Amazing Cosmetics Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.18 oz.
Burberry Velvet is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vincent Longo Warm 4 is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.39 oz.
Clarins Light is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.70 oz.
Amazing Cosmetics Velvet Mineral Powder is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Amazing Cosmetics Ivory is a semi-matte finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Prescriptives Virtual Matte Oil-Control is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IsaDora Velvet Touch Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $17.00 and contains 1.20 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives Virtual Matte Oil-Control SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prescriptives Real Antelope (11) is a natural finish and retails for $37.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Le Metier de Beaute Visage de Soie is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Line Minimizing is a Foundation that retails for $14.49. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Creamy Natural is a natural finish and retails for $13.49 and contains 1.25 oz.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Repair Absolute is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Serum Absolute Advanced Age-Reversing is a Foundation that retails for $12.99 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Serum Absolute SPF 17 Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Light is a natural finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 0.05 oz.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Smooth Absolute Instant Age Reversing is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 0.85 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel 20 Beige is a natural finish and retails for $58.00.
skinfood Vita Tok water Pact SPF 20 PA+ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel 30 Beige is a natural finish and retails for $45.00.
Chanel 030 Cendre is a natural finish and retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Almay Wake Up Hydrating is a Foundation that retails for $12.99 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lumene Vitamin C+ Illuminating SPF 20 is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $12.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Almay Wake Up Under Eye is a Concealer that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ck one Water Fresh SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prestige Bisque is a natural finish and retails for $7.95.
Korres Wild Rose Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres Wild Rose Compact is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit You Rebel Lite SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jemma Kidd Wrinkle Rescue and Brightener is a Concealer that retails for $35.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Gosh X-Ceptional Wear is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit You Rebel is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Youth Code Illuminator SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $16.99 and contains 2.50 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Light is a satin finish and retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Physicians Formula Youthful Wear Youth-Boosting Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $12.99 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot YSM Pressed is a Foundation. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot 41 is a natural finish.
Jane Iredale Zap & Hide is a Concealer that retails for $26.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Zero Spot is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua RF 105 is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Make Up For Ever 117 is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.01 oz.
Active Ingredients: Zinc Oxide 18%. Inactive Ingredients: Iron Oxides, Mica, Bismuth Oxychloride, Titanium Dioxide

Bobbi Brown Cool Beige (3.25) is a natural finish and retails for $41.00 and contains 0.31 oz.
Benefit Champagne (Cheers To Me) is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Bobbi Brown Cool Beige (3.25) is a natural finish and retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Clarins Everlasting SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Extra Firming SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $46.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins 108 Sand is a satin finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.20 oz.
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Silica, Synthetic Beeswax, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Cera Carnauba, Cire de carnauba), Squalane, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprate, Triacontanyl PVP, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Tocopherol, Tribehenin, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Bisabolol, Phytosphingosine, Ethyl Linoleate, Ethyl Linolenate, Ceramide NG, PEG-10 Phytosterol, Ethyl Oleate, Palmitoyl Hexapeptide-12, Triethoxycaprylylsilane (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288)
Hourglass Illusion Oil Free SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Cetyl PEG/PPG 10/1 Dimethicone, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glycerin, Glyceryl Behenate, Glyceryl Dibehenate, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Hexyl Laurate, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Isododecane, Isoeicosane, Macrocystic Pyrifera Extract, Magnesium Sulfate, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Phenoxyethanol, Phenyl Trimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Potassium Sorbate, Propylene Carbonate, PVP, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Silica, Sodium Benzoate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tribehenin, Triethoxylcaprylylsilane, Water. May Contain (+/): Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Dior Medium Beige 030 is a natural finish and retails for $47.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Illamasqua Skin Base is a Foundation that retails for $42.86 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 25 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Natural Performance is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC C3 is a natural finish and retails for $33.00 and contains 4.00 oz.
LORAC Breakthrough Performance is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC NC20 is a semi-matte finish and retails for $30.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
MAC NC15 is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
MAC NC20 is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
MAC Medium Dark is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
MAC NW40 is a matte finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 0.52 oz.
Maybelline Medium Beige 3 is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
NARS Soleil is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
NARS Chantilly is a natural finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
NARS Mountain is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.20 oz.
PCApothecary Body Butter is a Eyeshadow that retails for $6.50 and contains 4.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create endless combinations with this playful range of neutral, pastel, and vivid graffiti top coats. Coverage is buildable, so you can experiment with layers and let your inner artist shine.
Formula X A+ is a neutral fuchsia with a cream finish that is permanent and retails for $14.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Lightshow Luminizing Powder is a Cheek Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illuminating eye color by Laura Mercier is a gorgeous eyeshadow with a multidimensional pearl finish formulated for a smooth, even application.
Inspired by Laura Mercier's cult classic Caviar Eye Liner, Caviar Stick Eye Colour is offered in a range of beautiful shades and in a creamy formula to provide endless options for a flawless smoky eye. Each convenient stick is long-wearing, transfer-proof, and crease-resistant. The color glides onto lids and blends easily with a rich pigment-payoff.
Cheat your way to intense, bedazzling eye colour in the stroke of a pencil! Bring out your eyes’ natural gemstone sparkle with my COLOUR CHAMELEON eye shadow pencils, infused with synthetic sapphire. Enhance your natural eye colour with clever lighting tricks I’ve learnt over 20 years in the industry: using the laws of contrasting colours and light flex technology you can literally transform and enhance your natural eye colour.
Per-fekt Skin Perfection CC Crème SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Origins 02 Medium to Dark is a natural finish and retails for $35.00 and contains 1.40 oz.
Water, Dimethicone, Isohexadecane, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Peg-10 Dimethicone, Alcohol, Propanediol, Butylene Glycol, Polybutene, Acrylates Copolymer, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ozokerite, Magnesium Sulfate, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Peg-10, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cellulose, Sodium Potassium Aluminum Silicate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Propylene Carbonate, Aluminum Hydroxide, BHT, Silica, Sodium Hyaluronate.
Dior Hydra Life BB Crème Broad SpectruM SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $56.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
WEI Chinese Licorice Anti-Aging Color Correction CC Cream is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.17 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Light is a natural finish and retails for $19.50 and contains 0.50 oz.
Quartz, Ruby Powder, Tourmaline, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Smithsonite Extract, Sea Salt/Maris Sal/Sel Marin, Hydrolyzed Pearl, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, BHT, Kaolin. May Contain(+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI77491, CI77492, CI77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510).
Lancome 540 Suede retails for $38.00 and contains 0.67 oz.
Lancome Teint Visionnaire Skin Correcting Makeup Duo is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Isobutane, Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butane, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Peg/Ppg-20/15 Dimethicone, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Peg/Ppg-18/18 Dimethicone, Dimethicone, Sodium Chloride, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Iron Oxides (Ci 77492), Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-4-Isostearate, Cetyl Peg/Ppg 10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Phenoxyethanol, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Dimethiconol, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Propylene Carbonate, Iron Oxide (Ci 77491), Hexylene Glycol, Iron Oxides (Ci 77499), Anthemis Nobilis (Chamomile) Flower Extract, Corallina Officinalis (Red Seaweed) Extract, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20, Tocopherol, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7.
Ardency Inn Americana Custom Coverage Concentrate is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Perfection Powder Featherweight Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $46.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Givenchy Teint Couture Long-Wearing Compact Foundation SPF 10 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cover FX G Light-Medium is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Givenchy Teint Couture Long-Wearing Fluid Foundation Broad Spectrum SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.80 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Sheer and Perfect Foundation SPF 18 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dermadoctor DD Cream Dermatologically Defining BB Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Moisture Surge CC Cream Hydrating Colour Corrector Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown BB Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever 4 Medium Beige is a natural finish and retails for $44.00 and contains 1.01 oz.
Bobbi Brown Luminous Moisturizing Treatment Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $52.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Cococin Cream Compact is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Air Buffed BB Crème Complete Coverage Makeup Broad Spectrum SPF 20 Sunscreen is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.98 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres Quercetin & Oak Antiageing Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.91 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kate Somerville IllumiKate CC Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 50+ is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Glycerin, Isododecane, Alcohol Denat. Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Hydrated Silica, Phenoxyethanol, Acetylated Glycol Stearate, Magnesium Sulfate, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Trihydroxystearin, Cellulose Gum, Nylon-12, Silica, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Limonene, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Benzyl Salicylate, Benzyl Alcohol, Tin Oxide, Linalool, Diphenyl Dimethicone, Acrylates Copolymer, Fragrance, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Methylparaben, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Methicone, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Alumina, Aluminum Hydroxide, Hexyl Cinnamal.
Guerlain 03 Beige Naturel is a semi-matte finish and retails for $59.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
bareMinerals READY Touch Up Veil Broad Spectrum SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure de Lumiere is a Foundation that retails for $59.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Prep + Prime BB Beauty Balm Compact SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals READY Foundation Broad Spectrum SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.49 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Maestro Fusion Compact Foundation SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $64.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Fawn is a natural finish and retails for $78.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Tom Ford Beauty Finishing Powder is a Foundation that retails for $75.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Instant Concealer is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Youth Liberator Serum Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $69.00. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Traceless Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $78.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Nylon-12, Titanium Dioxide, Dimethicone, Magnesium Stearate, Triisocetyl Citrate, Cetyl Dimethicone, Paraffinum Liquidum / Mineral Oil, Caprylyl Glycol, Perlite, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Lauroyl Lysine, Stearic Acid, Aluminum Hydroxide. May Contain: Mica, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77163 / Bismuth Oxychloride, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Japonesque Velvet Touch Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $36.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Japonesque Luminous Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $36.00. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Smart Shade Mousse Makeup is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Clean Whipped Crème Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $7.79 and contains 0.60 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Magic Nude Liquid Powder Bare Skin Perfecting Makeup is a Foundation that retails for $12.95. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Fit Me Shine Free Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain marries incredibly fine powders and subtle pigments to create Les Voilettes Evanescent Powder. The ultra-absorbent blend perfectly sets makeup and adorns skin in a matte veil virtually imperceptible to the naked eye. Skin is left velvety but not powdery and resplendently radiant.
The stunning design of Les Voilettes meshes art and sophistication with an embedded Swiss dot-and-lace motif for the most luxurious experience.
Revlon Parfumerie Scented Nail Enamel is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.99 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
These long-wear, sparkling eye shadows are formulated for a weightless shine and a velvety shimmer finish. Wear alone or layered for eye-catching drama, day or night. The secret is sugar crystals, which create a transparent base and a shimmering pearlescent reflection for the ultimate holiday sparkle.

These shimmering glosses are perfect for the holiday season. Infused with wild mango butter and packed with metallic pigment, the fluid gloss melts onto lips for super comfortable, long-lasting, and nourishing wear. A few strokes of the applicator wand drenches lips with a smooth-as-glass, high-intensity foil glow. 
Dolce&Gabbana Classic Cream Lipstick offers intense colour with rich moisture for long-lasting seductive lips. Embrace your mood with an array of feminine shades, from delicate nudes to vibrant reds.
bareMinerals Holiday 2013 Set is a Makeup Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Smoke and Define Double-Ended Eyeliner is a Eyeliner.
bareMinerals Lash Domination is a Mascara.
Talc, Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Diethylhexyl Succinate, Silica, Nylon-12, Zinc Stearate, Polyethylene, Iron Oxides, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Trimyristin, Ximenia Americana Seed Oil, Aluminum Hydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Caprylyl Glycol, Tocopherol, Aqua (Water), Stearic Acid, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder, Sodium Hyaluronate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate.
Buxom Full-Bodied Lipstick Set 2013 is a Lip Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Face & Body Luminizer is a Cheek Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals The Luminizer is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Diamond in the Rough that is limited edition and retails for $6.99 and contains 0.39 oz.
Experience saturated lip color, sensuous balm care and polished lip shine from Maybelline New York Color Elixir by Color Sensational. The exclusive smoothing angora brush delivers a polished, even application and smoothing sensation to lips. The balm infused formula, with pure color pigments, leaves lips feeling cushiony soft.
Anna Sui Nail Color is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lit Cosmetics Clearly Liquid Glitter Base is a Tools.
With a short, narrow shape, the brush delivers a firm, precise stroke to line lashes and lips. Also defines and fills brows. Synthetic fibres. Handle features special grip design and tilted brush tip for ultimate precision. Sleek black finish. M•A•C store exclusive.
The ultimate multipurpose tool, with an elongated oval shape and slightly pointed tip. Smoothly shades and blends powder or cream eye shadows, powder, and liquid or cream concealer in the hard-to-reach contours of the face. Synthetic fibres. Handle features special grip design and tilted brush tip for ultimate precision. Sleek black finish. M•A•C store exclusive.
Ideal for blush, foundation or powder, the rounded, medium-sized brush applies, blends and contours all over the face or cheeks for even, flawless coverage. Synthetic fibres. Handle features special grip design and tilted brush tip for ultimate precision. Sleek black finish. M•A•C store exclusive.
Shades specially developed in partnership with global superstar and pop culture icon Fergie. This exclusive collection is a reflection of the singer's versatility, with looks ranging from rock-star glam to phunky hip to viciously edgy. Each on-trend shade embodies Fergie's experimental style, specially formulated with glitters, confetti, chromes, metallics, and exclusive neon pigments that offer endless nail design creations.
bareMinerals Luminous Hydrating Body Cream is a Body that retails for $35.00 and contains 6.00 oz.
Perfect, full, kissable lips really do grow on trees… Charlotte’s debut range of lipsticks are truly remarkable and boast a fail-safe recipe for perfect lips. The unique formula features seed extracts from ‘The Lipstick Tree,’ a plant extract that is exclusive to Charlotte Tilbury. ‘The Lipstick Tree’ is a rare, exotic tree with nurturing and protective properties were originally discovered by Native American women who used the seeds to paint and protect their lips. With an anti-oxidant that naturally protects lips from UV damage and external pollution, lips are left cashmere soft and irresistible. With a wide range of backstage nudes to red carpet reds these lipsticks are blended with special waxes and clever light-diffusing pigments for pert, full-bodied, ultra-brilliant lips that are sure to leave a lasting impression!
Calvin Klein Infinite Matte is a Foundation. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Holiday 2013 iPhone Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $25.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Oil, Mica, Caprylic/Capric/Stearic Glycerides, Orbignya Oleifera (Babassu) Seed Oil, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Tocopherol Acetate (soy-derived Vitamin E), Fragrance oil (lip-safe fragrance). May contain: Titanium Dioxide, Tin Oxide, Manganese Violet, Iron Oxides, Synthetic Flurophogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Red #7, Red#6, Red #21, Red #27, Blue #1, Red #40, Yellow #6.
Inspired by the whimsical colors of the Amazon and infused with naturally derived ingredients from its lush vegetation, these Amazonian butter lipsticks add a splash of rich color and creamy shine for a perfect pout. Each skin-flattering shade is enriched with sustainably harvested cupuacu and murumuru butters to deliver intense moisture and help restore and soothe even mature lips. 
Our blush is created to give color, not shimmer, though some have a slight sheen, the exception being Captivate which has a shimmery golden highlight. Colors that do not contain dyes are noted. All of our blushes are safe for use on the lips, however certain shades are not for use around eyes (noted in the description).
Bobbi Brown Eye Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $48.50 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.

Available in ten eye-catching shades, the moisturizing formula offers glossy shine and vivid color to keep you turning heads and breaking hearts!
With lips this gorgeous, it won't be long until Paul & Joe has you under the mistletoe.. But since this is not a limited Edition item, celebrate Christmas everyday, all year with our Glossy Lip Color.
Paul and Joe Beaute Lipstick CS Refill delivers a fairytale inspired look with a touch of the fall season. Formulated with orange flower water and jojoba oil they keep lips soft and impart a healthy glow. Place the refill in any one of the custom lipstick cases for a personalized look. 
Revlon Whimsical (115) is a cool fuchsia with a luminous finish that is permanent and retails for $8.99 and contains 0.10 oz.
rms beauty Shade 11 is a luminous finish and retails for $36.00 and contains 0.20 oz.
Three perfect swatches of ultraflattering blush allow you to either swirl the colors together and apply or use more of one shade for a custom flush or highlight. This blush was developed with easy application and a no-fail color palette to take the guesswork out of creating a sweet, romantic flush. With a baked color formula— the same technology that allows it to truly work on all skintones—the blush can be applied as a beautiful buildable finish. 
Water, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Polysilicone-11, Butylene Glycol, Isononyl Isononanoate, Silica Dimethicone Silylate, Dimer Dilinoleyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Glycerin, Isododecane, Sodium Chloride, Methicone, Glyceryl Caprylate, Calcium Carbonate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Trihydroxystearin, Potassium Sorbate, Methylpropanediol, Caprylhydroxamic Acid, Disodium Edta, Peg/Ppg-18/18 Dimethicone. May Contain (+/-):CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxide).
Kat Von D Lock-It Tatoo Concealer is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.58 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Sun Protection Liquid Foundation SPF 42 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Sun Protection Compact SPF 34 PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This groundbreaking brow definer is a powder, gel, pencil, and setting wax all in one cashmere clay formula. It applies creamy, sets dry, and doesn’t move until you decide to remove it. Too Faced created this product to give women the confidence in knowing their brows will last longer than a day at work and a night on the town. 
Z Palette Small Palette is a Tools that retails for $14.00.
Z Palette Dome Palette is a Tools that retails for $25.00.
Z Palette Pro Palette is a Tools that retails for $25.00.
Z Palette Large Palette is a Tools that retails for $20.00.
Z Palette 4U Palette is a Tools that retails for $18.50.
Nothing compares in magically highlighting the skin. This formula is the ultimate illuminator for creating a sensuous, sheer, luminous glow. A must have beauty product and our biggest seller. Best of all, the living luminizer enhances the skin's natural youthfulness without being sticky, greasy or glittery.
A glamorous sparkling mascara top coat that adds a beautiful shimmer to lashes. The gel based formula allows for easy, even application. 
bareMinerals Full Face Collection 2013 is a Makeup Palette that retails for $54.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Break Away is a warm plum with a satin finish that is limited edition and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
bareMinerals Eyecolor Set 2013 is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inspired by vintage jewels, this luxuriously smooth powder eye shadow accentuates eyes with brilliant, sumptuous color. 
When it comes to gorgeous lips, don’t compromise shine for colour. Your pout can have it all in a new formula inspired by Asian trends, hugging your lips in hues that stay bright for up to six hours. Huggable Lipcolour provides a lasting, glossy finish that helps boost collagen, leaving lips smooth and sculpted. A unique gel base allows each shade to smooth effortlessly onto the skin, with a feather-light finish giving immediate moisture.

bareMinerals READY Convertible Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create a glowing-from-within appearance with The Celestial Skin Liquid Lining. The formula is a cream/gel hybrid that glides on easily, bringing an illuminating effect to the complexion, and it absorbs into the skin without leaving a pale, powdery finish. This skin enhancer is infused with jojoba and honey to help moisturize the skin, and it provides complete, crease-proof coverage. Smooth on radiance and a delicately highlight with this highly pigmented, lustrous formula that provides a boost of shaping light—and it never appears shimmery, glittery, or greasy. 
Giorgio Armani Highlighting Palette is a Highlighter that retails for $88.00 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain’s new cream blushes melt instantly into the skin, leaving a satiny finish with a delicate violet scent. Available in 2 shades, a cheerful fuchsia and delicate pink, Météorites blush comes encapsulated in a perfectly round white and silver case, paying homage to the Météorites bubble.
What it is: An illuminating powder that delivers pure radiance. What it does: Inspired by light and created by Guerlain, Météorites Pearls employ the technology of white light, which is used in photography and film to erase imperfections and soften features. A constellation of 6 multi-colored pearls blend together for a flawless, radiant complexion. These pearls-with-a-purpose have now been reinvented in 3 color harmonies that are adapted to each skintone.
Guerlain Meteorites Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $42.00.
The rich pigments of Mineralize Eye Shadow are a cult favourite of M•A•C lovers everywhere, because of their bold, blendable shades and gorgeous shimmer. Now you can create an array of looks for day and evening with Mineralize Eye Shadow x 4, six new compacts in complementing colour waves. Suitable for all skin tones, the pre-filled palettes come with four shades each. For optimal results, apply and blend with the 286 Duo Fibre Tapered Blending and 287 Duo Fibre Eye Shadow Brushes.
Experience lip gloss that has rich color, extreme high shine, and comfortable lasting wear. Brilliant Shine Lip Gloss is moisturizing and non-tacky. The flexible sponge-tip applicator makes application easy. Paraben-free. 
New non-drying formula, long-lasting shine, stain, & color coverage. Available at CVS.
Infused with pure pigments for a shockingly intense full lip color. Application of a gloss with the longevity of a lipstick. Lightweight, full coverage formula.
A smooth easy glide-on, mistake proof formula that prevents lipstick & liploss from feathering. Serves as lip primer & line filler when used all over lips & extends
the wear of any lipstick or lipgloss. Enriched with vitamins & moisturizing ingredients for a creamy application. Sharpens with Milani’s Duo Pencil Sharpener.

Perfect duo for a luminous effect around the eyes. Can be used as a brightener, highlighter & eyeshadow. Brow lifting, light diffusing pigments.
Milani Brow Shaping Clear Gel is a Brow that retails for $4.49. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Milani Brow Shaping Clear Wax is a Brow that retails for $4.49. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ergonomic handle for easy application. Full color definition in one stroke application. Extreme fine-tip point creates three line styles.

Milani Gold Label Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.69. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Scandalously shiny. Extremely creamy. Sensual to ecstasy.
Irresistibly tempting to kiss. Yves Saint Laurent offers lips a totally unique experience
with its new sense-stimulating gloss – the latest in the Volupté family. A revolutionary formula, luscious nectar, with an extreme high-shine. Its heavenly light texture, creamy beyond compare,
embraces the lips like a sensual “bouche à bouche” thanks to its patented kiss-shaped applicator. Lips are lathered in intense glossy colour with golden, iridescent or pure colour, outlining an irresistible smile that stirs the desire for more. Indulge in the sensual pleasure of its sumptuous texture, luscious colour and dazzling shine.
YSL Face Collector Palette is a Blush that retails for $50.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Eye Collector Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $58.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Yves Saint Laurent MASCARA VOLUME EFFET FAUX CILS Luxurious Mascara achieves an intense, dramatic lash look in a single stroke, for lashes that stop traffic with the blink of an eye. Its secret is the Triple-Film Complex: a film-coating for intensity, a conditioning film for curve, and a fixing film for long-lasting effectiveness.
An object of desire, this award-winning lipstick is wrapped in a romantic, elegant gold case that exudes luxury. Each signature shade saturates lips in captivating color that’s intensely pigmented, and imparts an irresistible glossy shine. The long-lasting, comforting formula is highlighted with a unique Color-shine Complex that leaves lips visibly smoother, plumper and more radiant. Light, silky texture smoothes on a veil of satiny, sensual color that’s altogether alluring.
This eyeliner offers the look of a liquid with the ease of a pencil. Its formula offers intense, shimmering color in nearly any circumstance for up to 16 hours of beautiful wear.
Five amazing shades in one convenient package for an unbeatable price! Each eyeshadow palette features five distinct shades that can be mixed and matched to create a unique look for every style. From matte to ultra-shimmer, these long-lasting, highly pigmented formulas are satiny-smooth for crease resistant wear. Enriched with Macadamia Oil, each shadow provides continuous moisture that improves the appearance of the delicate eye area.
Youngblood Natural Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Pressed Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $47.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Mineral Radiance Crème Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $56.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Liquid Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $49.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Mineral Radiance Moisture Tint is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Ultimate Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Mineral Rice Setting Powder is a Foundation that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Pressed Mineral Rice Powder is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Youngblood Hi-Definition Hydrating Mineral Perfecting Powder is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Stay Matte Liquid Mousse Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Soft Beige is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Rimmel London Wake Me Up Concealer is a Foundation that retails for $4.99 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
LORAC CC Cream is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 1.23 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Miracle Touch Liquid Illusion Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Outlast Stay Fabulous 3-in-1 Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Nearly Naked Makeup is a Foundation that retails for $9.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Nearly Naked Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $9.99. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Numeric Proof Smart Skin Face Fluid is a Foundation. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $8.95 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Bella Donna Loose Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $55.00. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Bella Donna Ultimate Pure Perfection Liquid Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $58.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Bella Donna Compressed Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $55.00. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Bella Donna Anti-Aging Mineral Mystique Hydrating Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $44.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Bella Donna Mineral Eraser is a Concealer that retails for $32.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
An innovative and comforting lipstick enhanced with fruit extracts rich in vitamins and antioxidants that leave lips visibly softer and smoother with up to eight hours of hydration. 
Infused with the force of attraction of a man with style and sensuality, this fresh, woody fragrance is effervescent with bright, sparkling notes of bergamot, ginger, and vetiver. This fragrance of contrasts is a unique combination of luxury, art, and modernity for timeless elegance.
Infused with the force of attraction of a man with style and sensuality, this fresh, woody fragrance is effervescent with bright, sparkling notes of bergamot, ginger, and vetiver. This fragrance of contrasts is a unique combination of luxury, art, and modernity for timeless elegance.
Break free with L'Homme Libre. This modern, woody scent opens with bergamot and violet leaves and is enlivened with a shiver of nutmeg and pink pepper. A classic fragrance with an unexpected freshness, it expresses the contagious power of freedom.
Break free with L'Homme Libre. This modern, woody scent opens with bergamot and violet leaves and is enlivened with a shiver of nutmeg and pink pepper. A classic fragrance with an unexpected freshness, it expresses the contagious power of freedom.
This balm dresses your lips in a sheer veil of brilliant color boosted with vitamin- and antioxidant-rich fruit extract. Its ultra-light, sensual texture leaves lips feeling soft and hydrated for up to eight hours and is ideal for year-round use.
This balm dresses your lips in a sheer veil of brilliant color boosted with vitamin- and antioxidant-rich fruit extract. Its ultra-light, sensual texture leaves lips feeling soft and hydrated for up to eight hours and is ideal for year-round use.
A unique mascara with a patented formula that provides defined volume, lash-by-lash separation, and up-to-24-hour wear. 
Exclusive to YSL, the amplified helix brush provides instant volume to the lashes. The slim brush design allows for perfect control and precision and the off-center twist enhances length and curl. The beautifully creamy formula with pro-vitamin B5 coats each lash evenly, creating a thick and lustrous fringe with a wet look.
Exclusive to YSL, the amplified helix brush provides instant volume to the lashes. The slim brush design allows for perfect control and precision and the off-center twist enhances length and curl. The beautifully creamy formula with pro-vitamin B5 coats each lash evenly, creating a thick and lustrous fringe with a wet look.
Octyldodecanol, Butyloctyl Salicylate, Stearyl/Ppg-3 Myristyl Ether Dimer Dilinoleate, Neopentyl Glycol Diheptanoate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Polyethylene, Microcrystalline Wax, Polybutene, Propylene Glycol Dibenzoate, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Candelilla Wax, Titanium Dioxide, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Fragrance, Caprylyl Glycol, Water, Ammonium Glycyrrhizate, Mannitol, Polyurethane-15, Acacia Senegal Gum, Glyceryl Stearate, Lecithin, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Butylene Glycol, Rosemary (Rosmarinus Officinalis) Extract , Yeast (Faex) Extract , Daucus Carota Sativa (Carrot) Root Extract, Retinyl Palmitate, Citric Acid [+/- May Contain: Ci 77019 (Mica), Ci 77491 (Iron Oxide), Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 15850 (Red 7), Ci 15850 (Red 6), Ci 45410 (Red 28 Lake), Ci 77492 (Iron Oxide), Silica, Ci 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), Ci 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), Ci 17200 (Red 33 Lake), Ci 75470 (Carmine), Ci 12085 (Red 36), Ci 77499 (Iron Oxide), Ci 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), Ci 77742 (Manganese Violet), Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Ci 73360 (Red 30), Synthetic Fluorphlogopite.
Introducing Manifesto, a sensual, captivating fragrance from Yves Saint Laurent. A bouquet of jasmine punctuated by green notes and a bold trail combining wood, vanilla, and tonka beans are the signature of this new declaration of femininity. 
This blush has an amazing velvety-soft texture that offers a luminous, radiant, and healthy look. The cream-to-powder formulation feels like silk, and makes an excellent touch-up tool throughout the day.
This blush has an amazing velvety-soft texture that offers a luminous, radiant, and healthy look. The cream-to-powder formulation feels like silk, and makes an excellent touch-up tool throughout the day.
Yves Saint Laurent GOLDEN GLOSS Shimmering Lip Gloss is the ultimate in beauty luxury. This gloss forms a mirror-effect on the lips with sparkling gold mother-of-pearl.
This beguiling mascara creates lashes that stop traffic with the blink of an eye. Now available in a long-wear waterproof formula with 24-hour hold, the mascara also comes with a slim, inversed-spiral brush designed to work specifically to maximize lash volume with precision. 
La Nuit de L'Homme by Yves Saint Laurent tells a story of intensity, bold sensuality, and seduction that lies half-way between restraint and abandon. Bright, masculine freshness combines with sophistication and nonchalance to create a fresh, yet deep and mysterious scent with notes of Cardamom, Cedar, and Coumarin—a structure of contrasting forces.
La Nuit de L'Homme by Yves Saint Laurent tells a story of intensity, bold sensuality, and seduction that lies half-way between restraint and abandon. Bright, masculine freshness combines with sophistication and nonchalance to create a fresh, yet deep and mysterious scent with notes of Cardamom, Cedar, and Coumarin—a structure of contrasting forces.
This eyeliner features a fine, flexible brush that ensures precise contouring and a flawlessly even line with every application. Its long-wearing, silky formula glides on with intense, bold color that stays looking fresh throughout the day.
The essence of a woman who is incredibly free—she is not from Paris, but Paris adopts her. She knows how to love, how to live. Parisienne is the fragrance of ultra-femininity and sensuality, built with notes of blackberry, damask rose, and sandalwood. The grand floral with a woody structure is luminous even in its mystery.
Effet Faux Cils Long-Wear Cream Eyeliner creates a spectacularly intense line without creasing or flaking. Its soft, silky formula formulated with quick-drying oils creates a lightweight base for smooth application without skipping. Beautiful and mess-proof, it stays put for smudge-proof, all-day wear.
Effet Faux Cils Long-Wear Cream Eyeliner creates a spectacularly intense line without creasing or flaking. Its soft, silky formula formulated with quick-drying oils creates a lightweight base for smooth application without skipping. Beautiful and mess-proof, it stays put for smudge-proof, all-day wear.
Rarely in the history of fragrance has a creation embodied such enchantment, mystery, magic, and exoticism. Introduced in 1977, Opium symbolizes Yves Saint Laurent's fascination with the Orient and his unique understanding of a woman's hidden emotions and inexplicable passions. Opium arouses the senses with an exotic blend of lush florals, rich spices, and deep wood notes.
SOIN PINCEAU ÉCLAT INSTANTANÉ Top Secrets Flash Radiance Skincare Brush is Yves Saint Laurent's latest breakthrough product and the first of its kind. Inspired by the immediate and high-stress beauty needs backstage at fashion shows, this unique hybrid skincare and makeup product provides instant smoothness and radiance in addition to long-lasting evenness of skin's tone, texture, and hydration.
This textured blush captures and reflects the light to enliven cheekbones with a veil of color. Available in an array of luminous shades, Blush Radiance sculpts and highlights the cheekbones, leaving a vibrant yet soft powder finish.
This textured blush captures and reflects the light to enliven cheekbones with a veil of color. Available in an array of luminous shades, Blush Radiance sculpts and highlights the cheekbones, leaving a vibrant yet soft powder finish.
YSL Top Secrets Flash Touch Wake-Up Eyecare is a Concealer that retails for $44.00.
This targeted skincare product instantly reduces the look of enlarged pores and mattifies shine, making skin appear visibly smoother. Skin quality is improved and ready for a flawless makeup application.
Infused with the force of attraction of a man with style and sensuality, this fresh, woody fragrance is effervescent with bright, sparkling notes of bergamot, ginger, and vetiver. This fragrance of contrasts is a unique combination of luxury, art, and modernity for timeless elegance.
The ideal tool to apply Le Teint Touche Éclat, this brush is made of synthetic fibers and is a perfect balance between firmness and suppleness to enable a smooth and flawless application. Its long wooden handle, which combines style and ergonomic design, provides a perfectly balanced center of gravity enabling fluid and precise gestures.
L'Homme Cologne Gingembre has an increased zesty and spicy freshness that is pleasantly addicting. The attractive force of Chinese ginger combines with the sensuality of modern woody accents, creating an enthralling fragrance for men.
This bi-phase eye makeup remover instantly dissolves all makeup, even waterproof, without leaving an oily film on the eyelids. Pro-vitamin B5 helps strengthen the lashes and soothing chamomile extract ensures the eye area is left clean, pure, and relaxed.
Yves Saint Laurent DESSIN DES LÈVRES Lip Liner is a high precision and richly textured lip pencil which outlines, redefines, and colors the lips, ensuring lipsticks last longer. It defines the lip contour and lasts all day, without smudging or feathering.
Yves Saint Laurent DESSIN DES LÈVRES Lip Liner is a high precision and richly textured lip pencil which outlines, redefines, and colors the lips, ensuring lipsticks last longer. It defines the lip contour and lasts all day, without smudging or feathering.
This toner and cleanser quickly and effectively dissolves makeup and impurities while preserving the skin's natural lipids. Powered with glycerin, Micellar Water hydrates the skin for a soft, supple and moisturized feeling. Detoxifying and energizing kombucha tones the skin to reveal complexion radiance. 
YSL Touche Eclat Rain Strass Edition is a Concealer that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Effet Faux Cils Felt-Tip Eyeliner draws a precise black line with ultimate intensity. Its calligraphy-like tip and water-based formula glides on smoothly without flaking for easy application and a carbon black pigment that delivers the blackest black color and 12 hours of wear. 
Effet Faux Cils Felt-Tip Eyeliner draws a precise black line with ultimate intensity. Its calligraphy-like tip and water-based formula glides on smoothly without flaking for easy application and a carbon black pigment that delivers the blackest black color and 12 hours of wear. 
YSL's long-lasting eye pencil contains a formula saturated in pigments for intense color that stays true for hours and hours. The innovative, exceptional glide-on texture combines comfort and ultra-long hold and a wax adhesive acts as a fixing agent to reinforce the intensity of the pigment for hours.
YSL's long-lasting eye pencil contains a formula saturated in pigments for intense color that stays true for hours and hours. The innovative, exceptional glide-on texture combines comfort and ultra-long hold and a wax adhesive acts as a fixing agent to reinforce the intensity of the pigment for hours.
This specially designed eyeliner brush allows you to create a customizable look, from a natural line to a more winged effect. The brush works perfectly with Effet Faux Cils Long-Wear Cream Eyeliner thanks to its synthetic long bristles.
Become the source of addiction. Grace and beauty pair with an uncompromising personality to reveal an angelic, yet dangerously seductive, Yves Saint Laurent woman. A mysterious woman, a powerful and unsettling seductress who is at once ingenuous and dangerous. 
Become the source of addiction. Grace and beauty pair with an uncompromising personality to reveal an angelic, yet dangerously seductive, Yves Saint Laurent woman. A mysterious woman, a powerful and unsettling seductress who is at once ingenuous and dangerous. 
These eye shadows can be used dry, like a traditional eye shadow, for a subtle shimmering effect, or wet, for a full-intensity pigment metallic finish. These remarkable properties give everyone the freedom to create any kind of eye look from simple to dramatic in seconds.
These eye shadows can be used dry, like a traditional eye shadow, for a subtle shimmering effect, or wet, for a full-intensity pigment metallic finish. These remarkable properties give everyone the freedom to create any kind of eye look from simple to dramatic in seconds.
YSL Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 82 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Yves Saint Laurent OMBRES 5 LUMIÈRES 5 Colour Harmony For Eyes is a palette of five monochrome eye shadow colors. Each palette holds four luminous, alluring shades of varying intensity and finish—matte, shiny, pearly, or iridescent—and one highlighter. The highlighter is the magic touch, to lighten and widen the look instantly, while the deepest color is used to structure and define the eyes.
Yves Saint Laurent OMBRES 5 LUMIÈRES 5 Colour Harmony For Eyes is a palette of five monochrome eye shadow colors. Each palette holds four luminous, alluring shades of varying intensity and finish—matte, shiny, pearly, or iridescent—and one highlighter. The highlighter is the magic touch, to lighten and widen the look instantly, while the deepest color is used to structure and define the eyes.
Infused with the finest French “cashmere talc,” this non-dusty, non-drying translucent powder sets makeup and creates a flawless finish. A unique light-reflecting ingredient creates a soft-focus appearance that smoothes away fine lines and imperfections as it sets your makeup. The translucent shade looks and feels natural on all skintones, and creates a flawless finish. Use it to add a velvety finish to any makeup or for a bit of color and coverage when foundation is not worn. 
Create the perfect canvas for your eyes. The sheer, creamy texture blends easily and smoothly, leaving a long-lasting semi-matte finish. The eyes are primed and imperfections and discolorations are covered, leaving lids smooth and even. Skin-friendly ingredients enhance this delicate skin, while botanicals soothe and vitamins A, E, and C provide anti-oxidant protection. Water-resistant and crease-proof, it contains natural clay, which prevents creasing. 
Provide healthy-looking, natural color to cheeks and face. The ultralightweight formula feels weightless on skin and applies smoothly and blends effortlessly. The silky, velvety texture feels comfortable, while the long-wearing formula lasts up to eight hours and stays color-true without oxidizing for an even wear. Each tile is hand-mixed with a unique design. 
This sheer, high-shine gloss can be worn alone or layered over lip color to add a touch of luster to lips.ips.
Laura Mercier Smooth Focus Pressed Setting Powder - Shine Control is a lightweight, oil-free powder that visibly eliminates shine and produces a fresh, matte complexion. The naturally derived Shine Control Complex controls oil breakthrough and the ultra-sheer, mint green shade works to correct redness and visibly even out the skintone. It's ideal for touch-ups throughout the day as it keeps your complexion flawless and shine-free.
Laura Mercier Second Skin Cheek Colour is a light-as-air, velvety powder blush that sweeps on sheer color easily and evenly. With skin-silkening natural botanicals, your complexion looks naturally blushed and lit from within. Light-diffusing qualities allow a mistake-proof, flawless application that lasts all day.
This smooth, blendable pencil has a triangular shape that provides excellent grip for even, accurate application and definition.
A luxurious lipstick that gives lips the ultimate in colour, texture, and finish. In one smoothing swipe, the crème formula envelops lips in rich colour with a semi-lustrous finish.
Laura Mercier HydraTint SPF 15 is a multipurpose lip balm combining long-lasting moisture, SPF protection and sheer natural color. Formulated with mint and orange for breath-freshening flavor, it adds a hint of color for the perfect flawless lip. Lips are instantly soothed with ultra-emollient shea butter, grapeseed oil, and green tea extract. Fortified with SPF 15, HydraTint SPF 15 shields lips from everyday aggressors with broad-spectrum (UVA and UVB) protection and is enriched with Laura Mercier's exclusive Lip Complex to keeps lips soft and supple throughout the day.
Kohl Eye Pencil has a thicker diameter and is formulated specifically for lining the inside of the eyelid, at the base of the lashes.
This sunscreen goes on sheer, with no oily residue, to help shield skin from damaging sunrays and seasonal changes. It helps to create an invisible shield against damaging UVA and UVB rays, preventing visible signs of aging. This daily sunscreen is formulated with Adaptogen technology which may help the skin adapt to seasonal changes.
Laura Mercier Full Blown Volume Lash Building Mascara dramatically thickens, lengthens, and curls lashes. The lightweight, nutrient-infused formula leaves lashes super-shiny, soft, and clump-free all day long. The innovative bristled bullet-shaped brush is perfectly engineered to work harmoniously with the advanced Natural Cotton Fiber-infused formula to provide high volume, thickness, suppleness, and resistance.
This daily moisturizer restores hydration and increases skin's ability to retain moisture. Allantoin soothes and softens skin, while Vitamins E protects skin against the effects of seasonal changes.
This ultramoisturizing lip color is a cross between lip balm, lip color, and lip glace. It cares for your lips while delivering color in a sheer and sophisticated finish. Flawless and healthy-looking lips are just a swipe away! 
Create the appearance of the most naturally perfected skin, while maximizing the wear and coverage of makeup. This transparent white setting powder brightens, lightens, and boosts luminosity. Formulated with light-reflecting micronized pigments, this super-soft weightless powder delivers a soft radiant finish, never settling in fine lines, accentuating shadows, or building up on skin. 
Laura Mercier Tightline Cake Eye Liner is an easy-to-use, cake eyeliner that delivers long-lasting color payoff. The smudge and transfer-resistant formula glides on the lash line smoothly and stays all day long. Perfect for on the go, pop out your favorite shade from its compact and place it in a three or six-well Custom Compact for a customized palette. 
With her passion for natural, healthy-looking skin, Laura wanted to create an innovative product to add a youthful glow to the face and body. This modern, wearable pearl leaves skin gleaming without being too frosty or metallic, while lightly fine-milled French “Cashmere” Talc provides incredibly soft texture. With light-reflecting properties that blend together to give the skin a healthy all-over glow, it brightens the eyes, cheeks, and body with a hint of natural color and light. 
Laura Mercier Bronzed Pressed Powder is a silky-smooth bronzing powder that delivers a soft luminosity and healthy, sunny glow. The velvet composition adheres to the skin providing longer wear while special pigments blend evenly into the skin. The mistake-proof application provides the perfect 'back to beach' look.
Laura Mercier Long Lash Mascara extends and precisely separates the thinnest, shortest, hard-to-reach lashes by expertly scooping up and lengthening each one—while delivering just the right amount of product. The perfectly engineered brush, designed to meet Laura's specifications, dramatically lengthens and defines each lash. An innovative stretch formula lengthens, separates and curls each lash making lashes appear longer in just two strokes. The long-wearing, water-resistant and smudge-proof formula contains rich dark pigments to enhance lash color for maximum drama.
This smudge-resistant, lightweight eye color gently smooths onto the lid for an even application. Ultra blendable and versatile, this eye color can be applied dry for an even wash of color or wet for a more vibrant effect. 
This smudge-resistant, lightweight eye color gently smooths onto the lid for an even application. Ultra blendable and versatile, this eye color can be applied dry for an even wash of color or wet for a more vibrant effect. 
This advanced antiaging moisturizer helps firm, smooth, and rejuvenate skin. Ingredients like yeast extract help to plump the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while Laura Mercier’s unique Peptide Collagen Complex firms the look of skin. Argan oil provides intensive hydration as deep sea water supports natural cell renewal. 
This fragrant body cream provides all-day moisture protection without being heavy or greasy. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, the Almond Coconut Body & Bath Collection features playful yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This long-lasting formula wears evenly and stays color-true. Formulated with therapeutic botanicals to moisturize and soften lips, while filling in ridges and fine lines.
This long-lasting formula wears evenly and stays color-true. Formulated with therapeutic botanicals to moisturize and soften lips, while filling in ridges and fine lines.
As a renowned makeup artist, Laura Mercier really knows the dramatic impact of false lashes. With that in mind, she created her latest mascara to give real lashes extreme volume and length for intense exaggeration and drama. Formulated with a blend of waxes, not fibers, it delivers an even, glossy finish with buildable volume that lasts for up to 10 hours. 
This fragrant body cream provides all-day moisture protection without being heavy or greasy. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, the Crème Brûlée Body & Bath Collection features playful yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This light-diffusing powder has micro-refined spherical silica that help create a soft focus, diminishing the look of fine lines and imperfections while smoothing skin. The universal shade matches all skintones, from light to deep, and blends in easily and effortlessly without ever looking cakey or powdery. Non-drying and suitable for all skin types, it disappears upon application to flawlessly set makeup for all day wear for a youthful-looking finish with no build-up or residue. 
Primarily for touch-ups throughout the day over makeup, this innovative formula 'soaks up' facial oil and mattifies the skin on contact. The lightweight gel removes shine for hours, leaving a translucent, matte finish. It's gentle enough to use over any Laura Mercier foundation and is free of oils, parabens, and fragrances.
This advanced antiaging eye cream helps to smooth, firm, and hydrate the eye area. Vitamin A reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while multiple active peptides lift and firm the look of skin.
Fuller-, healthier-, sexier-looking lips awash in color and shine await. This gloss instantly hydrates, moisturizes, and smoothes lips with a refreshing, cooling sensation, while an infusion of unique ingredients penetrate the skin, support natural collagen production, and smooth the lip surface. 
This ultrasmooth creamy formula provides a silky soft finish with the precision of a liquid liner. Waterproof and designed for extended wear (up to eight hours), it is smudge-proof, transfer-resistant, and crease-free. It glides on smoothly and evenly, delivering immediate color-impact and intensity. Along with creating a fine, precise line and definition in one stroke, it also provides a beautiful, semi-matte, non-oily finish with full-coverage color. 
This cleaner deeply cleanses, removing all makeup and impurities while leaving skin soft and dewy.
Body Butter absorbs quickly into skin to deliver the ultimate in hydrating luxury. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, the Almond Coconut Body & Bath Collection features playful yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
Mineral Finishing Powder is the final step to setting the flawless face with its superfine and completely sheer powder formula. Ideal for setting other mineral formulas and liquid foundation, the Mineral Finishing Powder helps to prolong the wear of makeup, protect the skin, control sebum production and visually minimizes pores for a fresh look.
This vitamin-rich, nourishing lip protectant with an SPF 15 contains unique ingredients that help boost the collagen levels in the lips, resulting in a fuller, plump appearance. Can be worn under lip color or alone.
Perfect for those who want to simplify their skincare regimen, this dual-action cleanser foams up to remove makeup (including eye makeup) without stripping the skin. Its formula also helps balance skin's pH levels leaving skin soft, feeling refreshed and clean.
Lip Colour - Shimmer delivers luscious color in an irresistibly lightweight formula. Its unique blend of moisturizing, antiaging, antioxidant and plumping ingredients enhance the lips leaving a smoother, healthier appearance. One swipe of color provides hydration and prevents moisture loss ensuring fresh and flawless lips.
Lip Colour - Shimmer delivers luscious color in an irresistibly lightweight formula. Its unique blend of moisturizing, antiaging, antioxidant and plumping ingredients enhance the lips leaving a smoother, healthier appearance. One swipe of color provides hydration and prevents moisture loss ensuring fresh and flawless lips.
Specially designed to pick up and hold powder for an even application to all areas of the face.
This daily moisturizer restores hydration and increases skin's ability to retain moisture. Allantoin soothes and softens skin, while Vitamins E protects skin against the effects of seasonal changes.
This soothing eye makeup remover quickly dissolves long-wearing and waterproof eye makeup with no oily residue. The soothing cucumber-infused formula leaves the eye area feeling fresh and clean.
This cream contains xylan, which smoothes the skin's texture while argan oil boosts hydration. The lipid barrier is repaired with minerals in Deep Sea Water.
Laura Mercier All Over Eye Colour Brush is a large flat head brush with a beveled edge to smooth and perfect application of base shades. The large head allows for quick maneuvering and application of Laura Mercier Eye Colours.
This brush is uniquely designed with flat bristles that are angled to a point. It’s the perfect tool for Secret Camouflage and Secret Concealer. The pointed tip allows for precise placement in the tiniest areas—shadows, corners of eyes, tiny scars, and blemishes. The flatter, wider surface at the base is ideal for larger areas—ruddy cheeks, patches of broken capillaries, sun spots, and other areas of discoloration. 
Specifically designed by Laura Mericer to work with the Crème Eye Liner, this angled eyeliner brush is designed with an angled ferrule to reach up over the lashes and easily apply along the lash line. The shorter handle is easy to hold and lets you get even closer to your mirror for a more precise application, while the unique point lets you determine the width of the line by simply increasing pressure to widen definition. 
This fragrant scrub gently sloughs away dead skin cells, leaving smooth, radiant, polished skin. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, the Ambre Vanillé Body & Bath Collection features playful, yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This advanced lotion provides lightweight, oil-free hydration while helping to repair and protect skin, for a smoother, radiant, and younger-looking complexion. Formulated with green tea extract, it helps to prevent and diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Sunscreen and antioxidant ingredients provide a daily barrier to protect the skin. 
Face Brush is a black goat hair, kabuki-style brush with severely rounded edges and a gently cut angled head allowing for fuller coverage on the planes of the face. Ideally used with the Mineral Powder SPF 15 as well as other powder formulations.
This lip treatment reduces feathering by softening the look of fine lines and wrinkles and helps soothe cracked and parched lips for a smoother surface.
This precise, contoured, cone-shaped eyeliner brush can be used to create the perfect smoky eye, working equally well on the upper and lower lash lines. With synthetic bristles that allow for mistake-proof application and complete control, it’s the perfect partner for Laura’s Caviar Eye Liner. 
Lip Colour - Crème delivers ultra-rich color in an irresistibly lightweight formula. Its unique blend of moisturizing, antiaging, antioxidant and plumping ingredients enhance the lips leaving a smoother, healthier appearance. One swipe of color provides hydration and prevents moisture loss ensuring fresh and flawless lips.
Lip Colour - Crème delivers ultra-rich color in an irresistibly lightweight formula. Its unique blend of moisturizing, antiaging, antioxidant and plumping ingredients enhance the lips leaving a smoother, healthier appearance. One swipe of color provides hydration and prevents moisture loss ensuring fresh and flawless lips.
This super-hydrating, deeply penetrating scented cream comforts and soothes hands, leaving skin moisturized and velvety soft. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Almond Coconut Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This brush, specifically designed to be used with the Invisible Loose Setting Powder, lightly sweeps setting powder onto skin to help create a soft focus effect, diminishing the look of fine lines and imperfections while visibly smoothing skin.
Laura Mercier Mineral Illuminating Powder imparts a natural, healthy glow with the help of pure pearl powder and a rich Gemstone complex of diamonds, emeralds, and other precious and semi-precious stones. The Gemstone Complex captures and reflects light—making it the perfect complement to eyes, cheeks, or face. The formula's weightless texture provides sheer coverage and a radiant soft-focus effect that perfects any look.
This eye gel cream reduces the appearance of dark circles and puffiness, giving the eye area a visibly brighter, more awakened look. Immediately upon application, skin looks softer and smoother with fewer lines. Long term, the tone and texture of skin visibly improves. Its lightweight texture quickly absorbs to soothe and provide a surge of moisture helping to protect the delicate eye area against environmental stresses. 
This pH-balanced cleanser and toner melts away all makeup (even eye makeup). Its non-stripping formula quickly sweeps away impurities, leaving skin soft, and feeling refreshed and clean.
This super-hydrating, deeply penetrating scented cream comforts and soothes hands, leaving skin moisturized and velvety soft. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Fresh Fig Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This liquid activator mixes easily with Tightline Cake Eye Liner to form a paste for even application. The unique polymers provide a long-lasting effect that doesn’t fade throughout the day. Perfect for on the go, the activator dries quickly and feels lightweight on the eyelid. 
Body Butter absorbs quickly into skin to deliver the ultimate in hydrating luxury. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, Crème Brûlée Body & Bath Collection features playful yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This refreshing moisture mist provides a surge of hydration, preparing the skin for serums and moisturizers by helping the absorption of key ingredients.
This luxurious body scrub gently sloughs away dead skin cells, leaving smooth, radiant, polished skin. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With the Fresh Fig Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This brush is uniquely designed with flat bristles and a tapered, oval tip. It’s the perfect size and shape to set Secret Concealer and Loose Setting Powder because it allows you to work in a small area
This luxurious body scrub gently sloughs away dead skin cells, leaving smooth, radiant, polished skin. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Almond Coconut Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful, yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
Laura Mercier Custom Eye Compact allows you to pop out three of your favorite Eye Colours from the new Lustre, Matte, or Sateen Eye Colour selections and place in this Custom Compact. You'll get customizable, convenient, and countless looks in one refined compact.
This super-hydrating, deeply penetrating scented cream comforts and soothes hands, leaving skin moisturized and velvety soft. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Crème Brûleé Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This super-hydrating, deeply penetrating scented cream comforts and soothes hands, leaving skin moisturized and velvety soft. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Crème de Pistache Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
Laura Mercier Custom Compact 6 Well leads the way to customizable, convenient, and countless looks in one refined compact. Custom Compact allows clients to customize their own palette using six of their favorite Eye Colours, Eye Liners, Caviar Eye Liners, or Second Skin Cheek Colours. The exceptional design of the compact ensures that each pan simply snaps in and stays in place so you can mix things up for endless looks.
Body Butter absorbs quickly into skin to deliver the ultimate in hydrating luxury. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Crème de Pistache Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful, yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
Laura Mercier Body Bronzing Makeup instantly reveals radiant, bronzed skin—without long-term commitment. The satiny-smooth formula contains light-reflective particles that disguise imperfections while adding a subtle, all-over sheen. Lightly scented with the Almond Coconut Milk, it is streak free, transfer resistant, and easily washes off when ready.
Laura Mercier Lip Stain provides the visual effect of a stain with the comfort and sheen of a lip gloss. Long-lasting, with a balmy satin finish, it leaves lips looking effortlessly polished with a subtle sophistication. Dermatologist tested.
This luxurious body scrub gently sloughs away dead skin cells, leaving smooth, radiant, polished skin. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With the Crème Brûlée Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This fragrance captures the essence and flavor of the pâtisserie and is the essential finishing touch to your fragrance regimen. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With the Crème de Pistache Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This fragrant body cream provides all-day moisture protection without being heavy or greasy. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, Crème de Pistache Body & Bath Collection features playful yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
Body Butter absorbs quickly into skin to deliver the ultimate in hydrating luxury. Inspired by Laura Mercier’s French upbringing, the Fresh Fig Body & Bath Collection features playful yet sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
This fragrance captures the essence and flavor of the patisserie and is the essential finishing touch to your fragrance regimen. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With the Fresh Fig Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
A luxuriously smooth eye shadow that imparts pure dynamic iridescence with a sophisticated frost finish providing amazing adherence for a freshly applied look throughout the day. Compatible with Laura’s signature 3 and 6 well Custom Compacts, create your personalized look for eyes, cheeks and lips.
Soft-sparkle effects that glisten and captivates. The deep-impact shades can be swept over eyes softly for a stunning day look, or applied with more intensity for evening glamour. Compatible with Laura’s signature 3 and 6 well Custom Compacts, create your personalized look for eyes, cheeks and lips.
This ultra-portable palette features a bronzer and cheek colors for delivering a sunkissed, “no-makeup” look.
This ultra-portable palette features a bronzer and cheek colors for delivering a sunkissed, “no-makeup” look.
Laura Mercier Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Enhance your eyes. This timeless trio features a range of shimmering cool classics for a flawless eye look. It includes a three-well custom compact with two limited-edition eye shadow colors, Sparkling Dew and Rosewood. Then complete your look with another limited edition: Tightline Cake Eye Liner in Violet Asphalt. 
Laura Mercier Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Eye Liner is a Eyeliner. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Enhance your eyes with this collection of shimmering neutrals for a flawless look. This exclusive set includes a three-well custom compact with two limited-edition eye shadow colors, Warm Sands and Sundown. Then complete your look with another limited edition: the Tightline Cake Eye Liner in Ground Espresso. 
Laura Mercier Bronzing Duo is an innovative two-shade bronzer that allows you to custom blend the perfect amount for a healthy, sunkissed look—all without exposing skin to the harmful effects of the sun and environment. The soft golden sheen adds an additional glow to the skin. Oil-free and extremely long-wearing, Bronzing Duo contains color pigment that blends evenly into the skin for a natural bronzed look without changing color or fading throughout the day.
Create endless looks using each shade dry for a more natural look or wet to add intensity and drama to the eyes. This lightweight baked formula is blendable, applying smoothly and evenly for a crease-free, smudge-resistant finish that lasts. Color stays true and does not fade. This versatile formula can be applied wet or dry, and is exceptionally long-wearing when used wet—it can last up to eight hours. 
Guerlain eyebrow kit features everything you need to structure and style your eyebrows like a pro. Mix and match a blend of light, medium and dark powder shades to blend with your brow line, and finish with a pearly-pink-beige highlighter to add emphasis to your eyes.

Advanced Therapy Moisturizing Lotion is our solution for your extra-dry skin and will leave your skin soothed and deeply moisturized. This non-greasy formula, which contains Vitamins E & B5 and skin essential lipids naturally found in healthy skin, replenishes and strengthens your skin's moisture barrier. Clinically shown to moisturize extra-dry skin for 24 hours, and transforms extra-dry skin into healthier-looking, resilient skin in just one week.
Sparkle Skin Body Exfoliating Cream brings even rough, hardened skin to a new kind of smoothness. Stimulates. Refines. Invigorating granules rub away persistent dullness, flakiness. 
This vitamin enriched powder bronzer features multiple shades of bronzer that blend together to create a natural look. Formulated with Antioxidant Vitamins A and E to nourish skin and aloe extract to soothe and comfort skin.
Creates a skin-perfecting luminous glow. Multi-colored mineral pearls for an illuminating glow. Unique palette of multi-colored pearls blends together to create an instantly glowing complexion and a perfectly even skin tone. Real mineral pearl extract delivers a luxurious skin-perfecting effect: Radiant finish blurs imperfections, revealing a flawless and youthful glow; Protects and conditions skin with antioxidant properties.
Lid Splash Liquid Eyeliners have been specially formulated for extra long durability; they are also moisture resistant and will not leave crease marks on your eyes. They come in metallic, matte, and our one step glitter application. 
Create beautifully defined lines with this rich, creamy formula. Applies effortlessly as it delivers long lasting drama with a velvety finish. Comes with an easy to use, conveniently-sized brush.
The biggest brush ever from CoverGirl, for a blast of lush, volumized lashes! Last Blast's patented volume-boosting formula and patent-pending brush is designed to max out each and every lash leaving you with the ultimate big lash look. Removes easily with soap and water. Hypoallergenic & suitable for contact lens wearers.
Maybelline Instant Age Rewind Double Face Perfector is a Concealer that retails for $3.29 and contains 0.80 oz.
Milani Minerals Compact Makeup is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.30 oz.
Sets makeup without looking powdery or dry, oil absorbing and for all skin types
Redken All Soft Shampoo gently cleanses and softens, leaving hair soft, manageable and shiny. Advanced silkening formulas contain Redken's exclusive Interbond Conditioning System and illuminating Silk-Luxe Complex. Hair is wrapped in softness with increased manageability, movement and luminous shine. Advanced silkening formulas transform the texture of dry, brittle hair.
Quench your dry season when Moist Shampoo rolls in. With accents of Aloe, a moisturized feel of refreshment will pour over your hopeful hair. 
Bring out the natural beauty of your hair with this pH-balanced deep cleansing formula that helps remove residue without stripping moisture.
This dry shampoo is based on softening, protective oat extract, cyclodextrins and natural polysaccharides (micronized powders with very powerful oil absorbing properties) to clean the hair without washing, as often as required. The hair regains volume and lightness within minutes. Quick and practical to use, is is particularly recommended for busy people or the bed-ridden, who cannot wash their hair.
Batiste Dry Shampoo is perfect to use between washes. A quick burst revitalizes hair & removes any excess grease. Hair feels gorgeously clean & fresh with added body & texture.
This flake-free hair spray offers flexible hold, workability, and exceptional memory. It holds up to heat and repeated brushing, and is excellent for styling dry hair with heat tools or as a flexible finishing spray.
This Product will hold your style and make you feel in control of your hair all day long. Has 24 hour humidity resistance to defend against frizz and fly-aways. Its water-free formula will give your hair the perfect amount of hold without the stickiness for that just-left-the-salon look.
With an exceptionally high level of thermal protection of up to 428 degrees, hair is not only repaired & replenished but also thoroughly protected inside and out. Features strengthening Organic Bamboo Extract and smoothing Kendi Oil for hair that is stronger, sleeker and noticeably healthier without frizz.
Thermal Creations Heat Tamer Spray by TRESemme guards against heat and friction to keep your hair shiny and incredibly soft. Instantly transforms all hair textures, enhancing strands' flexibility to reform and hold shape.
In a smooth sphere for easy application that precisely glides on lips, this lip balm has broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection. This lip balm contains Vitamin E, shea butter and jojoba oil to keep your lips kissably smooth.
Contains natural UV filters to protect against the sun while penetrating the surface of lips with nourishing ingredients.
Keeps manicures beautiful up to 10 days. Exclusive acrylic polymer complex helps get you out of the door in a flash. Just 30 seconds to set. High gloss superior shine. Double UV filters shield manicure from fading and discoloring. Helps resist chipping. Salon Tested. Dermatologist Tested.
Seche Vite, it's an amazing thing. When you apply it to your nail color it penetrates all the way down to the nail bed to create a bond so strong that you can truly forget about your nail color chipping or peeling. This is as good as it gets.
Give your cuticles some TLC. Specially formulated, this buttery cream taps Sweet Almond Oil and Cocoa Seed Butter to moisturize and soften your cuticles while Vitamin E and Sunflower Oil nourish brittle nails. Feel pampered and polished from tips to toes.
Strengthening Nail Polish Remover is formulated to help soften cuticles and add strength and resiliency for more beautiful nails. Salon formula with nail strengthening gelatin.
Swipes away makeup, smudges, dirt and grime, pronto! Oversized, luxurious, super-saturated with special M·A·C cleanser infused with protective vitamin E. Hydrates and nourishes highly efficiently. Extremely refreshing. Totally addictive. Slickly packed, re-sealable, ready to go!
This effective yet gentle facial cleanser was originally formulated for dermatologists to keep normal to oily skin clean and healthy.
This non-foaming gel cleanser thoroughly removes the day's makeup, dirt and oil without drying the skin. Papaya and grapefruit extracts are exfoliating alpha-hydroxy acids that help prevent dulling build-up that can cause blackheads and pimples. Leaves the skin looking radiant and pores clear.
Combines natural skin purifying and soothing plant extracts to provide exceptional water-rinseable cleansing. Foam Cleanser swiftly dissolves make-up, surface impurities and environmental pollutants, leaving the skin refreshed, smoothed and hydrated.
Formulated specifically for the special needs of sensitive skin, this gentle cleanser refreshes and cares for your skin.
Rejuvenate water activated, self-heating formula deeply warms skin to relax pores. Reveal nourishing hydration for skin that is beautifully moisturized. Regenerate... exfoliating glycolic acid + micro-crystal complex gently polishes skin's surface for the look of newer skin. 
This non-drying antiseptic toner minimizes the appearance of pores and breakouts. The active ingredients lactic acid and golden seal help to disinfect, balance and renew, while aloe calms and soothes for a completely balanced formula that can never be over-used.
Oily, dull, tired and spotty skin brightens up with a routine spritz of Tea Tree Water. Antibacterial tea tree, juniperberry and grapefruit waters keep skin clear of blemishes and balance skin tone. Light and refreshing Tea Tree Water reduces redness and clears excess oil without drying so you can put your best face forward.
Complete All Day UV Defense Moisture Lotion for Sensitive Skin offers all day defense coupled with all day moisturizer. Sheer zinc oxide combined with SPF 15 provides your skin with effective broad spectrum environmental protection against premature skin damage from both UVA and UVB rays to help your skin stay younger looking. Formulated with antioxidant Vitamin E and nourishing Olay moisture that absorbs quickly into skin and lasts all day to help your skin stay soft, smooth and beautiful.
This sheer, oil-free formula offers triple protection. It shields the skin from sun damage, fights wrinkles and DNA damage, and delivers a dose of Clarins powerhouse antioxidant complex to fight wrinkle-causing free radical damage.
Neutrogena has developed a breakthrough new sun protection technology complex called Helioplex, specifically engineered to deliver very high, very broad and photo-stable UV protection.
Sensuous lashes can be naturally yours with the NYC New York Color Eyelash Curler. Its no-stick silicone pads let you apply mascara before or after your curl. It's precision crafted to gently beautify lashes with one quick touch. The NYC New York Color Eyelash Curler is uniquely designed to fit comfortably and accurately along the natural lash line.
Hot Tools Ceramic & Tourmaline Spring Curling Iron seals the hair cuticle, protects hair integrity, and destroys odors. It produces far-infrared heat that is kinder to hair. Styles hair without damage by heating it from the inside out. Hair looks shiny and healthy after use.
The original multi-award-winning ghd classic styler is the perfect tool for quick, effortless straightening and easy curls and waves. Suitable for all hair types and lengths. A brilliant all-rounder for everyday styling.
Outshine the competition with the Remington Style Therapy: Shine Therapy 1” Flat Iron. With 100% certified organic Moroccan Argan Oil infused ceramic plates, you can get the shine you crave without an oily residue. When heated, the conditioning blend comes to the plate’s surface and is transferred to the hair to add shine and protect hair from unnecessary thermal stress. This unique blend lasts the lifetime of the ceramic flat hair iron leaving you with pure, beautiful SHINE!
What do you get when you combine the design skills of famed architect Michael Graves, two years of testing and development, and collaboration with top industry professionals? The result is a tweezer experience like you've never had before. Perfectly aligned, hand-filed slanted tips plus a wide, comfortable patented grip for expert precision, every time. Also available in 100% stainless steel. Designed for Slice by Michael Graves.
Intensively purifies to minimize pores. This thoroughly cleansing masque may be used for normal to oily skin types to help eliminate debris and dead surface skin-cell accumulation that can clog pores and leave skin dull-looking. With ingredients sourced from the Marajo Island at the mouth of the Amazon River, this unique formula is rich in minerals and helps eliminate surface toxins from skin. Deep-cleansing masque helps to purify skin, leaving the appearance of pores minimized and skin refined.
Kate Somerville ExfoliKate® Intensive Exfoliating Treatment is Kate's top-selling product, and the next best thing to seeing Kate in the Clinic! Treat yourself to this at-home facial for fantastic, instant results. This signature formula works both physically and enzymatically to deliver safe, dramatic results in one application. It effectively combats acne and blackheads, reduces discoloration, and polishes skin for a smooth complexion. Welcome to healthy skin, a healthy glow, and a healthy you!
Haus of Gloi Lavender Sugar Bubbling Scrub is a Body that retails for $8.00 and contains 6.00 oz.
Field tested in extreme conditions, this hydrating balm contains antioxidants and superior moisturizers to provide lasting treatment benefits. It provides broad-spectrum UVA and UVB protection.
Oil-Free Eye Makeup Remover takes off even waterproof eye makeup without leaving an oily residue.
Exfoliates and detoxifies. Formulated specifically for normal to oily skin types to purify and thoroughly cleanse, this non-stripping foaming formula contains Amazonian white clay particles to gently remove surface debris, toxins and oils which can enlarge the appearance of pores. With ingredients sourced from the Marajo Island at the mouth of the Amazon River, this unique formula is rich in minerals and helps detoxify by eliminating surface toxins from the skin. Deeply cleanses to help reduce the appearance of enlarged pores for fresh and healthy-looking skin.
Perfectly sized and softly tapered to deposit the right amount of powder blush on apples of cheeks and cheekbones. Highlights temples, bridge of nose and chin. Unique antibacterial technology helps ensure the highest level of hygiene.
Warm, natural-looking powder blush for all skins. Sheer, buildable colour gives cheeks a radiant glow. Silky, fresh finish, too. Wide range of shades, from subtle to vibrant. Comes with brush applicator.
Convenient touch-on, stay-on, cream-to-powder cheek colour. Glides over the skin with fingertip control. Blends easily. Blush stays see-through while it builds in colour. Transfer- and water-resistant. Colour-true.
Our multi-purpose powder is back, now in a new blended, monochromatic formulation. Creates a sheer, subtle radiance that looks fresh, stays fresh. Sweep over face for an allover, luminous glow, or brush on cheekbones to highlight.
Silky formula sweeps effortlessly over cheekbones to create a natural look. Fresh, jet-milled colour builds and blends beautifully to desired intensity with custom sculpting brush. Long-wearing, colour-true. Oil-free.
The perfect partner for powders. Great for blending and highlighting. Unique antibacterial technology
Sheer, lightweight liquid instantly illuminates skin. Highlights and contours cheeks, brow bones, or gives face an allover glow. Glides on to create a natural-looking luminosity. Perfect for all skin types and tones. Oil-free.
Lightweight powder bronzer creates a natural-looking, sun-kissed radiance. 
Lusher, plusher, bolder lashes for a dramatic look.
Stand-out lashes, maximized in
an instant.
Instant volume and length.
Magnifies lashes up to twice their size in minimum time.
Lengthens, glosses, separates. Stays silky through multiple coats.
Stretches lashes to new lengths for eye-opening effects.
Smudge-resistant for 24 hours.
Boosts tiny bottom lashes. Smudge-resistant for 24 hours, warm water removal.
Clinique Almost Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $15.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tempt lips with a soft cushion of colour that's not quite sheer, not quite opaque-just the perfect happy medium. Loaded with mango and shea butters so lips feel comfortably soft and smooth. Eight vibrant shades in all.
Super-nourishing balm is loaded with mango and shea butters. Just what dry, delicate lips need to feel comfortably soft and smooth. Sixteen natural-looking lip tints in all, each with a subtle sheen.
Longest-wearing formula. Keeps its just-applied look for hours. Won't feather, creep, stain or dry out.
The creamiest, richest, smoothest lip colour you can imagine. Our revolutionary gel formula delivers the shine of a gloss, the comfort of a lipstick. Drenches lips in moist, lush colour that glides on buttery-soft, feels luxuriously smooth.
High on colour, long on comfort. Dressed-up colour wears beautifully for 8 hours. And lips enjoy every minute. In highly moisturizing shades that continually smooth, soften, comfort.
The professional way to shape and fill in lips. Retractable brush distributes colour evenly. Handle provides optimum control. Ideal for precise definition and coverage. Unique antibacterial technology helps ensure the highest level of hygiene.
Different because of its smooth, comfortable feel. Moderate coverage in a remarkable range of shades, from cream to pearl. Every one packed with rich emollients.
Lip gloss juiced up with 8 hours of lasting shine. Spends every minute comforting lips. In 18 glistening shades from sheer to full intensity. Moisture makes each one even more mouth-watering. Welcome to our juice bar.
Lip balm with a colourful twist. Luscious, high-gloss shades treat your most undermoisturized skin to soothing shine. Instantly relieve dryness, protect with antioxidants and more.
All-day lip liner. Use to line and define lips or smooth all over lips before lipstick application for extended wear. Non-drying formula helps keep lipstick in place. Prevents lipstick from feathering and bleeding. No sharpening required.
Glossy, long-wear colour that's easy on the eyes...meaning it helps reduce the chances eyes will itch, burn or water with contact.
Two-in-one automatic brow pencil and pearlized highlighter duo creates a contrast and definition that give eyes a virtual lift. First, fill in and shape brows with long-wearing natural-looking pencil. Then optically 'boost' brow arches with universal highlighter shade just below brow hairs.
Convenient pencil creates perfectly defined, natural-looking brows. Ultra-fine tip fills even the smallest gaps with precise, hair-like strokes. Automatically self-sharpens; glides on without skipping or tugging. Colour lasts all day.
Fine pressed powder, special brush. Soft, natural colours fill in and perfect brows with no harsh lines.
A two-in-one tool for perfectly arched brows. Pencil end shades and shapes with a creamy formula that goes on, holds on. At the other end, a fine-tuned brush keeps brows impeccably groomed. Apply lightly for a natural look. Go heavier for pure glam.
Automatic eyeliner pencil twists up. Glides on. Smudges to a smooth blur of colour with the convenient smudge tool on the opposite end. Needs no sharpening-silky formula is always ready to line and define with ease. Stays on all day. Ophthalmologist tested.
Creamy eyeliner brushes on deep, smoky, eye-defining colour. Long-wearing, waterproof formula comes complete with a mini Eye Liner Brush. Ophthalmologist tested.
The cake eyeliner that stays, won't run away. Resists smudging, smearing. Depth of colour can be adjusted with water. Comes with precision brush. Ideal for sensitive eyes. Ophthalmologist tested.
Rich, satiny eyeliner glides on smoky or defined, bold or superfine. Triangular, ergonomic design provides precision control. Sharpener's built into cap. Never be caught with a dull point again. Ophthalmologist tested.
Dual-purpose brush is an eye-defining essential. Firm, angled bristles are designed for soft yet accurate lining. Provides expert control for precise application. Unique antibacterial technology helps ensure the highest level of hygiene.
Small, blunt-angled brush for precision eyeliner application. Firm, tapered edge allows exact control of line placement, width. Ideal for powder or gel liner formulas. Clinique's unique antibacterial technology helps ensure the highest level of hygiene.
Fast-drying liquid eyeliner flows on with ease for intense, precise colour. Draws a thin line for a natural look, a thick line for a dramatic effect. Water-resistant formula wears long and true. Suitable for contact lens wearers. Ophthalmologist tested.
Creamy-smooth eyeliner pencil with a hint of shimmer. Shapes and defines with intense, stay-put colour. Non-smudging, water- and transfer-resistant. Easy to sharpen, too. Ophthalmologist tested.
No smearing, no fading, no creasing. Stays on until washed off. Versatile, creamy formula can be worn alone or layered under other eye shadows to give them more staying power. Acts as a holding base for powder shadow, helps it last longer. Ophthalmologist tested.
Creamy colour glides on in one smooth stroke. Long-wearing. Crease and fade resistant, too. Ophthalmologist tested for even the most sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Mirrored compact comes with a sponge-tip applicator.
Use one shade as a base colour, the other to contour. Crease and fade resistant. Ophthalmologist tested for even the most sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Mirrored compact with illustrated how-tos plus a brush/sponge-tip applicator.
Skin-toned colour primer preps lids for improved shadow application and wear. Creates a neutral base that holds All About Shadow eye colour in place for up to 12 hours. Can be worn alone for a natural yet perfected look. In 4 shades from very fair to deep. Appropriate for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Ophthalmologist tested.
Perfectly sized to apply the right amount of eye shadow to lids. Essential for highlighting area just under brow bones, too. Unique antibacterial technology helps ensure the highest level of hygiene, keep brush irritant-free.
Short-haired, compact. Ideal for detail work: contouring and blending in crease and corners, smudging shadow into lashline for smoky effects. Unique antibacterial technology ensures the highest level of hygiene, keeps brush irritant-free.
Large and plush. Essential for sweeping eye shadow over entire eye surface, lashline to brow. Also ideal for blending colour to complete an eye look. Unique antibacterial technology ensures the highest level of hygiene, helps keep brush irritant-free.
Creamy, crease-resistant eye colour wears for 8 hours. Instantly cools thanks to a unique applicator. Nourishing ingredients coax fine lid lines into a blanket of smoothness. Antioxidants help protect eye-area skin.
Use one shade as a base colour, the other to contour. Crease and fade resistant. Ophthalmologist tested for even the most sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers. Mirrored compact with illustrated how-tos plus a brush/sponge-tip applicator.
Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes effectively dissolve all traces of dirt, oil and makeup--even waterproof mascara--for clean, fresh skin in one easy step.
Urban Decay Medium is a matte finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Polybutene, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Ethylhexyl Hydroxystearate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Oryza Sativa (Rice/Riz) Bran Oil, Trihydroxystearin, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Aroma (Flavor), Polyethylene, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado/Avocat) Oil, Rosa Canina Flower Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape/Raisin) Seed Oil, Phytosteryl/Octyldodecyl Lauroyl Glutamate, Ceramide NP, Saccharin, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Benzyl Benzoate, Butylene Glycol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Linalool, Citral. [+/- (May Contain): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake)].
Gives the precision of a liquid liner with the ease of a gel-based formula. The eyeliner glides on smoothly and precisely, then quickly dries to a longwearing, water-resistant formula. Creates incredibly bold, attention-grabbing looks. Comes with an easy-to-use brush.
Luxurious color delivers hours of sheer-to-moderate coverage that glides on buttery-soft for a smooth, moist-looking pout. Lips are pampered with Vitamin E, Amino Acids, Avocado Oil, and Rice Bran Oil that moisturize and condition for silky, soft comfort. And with SPF 15, lips are cared for and protected from harmful UVB rays.
One coat dries in 60 seconds! These vivid, can’t-miss-`em nail colors come in a no wait formula and apply smooth for streak-free, even coverage. Specially-engineered ManiCurve™ Brush is designed with a flat rod for ideal liquid dispersion and a rounded bristle tip to hug nail curves for perfect application.
Plump up the volume! Get 5 times the volume with this mascara that amplifies and plumps for plush, dramatic lashes. This volumizing formula delivers thicker lashes in an instant. The voluminous brush wraps around the entire lash line for full impact without clumping.
This longwearing formula is specially formulated with anti-aging technology, as well as vitamins and minerals to keep lips soft, smooth, and kissable all day.
Award-winning mascara delivers up to 80% longer-looking lashes! One sweep of this amazing lengthening formula creates lavishly long lashes with perfect definition. A special blend of waxes provides maximum length with amazing staying power. The specially-designed brush visibly lifts each and every lash for lash-by-lash separation.
Approved by the Natural Products Association, these lip shimmers are made of a natural formula infused with calming ingredients of vitamins and natural oils to keep lips moisturized and nourished.
Bat lush, mesmerizing lashes with this innovative formula. This buildable mascara allows you to control your lash look by enhancing the thickness of each and every lash. The clump-free definition results in fuller lashes for natural-looking volume.
Beauty and benefits! This nourishing mascara beautifully conditions lashes and helps make them fuller and thicker naturally. Enriched with soy and wheat proteins, this high-performance formula keeps lashes healthy, while also plumping them for a full look. Infused with Acai Oil and D-Panthenol to help protect and strengthen hair.
Have your glowing complexion reflect the rock star within! These perfectly-coordinated baked trios provide an instant glimmer of color for a glowing complexion. The baked technology can be worn wet or dry and delivers high-pearl and high-pigment for an extra reflective finish. Big girls don't shy away from a little sparkle!
Whisk away the most stubborn mascaras, shadows, liners and shimmers.
Turn your lashes on full blast! This false lash formula coats and seals each lash with a fiber-rich film that instantly adds extreme length and ultra-dramatic volume. Contains botanical essences to help nourish and strengthen each hair. Its specially-designed wand and brush applies smoothly without clumping to double your lashes in plumpness. So go ahead, make a loud impression that'll get you noticed from the nosebleed sections!
Enriched with Aloe Vera and Vitamin E to leave lips soft and smooth. Contains SPF 15 to protect lips from harmful UVB rays.
Plump up the volume! What's better than an instant plumping formula for plush, dramatic lashes? One that can stay put against water too! Get 3 times the volume with this waterproof mascara that amplifies and plumps for plush, dramatic lashes. This waterproof formula delivers thicker lashes in an instant and stays on through tears, humidity, rain, and even while swimming.
Make an Impact! Revolutionary mascara formula provides Extreme volume and length! Contains a silicon complex that provides elasticity and flexibility, proven to enhance the natural lash up to 8x! This all-in-one formula is enriched with Argan Oil to permeate and condition each lash to promote healthy, strong hair while adding color and shine.
Being a pop culture icon means you never the house without looking in prime condition. So Fergie's letting you in on her secrete to always looking impeccable! This perfect primer preps and brightens eyelids to guarantee ultra-vibrant color that lasts all day! Its smooth, effortless application dries to a clear finish and keeps eyeshadow from creasing. Once you try Fergie's secret, you'll never want to go back! Don't worry, you can thank her later.
Be the girl with the eyes. Create dramatic eyes in one smooth stroke. This silky-soft formula goes on smooth, won't tug or pull. Rich, defining color lasts all day.
Award-winning mascara in a waterproof formula! Delivers up to 80% longer-looking lashes! Special blend of waxes lavishly lifts and lengthens with amazing staying power. Waterproof formula stays on through rain, tears, humidity, and even while swimming. Specially designed brush grips each and every lash for perfect definition and lash-by-lash separation.
With a wide range of trendsetting shades from rich chrmes to bold metallics to vibrant effects, you can find all your favorites and add new ones to your collection. Applies quickly and easily leaving a brilliant, super-shiny finish. Formaldehyde, toluene, and phthalate free.
Sophisticated, classic colors beautifully accent any look. Long-lasting, opaque color provides 5 days of chip-resistant wear. A revolutionary resin polymer system creates exceptional color adhesion to nails. This resilient polish is calcium and mineral fortified to rebalance and prevent nail discoloration. Comes with a unique, full-coverage brush that glides on smooth for one-stroke application. Toluene, phthalate, and formaldehyde free.
Now your nail color can rock on all night without chipping or flaking! This smooth, long-lasting formula comes in an array of shades featuring chunky glitter that dries in no time. The glitter dries with a sleek, even texture, that is sealed in for a look that lasts all night long. Wear this on top of your favorite nail color for an added kick of shine or alone for a head rush of sparkle.
There's no such thing as being too Spoiled! Delightfully decadent, salon-quality nail collection in every finish and shade imaginable. With 72 shades available, go ahead and SPOIL yourself! Form- aldehyde, toluene, and phthalate free.
Lips take center stage! This 4-hour, longwearing lip color leaves a semi-matte, crème finish in one stroke. Glides on easily with rich, velvety color that doesn't cake, feather, or bleed. Made with hydrating skin-care ingredients: Hyaluronic Microspheres provide extraordinary adhesion to lips, an exclusive polymer complex offers cushion-like feel and texture, and natural marine plant extracts Coenzyme Q10 and Vitamins A & E help smooth lips.
Rich, creamy color glides on smoothly without tugging. Incredibly versatile to create a variety of looks.
You’re blushing! This silky-smooth powder strikes the perfect balance between a blendable transparent sheen and a radiant pop of maximum color. Lightweight, long-lasting, and certain to impress.
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetyl Ethylhexanoate, Ozokerite, Microcrystalline Wax/Cire microcristalline, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire de candelilla, Ceresin, Diisostearyl Malate, Beeswax/Cire d'abeille, Petrolatum, VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire de carnauba, Pentaerythrityl Adipate/Caprate/Caprylate/Heptanoate, Mineral Oil/Huile minérale, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phytosteryl Macadamiate, Tocopherol, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Silica, [+/- (MAY CONTAIN/PEUT CONTENIR): Blue 1 Lake/CI 42090, Carmine/CI 75470, Iron Oxides/CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, Mica, Red 21 Lake/CI 45380, Red 27 Lake/CI 45410, Red 30 Lake/CI 73360, Red 40 lake/CI 16035, Red 6/CI 15850, Red 7 Lake/CI 15850, Titanium Dioxide/CI 77891, Yellow 5 Lake/CI 19140, Yellow 6 Lake/CI 15985] - See more at: http://www.wetnwildbeauty.com/lips/lip-color/silk-finish-lipstick.html#sm.0001blak47iyfd28s4e1dm32is08d
Intense liquid color with built-in moisturizer provides one-step application for weightless, ultra-conditioning wear that lasts up to 8 hours. ElastiSilk™ formula combines flexible color adhesion with silky-smooth pigments for transfer-proof, even application. Paraben-free formula conditions and moisturizes with vitamin E that helps promote anti-aging, protects the skin's moisture barrier, and balances the lip's natural hydration for a healthy-looking, plump pout all day.
Super-shiny gloss adds luster and color to lips, while Vitamins A & E moisturize and condition.
Features a fine, soft felt-tip that glides on easily to create fine or bold lines for subtle or dramatic results.
Rich, creamy color glides on smoothly without tugging.
Wet 'n' Wild Idol Eyes Cream Shadow Pencil is a Eyeshadow that retails for $2.29. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Color Icon Liner Color Icon Lipliner Crayon is a Lip Liner that retails for $0.99 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ultra-glossy, sheer gel adds high, glassy shine with a hint of color in an oh-so-lickable fruity flavor. Enriched with vitamins, nutrients, oils, and antioxidants to moisturize while keeping lips soft and supple.
These rich, creamy eyeliner pencils are packed with 40% micro-glitter for shimmery, sparkly definition that won’t go unnoticed. Fortified with Shea Butter & Vitamin E to moisturize and condition.
Sheer, light powder blends seamlessly for a sun-kissed complexion with a hint of sparkle.
Perfect for a day at the beach or all night on the town, wet n wild® H2O Proof Liquid Eyeliner is your secret to staying beautiful all day and all night. This long-lasting, smudge-proof and water-proof formula uses a felt tip to create a precise, eye defining line.
Up to 12 hours of smudge-proof wear! Longwearing formula glides on smooth for budge-resistant color. Soft, precise tip provides perfect application that won’t smudge, streak, or fade. Includes easy-blending smudger for desired look.
Be the girl with the eyes. Create dramatic eye emphasis in a single stroke. This long-wearing, quick drying formula applies smoothly and evenly for instantly bigger and bolder eyes.
Add a golden glow and a touch of luminosity to any complexion for a radiant, sun-kissed look. Special micronized blend of treated nylon powders adhere to skin to provide long-lasting, blendable color. Contains SPF 15 to protect skin from harmful UVB rays.
Let’s get glowing! This compact of 4 sparkly, illuminating shades can be worn alone or over makeup to create an iridescent shimmer on your face, neck, chest, and body. - See more at: http://www.wetnwildbeauty.com/face/highlight-contour/megaglo-illuminating-powder.html#sthash.AuGNV3Mw.dpuf
Create beautifully defined lines with this rich, creamy formula. Applies effortlessly as it delivers long lasting drama with a velvety finish. Comes with an easy to use, conveniently-sized brush.
Intensify your look with one swipe of these all NEW glitter cream shadows. Infused with Aloe and Coconut Oil, these shimmering glitters with a clear base, glide on and never over-dry. Each glitter shade is long-wearing and crease resistant to keep you looking flawless for hours. Wear alone or mix and match to instantly transform your look from ordinary to fabulous!
Super-fine shimmer for seductive, eye-catching sparkle.
Wet 'n' Wild Color Icon Eyeshadow 8-Pan Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $4.99 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get vibrant, skin-brightening color with this lip tint inspired by Tarte’s newly designed cheek stains. Punched-up color and vibrant shine helps you create the perfect smile all day long. Infused with vitamins, shea butter, and a hint of mint, LipSurgence power pigments also deliver a burst of pure moisture to hydrate lips. 
After 15 years of success, the original and cult favorite Tarte cheek stain is getting a makeover. The sleek design features the same great long-wearing formula and size in an easy-to-use slim applicator. This new package delivers a radiant, natural-looking flush while minimizing waste and helping to reduce your carbon footprint. Enriched with t5 super fruit complex™, this iconic product delivers a fresh look and antiaging and skin-restorative benefits with every application. 
This versatile liner boasts rich, intense pigments for creating smoldering eyes or a doe-eyed look. Simply glide along the upper and lower lash line for crisp, rich color definition that won't budge, smudge, or run. 
Create smoldering and sultry eyes or a doe-eyed and awakened look in your color of choice. Tarte offers a wide range of gorgeous Amazonian clay infused shades to choose from including Amazonite blue (amazing for blue eyes), deep amethyst (heaven on green eyes) and emerald (Maureen Kelly’s signature shade and go-to for making brown eyes pop). Simply glide along the upper and lower lash line for smooth rich color definition. Use the built-in smudger to soften the look. No matter how you wear this versatile liner, Amazonian clay will work to nourish lids, reduce surface oil, and improve overall texture for easy application and better wear.
After 10 years the wait is finally over. These much-anticipated natural lip stains are an extension to the bestselling and award-winning cheek stains. Just like the iconic cheek stains, each emotive, peppermint-infused shade smoothly glides on lips for a natural flush that will stay all day. So say goodbye to reapplying your lip color throughout the day and say hello to a gorgeous pop of color and hydration that lasts.
An easy-glide, velvety smooth stick of skin-nourishing Amazonian clay cream eye shadow in universally flattering colors.
Achieve rich, vivid, and long-wearing color that applies smoothly and won’t fade away. Always hydrating and never drying, this high-cushion lipstick keeps lips moisturized all day long, minimizes the appearance of fine lines, and stops feathering in its tracks to give lips a perfect, plumped-up appearance. Thanks to nature’s most perfect ingredient, Amazonian clay, fade-free color stays in place all day, so there’s no need to continuously reapply or worry about smudging and budging. Amazonian clay also restores the lips’ natural moisture-content with nourishing and hydrating properties, imparting amazing color and restoring skin’s wellness. 
As a follow up to Tarte's best-selling LipSurgence™ natural lip tints, these shimmering lip lusters give a high dose of color and shine in an easy twist-up stick. Just like the original, Tarte's LipSurgence™ technology delivers a surge of moisture on a cellular level for a naturally plump appearance; natural peppermint adds a refreshing burst of flavor with each application.
This two-in-one delivery system hydrates the skin while adding a beautiful radiance whenever you need it. Apply the tint to cheeks over foundation or on bare skin, and blend with fingertips to create a natural flush. Use the luminizer to highlight the top of the cheekbones or browbones, on the Cupid's bow of the lips, or add a few drops to your foundation for allover glow. Maracuja oil instantly absorbs into the skin for a high dose of essential fatty acids and vitamin C.
Just like the original and bestselling Natural Lip Stains, LipSurgence™ Natural Matte Lip Stains are peppermint-infused and glide on smooth for a rich matte finish that will stay all day. Each of the matte shades boasts the high-pigment concentration we love from matte lipsticks, but unlike drying lipsticks, these stains are infused with a High-Performance Natural™ LipSurgence™ technology, which is clinically proven to increase moisture content by an astonishing 6000% after 28 days. Earth engineered from a proprietary blend of plant bio-nutrients, the LipSurgence™ technology quickly absorbs into the skin to deliver a surge of moisture on a cellular level, while boosting peptides to stimulate skin's own regenerative system and assist in the formation of collagen. This proprietary blend effectively increases skin's water content for a plumped up appearance. The result is naturally fuller, healthier lips without any irritation or stinging.
These liners provide skinvigorating™ benefits and an intense yet smooth-cream texture, perfect for creating a precise, high definition line or a smoky, sultry shadow base. High-performance natural™ Amazonian clay deepens the intensity of pure color pigments while nourishing skin for a truer, bolder color that lasts. The botanical waterproofing agent in these liners is earth engineered from a blend of natural plant waxes to form an impermeable layer that protects against rain, sweat, tears, and creasing for longer wear.

Tarte Lights, Camera, Splashes! 4-In-1 Waterproof Mascara's waterproof formula gives you the bombshell lashes you love, and is guaranteed to stay put through rain, sweat or tears.
Ideal for creating a soft or smoky look, micronized Amazonian clay intensifies color pigments while working to nourish lids, reduce surface oil, and improve overall texture. Natural carnauba wax acts as a built-in shadow primer to ensure smooth application by softening the skin and increasing hydration. 
Like all LipSurgence™ lip tints, this one combines pure color with natural moisturizers and glides on smooth for a sheer finish. The ethereal hue complements every skintone to deliver a natural-looking glow and brighter complexion—customized just for you! The skintuitive™ formula responds to your skin’s natural pH and energy, giving you a personalized tint that is truly your own unique shade of pink. Bonus: you can bump up the intensity of the color with an extra swipe. 
Achieve a flawless finish with this supremely soft, versatile brush. The tapered strands create an angled slant to deliver just the right amount of product with every application.
Prep, prime, and for the first time increase the appearance of lash volume by 739%, while also increasing the appearance of lash length, with multiplEYE™ Natural Lash Enhancing Primer. The groundbreaking, high-performance natural formula combines natural plant waxes and film formers to extend and volumize the appearance of lashes, while the proprietary and clinically proven HydroPlant™ peptide (a soy-amino super protein) helps improve the appearance of lash length and growth. For even more volumized and lengthened lashes, use with multiplEYE clinically proven natural lash enhancing mascara for an incredible 1102% increase in the appearance of lash volume! The precision bristles of the cone-shaped brush separate and evenly coat every last lash, while also delivering conditioning nutrients to stimulate lashes from root to tip. 
Buff your way to airbrushed complexion perfection with this soft brush that’s the perfect complement to the Amazonian Clay Full Coverage Airbrush Foundation. Versatile and made from sustainably harvested bamboo and synthetic bristles, this brush allows you to flawlessly apply powder foundation like a pro. Travel-friendly and cruelty-free, this brush fits perfectly into the mesh sifter on the foundation for clean and easy application every time.

Take the guesswork out of arch perfection with this Amazonian clay-infused brow mousse. The formula’s light, airy consistency allows the product to naturally glide onto brows and blend seamlessly—no worries about harsh lines or waxy build-up. The Amazonian clay intuitively identifies your skin type to deliver benefits and restore harmony. This mousse minimizes oil around the hair follicle to balance skin and keep pigment in place, while naturally nourishing and hydrating to prohibit product from flaking or transferring. 
This primer acts as a smudge-proof base for shadow while preventing fallout and migration of color. The universal shade glides on easily and powers through the day into the evening for 12 hours of perfect wear. 
Tarte Mineral Powder Bronzer is an oil-, talc- and fragrance-free bronzer that fuses earthly minerals with naturally derived ingredients for a finish that's pure perfection.
EmphasEYES your brows with this high-definition, waterproof pencil. A follow-up to the bestselling EmphasEYES™ High Definition Eye Pencil, EmphasEYES™ For Brows High Definition Eyebrow Pencil is a super-slim, waterproof brow pencil that glides on smoothly and will last all day thanks to a patented plant-wax system infused with natural botanicals, aloe, vitamins A and E, and mineral pigments. Unlike thick wooden pencils that tug and look unnatural, EmphasEYES™ For Brows is four times smaller, so it perfectly mimics actual brow hair for a more natural effect. This dual-ended pencil also features a precision brush to help groom and tame unruly hairs into place.
Tarte EmphasEYES™ High Definition Eye Pencil is a must when trying to achieve a sexy smoky eye. The result? That smoldering look that you see in all the magazines but aren't sure how to create—use this pencil for the finishing touch.
This bold liquid liner helps you achieve defined eyes and enhanced lashes with a precision application tip. Deeply pigmented, this formula glides on smooth to frame eyes while delivering Tarte's lash-nourishing HydroPlant™ peptide. The results speak for themselves: 80% of subjects agree their eyes appear more defined instantly after using MultiplEYE™ lash enhancing liquid liner. Its flow-through applicator allows for expert control to create a thick or thin line without dragging, tugging, or skipping.

A fanned blush brush with a sustainably harvested bamboo handle designed to create a soft effect. 
Awaken and revitalize exhausted, dull skin with a simple swipe of this nourishing, brightening wand. Nutrient-rich Amazonian clay reduces dryness and flakiness, improves skin clarity, firmness, and texture while removing oil from the skin's surface. Stash this liquid light in your purse for a little extra glow whenever, wherever. 
This primer not only helps keep your makeup in place for up to 12 hours of perfect wear time, but also refines the appearance of pores and diffuses fine lines and imperfections while delivering natural fruit-and plant-derived extracts to deliver antiaging and skin-restorative benefits to your skin. It refines the appearance of pores and diffuses fine lines and masks imperfections. Just one application leaves skin looking instantly smoother, softer, and refined. 
Amazon bronze delivers the right amount of sun-burnished glow while treating your skin with nourishing ingredients. It's perfect for all skin types and tones and never looks chalky. Amazonian clay, nature's most perfect ingredient, acts as a total skin balancer by reducing dryness and flakiness, improving clarity and texture, and removing surface oil for a true Brazilian bronze bombshell finish—all while replenishing and rehydrating skin. Reinvigorate a dull tone naturally using the puff wherever you desire a subtle, warm glow that will power through the day. 
Just like Tarte's bestselling mineral powder bronzer, this lightweight waterproof bronzer delivers just the right amount of a sun-burnished glow and doubles as an easy contouring powder. Infused with natural, skin-softening mineral pigments, this matte bronzer helps improve skin's texture, tone, and clarity all day long while withstanding humidity and moisture.
This maracuja-infused formula drenches lips in cool moisture while delivering mega-watt shine and rich, glossy pigment. With a variety of rich shades ranging from soft to vivid, you'll find the perfect colors for day or night. Added benefits of this gloss include the minimization of the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, giving lips a fuller, plumped appearance.
This powerful resurfacing lip scrub exfoliates lips, then provides instant hydration—quenching without a greasy feel. The raw sugar granules are suspended in the soothing, balmy elixir of antioxidants and vitamin C, acting as a natural exfoliator to rid the dead cells that cause lips to chap and crack. As lips are exfoliated, maracuja oil simultaneously promotes hydration, cell recovery, and surface rejuvenation. Lips are left noticeably revitalized, fuller, and kissed with a hint of refreshing mint. 
Tarte Lights, Camera, Lashes! 4-in-1 Mascara could be considered a push-up bra for your lashes—a 4-in-1 (lengthening, curling, volumizing, and conditioning) dermatologist- and clinically-proven to increase the appearance of lash volume by 424% after applying giving dramatic, thick and sexy lashes. 
Fill in lips so they’re full, soft, and drenched in kissable color. This warm neutral pencil never tugs—it goes on smoothly and deposits pure, rich pigments that work in harmony with every shade of gloss and lipstick. Consider it a partner in prime for your lipstick, a magnet that forces color to adhere to lips by filling in fine lines and wrinkles. Amazonian clay, fade-free color stays in place all day so there’s no need to continuously reapply or worry about smudging and feathering outside the lip line. 
This revolutionary at-home treatment harnesses the restoring power of Amazonian clay to deliver healthy, refined skin texture and clarity within five weeks.

Transform into a glowing, bronze goddess. Infused with Amazonian clay and maracuja, this innovative double-agent complexion enhancer in Tarte’s signature Park Ave Princess shade will give you the perfect balance of sunkissed bronze and natural flush. Apply the weightless, mousse bronzer over foundation or smooth onto bare skin for an all-over matte radiance. Using the convenient blush tip, invigorate your complexion by applying the tint directly to cheeks and blending with fingertips for a subtle peachy pink glow. Maracuja instantly absorbs into the skin, delivering a high dose of essential fatty acids and vitamin C to hydrate the skin while imparting a beautiful pop of sheer color. By fusing two products into one, the recyclable component prevents the waste of potentially useful materials, making it the most eco-friendly and convenient bronzer and blush choice for the girl on the go. 
This primer helps makeup stay in place longer while brightening skin for a healthy, glowing complexion. For use as a hydrating base, this formula keeps your makeup in place for up to 12 hours of perfect wear. It’s also a quick fix for tired or sallow skin—just one application and skin looks instantly radiant. 
A lash-enhancing treatment that works to improve the appearance of lash length and thickness. 
This amazing mascara delivers a 406% increase in lash volume and long-term reparative, rebuilding, and strengthening benefits with each swipe giving you instant results and better lash health. Just as it intuitively restores hydration and texture in skin, Amazonian clay intuitively hydrates and replenishes dry and brittle lashes to prevent fallout. High performance natural™Amazonian clay performs all day by absorbing oil to balance mascara and keep product in place for flake-free longer wear. It lends itself to deepen pure color pigments creating a volume-boosting formula with higher intensity and truer pure color. The result is healthier and more voluminous lashes that won't ever flake or transfer, naturally. After daily wear, lashes are intact, healthier and stronger. This mascara prevents lash loss and promotes lash health. 
This translucent, silky finishing powder keeps makeup in place without ever appearing chalky and mattifies skin by removing excess surface oil. This powder can even be used alone as a treatment to reap all the benefits of Amazonian clay. 
A makeup brush that allows you to achieve the soft finish of airbrushing. 
This multitasking pencil liner gently glides along the lower inner rim and inner corner of eyes for a wide-awake effect. It can also be used to highlight the brow bone to give brows added shape and definition.
Tarte Beauty & the Box Amazonian Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Brewed Awakening #1 that is permanent.
These vibrant hyperliners were formulated for a dreamy application, with no drag on the delicate skin along the lid or lash line. Upon application, the formula releases tiny spheres of jojoba oil and vitamin E to moisturize and prevent cracking. And best of all, these beautifully high-pigmented colors are WATERPROOF!
This silky powder blush, imparts skin with a natural glow with true color payoff that wears all day long! This formula has micronized powders (also known as “HD” or “High Definition”) which blend over skin evenly and easily and 5 shades with buildable color allows for complete custom coverage for every skin tone!.

This Eyelicity Glitter Liner is a micro-glitter liner saturated with a burst of pigmented color that gives you lustrous sparkling eyes on days you want to be a little glamorous! This amazing formula is long-lasting and quick-drying once set! It is also smudge resistant and will keep the gorgeous glitter on your eyes and not your cheeks!
Jewelry for your lips! This lipgloss is formulated to make your lips shine while moisturizing and plumping your pout! These amazing high shine glosses also come in a peach sorbet flavor!
This lightweight lipstick has medium coverage and shine making it easily wearable! Specially formulated with ultra-lightweight pigments that feel comfortable on lips and last for hours! This unique combination of ingredients is blended to create a truly clean formula so there isn’t a waxy odor or taste and so gentle that it won’t dry out your lips once removed!
This beautiful essential gives you the power to pick up powder generously and apply smoothly over skin for a flawless finish. The vibrant hue makes it easy to spot in your crowded makeup bag!
Sparklicity Pure is total microcrystalline sparkle pigment with no binder to get in the way of the luxurious and fantastical sparkling effects it creates! It can be used on the eyes, cheeks, face and lips!
Sparklicity is total micro-crystalline sparkle pigment with no binder to get in the way of the luxurious and fantastical sparkling effects it creates! It can be used anywhere- face, body, hair. This neutral soft opalescent color compliments any makeup look!
Now in a beautiful gunmetal tube that reflects like a jewel! This amazing mascara is formulated to thicken and lengthen to give you traffic stopping lashes!
This is an amazing 2 in 1 formula providing luminosity and primer in 1, for all skin types! This formula contains light reflective pigments which bounce the light away from the face giving a soft focus diffused glow leaving skin looking youthful and perfected.
This amazing gloss is formulated to not only give your lips a soft tint of sparkle and shine, but to also nourish, heal and moisturize them! 
This superb eyeshadow duo is infused with luxurious platinum powders that create fantastical glowing effects for your eyes!
These exquisite blush duos blend effortlessly on your cheeks with the subtle glisten of Sparklicity, now in powder form! This velvety cream to powder blush formulation acts as a magnet for sparklicity powder giving long-lasting fantastical results while leaving skin moisturized and healthy looking! 
Tarina Tarantino Dollskin Cheek Cream Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This silky powder blush, imparts skin with a natural glow with true color payoff that wears all day long! This formula has micronized powders (also known as “HD” or “High Definition”) which blend over skin evenly and easily! These 4 beautiful shades are housed in an incredibly luxe gunmetal casing with an iconic Tarina design detailing!
This Limited Edition unique palette is inspired by the magical and bejeweled land of Oz! These amazing shades were carefully created to capture the essence of the Emerald City to inspire makeup looks from sweet to wicked! For intense, shimmery payoff, each formulation includes ultra-high pigmentation! These 6 beautiful shades are:
•Glinda’s Kiss: Iridescent White 
•Silver Shoes: Pearlized Silver
•Dandy Lion: Pearlized Olive Green •Saw Dust Heart: Matte Deep Brown
•Ozma: Pearlized Aqua Blue
•Very Wicked: Pearlized Emerald Green
These amazing shades feature extremely pigmented shadows to blend easily and a beautiful color payoff that stays on all day and works for any skin tone! Their compact size makes them perfect for makeup looks on the go!
This neutral eyeshadow palette shimmers in light, adding a glint of glamour to your look while transforming makeup into your best accessory. Uniquely formulated, each shadow includes high-intensity pigments with a long-lasting payoff that can be used wet or dry. The palette contains one core color and four perfectly coordinated new shades, including: Twinkling Topaz (shimmering golden mustard), Fringe (shimmery coffee brown), Brooch (dark chocolate with gold and green micro glitter), and Rosette (shimmery fleshy pink)
MAC Wonder Woman Mineralize Skinfinish is a Blush that retails for $35.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mega Metal Shadow long-wearing and consists of metallic powders that provide a light-reflection, intense metallic finish that looks brilliant on the skin. It delivers medium-buildable coverage that won’t fade or crease. The formula contains vitamins a & e, antioxidants that help condition the delicate eye area. The creamy powder ensures an even, smooth application that lasts all day and easily blends with little fall-out.
Each eyeshadow has a plaid pattern imprinted on the eyeshadow and is similar in size to Mineralize Eyeshadows.
MAC Special Reserve Highlighter Powder  is a Highlighter that retails for $28.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Prep + Prime Highlighter is a Highlighter that retails for $23.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Jeanius Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $19.50. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Wonder Woman Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Wonder Woman Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Cool Neutral that is permanent and retails for $65.00 and contains 0.68 oz.
Shout, gossip, or pout like you mean it with this trend-forward matte formula. These five limited-edition, demi-matte shades range from vivacious brights to sultry nudes for a look that is modern, spirited, and effortless. Get the most coveted Marc Jacobs look of the season and say something. 
Add the finishing touch to your routine with perfection powder’s signature weightless formula and silky texture. Infused with antiaging properties, the patented powder formula applies beautifully, diffusing flaws and taking down shine softly and effectively. The translucent shade suits all skin tones, is ideal for oily and combination skin, and sets in place for a perfect finish all day long. 
Cover imperfections like a professional with the innovative angles of this expertly designed concealer brush. Use the flat side of the brush to apply concealer broadly, and use the angled edge to sculpt concealer into contours, such as under the eyes and around the nose. 
This multitasking mascara is formulated with Givenchy’s exclusive Lash Booster Expert Complex that provides nutrition, revitalization, fortification, and protection.

Givenchy Phenomen'Eyes Mascara perfectly curls and separates lashes. It has a high-tech, patented round sphere at the tip of the precision wand that reaches every lash and adapts to all eye shapes. It's a Sephora exclusive.
An homage to Givenchy's early days when fashion and cinema were intertwined, Very Irrésistible Givenchy, unites the elegant tradition of French style with the energy and pop-culture pizzazz of American film. Bursting with roses and infused with star anise, and verbena leaf, Very Irrésistible Givenchy is a fresh departure from the traditional floral fragrance.
Like Haute Couture fashion, Hot Couture is a glamorous yet sophisticated fragrance. Through sensuality and warmth Hot Couture creates an elegance that can only be equated with couture runway fashion. Sweet raspberry nectar, magnolia, and ambered vetiver combine to bewitch us with vibrant, confident, and passionate femininity.

Rouge Interdit is more than a lipstick: it's a fashion accessory with a designer signature. The black and silver tube is an objet d'art adorned with a ribbon at one end that unlocks this beautiful piece. Wear anytime, in any circumstance. When applied, it immediately soothes and softens. Its fine, spreadable texture melts over the lips.
Givenchy Mister Mat Mattifying Foundation Primer is a soft skin primer that can be used alone or under makeup for a velvety smooth complexion. The lightweight fluid softens and hydrates with silicone gum extracts; and plant extracts work to control sebum production, which provides a long-lasting matte effect that remains light enough to let skin breathe. The subtle light-blue pearlescent shimmers counteract a dull look and minimize the appearance of large pores, leaving skin looking bright and glowing with health.
Givenchy Black For Light Enhancing Mask is a unique mask with a black, velvety foam texture and luminous particles that purify the skin. Illuminated by a photoluminescent active ingredient, unified by an exclusive cocktail of vitamins A, B, and C, and revitalized with the free radical fighting blackberry elder extract, after use the complexion becomes amazingly brightened and bursts with freshness and vitality.
Pi is a celebration of what makes a man seductive - his intelligence, courage, and contributions. Pi is more than a name, it's a symbol. The masculine bottle, designed by Serge Manseau, has a hi-tech closure system and plays on the contrast between pure lines and perfect proportion.
Givenchy introduces Gentlemen Only for the distinguished man of today. His natural, refined elegance is a reflection of the times.
This fragrance embodies the essential virtues of being a gentleman: courtesy, elegance, and chivalry. It is modern yet timeless, capturing the essence of a man who is witty, intelligent, and exceeds effortlessly in all aspects of life. A state of mind, a way of being a gentleman under all circumstances.
Gentlemen Only is a distinct, deliberate, and charming fragrance. It is deliciously disconcerting with its blend of freshness, sensuality, and masculine qualities. A fragrance for a man of taste—a fragrance for a gentleman. 
Make your complexion its best. Mister Smooth is a universal skin primer with light reflective particles that make your skin visibly smoother. The primer tightens pores, evens skin tone and intensely hydrates the skin with its emulsifiers and polyols. Makeup lasts longer and skin radiates. Perfect for normal to combination skin.
This subtle tint darkens the natural color of lips for a sheer, natural, and elegant sheen. The resulting color is a more intense version of natural lip tone and is as unique as the woman who wears it. Light pink becomes transparent fuchsia.

This new-generation formula contains fluid polymers that fix actives and pigments for a waterproof-makeup result. The Arabic Gum gives an instantaneous curling effect and does not contain any solvent, which provides a non-aggressive texture for protected lashes. Also, the low content of waxes creates a fluid and extremely light texture that's comfortable to wear and easy to apply.
This new-generation formula contains fluid polymers that fix actives and pigments for a waterproof-makeup result. The Arabic Gum gives an instantaneous curling effect and does not contain any solvent, which provides a non-aggressive texture for protected lashes. Also, the low content of waxes creates a fluid and extremely light texture that's comfortable to wear and easy to apply.
Hydra Sparkling Velvet Luminescence Moisturizing Cream reinvents the very concept of hydration with the innovation of a truly new water organization around and within cells. The formula is tremendously soft and comfortable with a non-greasy and non-sticky finish. The 5-molecule complex is capable of constantly generating the effervescence of sparkling water deep within the skin, to maximize moisture added to the skin and empower it with full sparkling energy for an intense luminescent result. Recommended for normal to combination skin types.
Dahlia Noir is a feminine and mysterious name referring to a flower that does not exist: the paradoxical black dahlia. Structured and rigorous, yet feminine and soft, the dahlia epitomizes Givenchy’s style.
True dahlias have no scent, leaving room for imagination and fantasy. The fragrance, created by François Demachy and Riccardo Tisci, has a distinctive personality, yet is reminiscent of a tradition of beauty and femininity.
Givenchy Paris appears on the front of the bottle as on the very first Givenchy fragrances, reaffirming itsFrench and Couture heritage. The structured, heavy cap adds a masculine touch which is softened by the salmon pink color of the juice, and luminous silver touches underlining the edges of the cap. Like a precious secret, Dahlia Noir is debossed on the silver plates hidden beneath the cap. 
Totally weightless and invisible on the skin, this creamy formula provides ultimate softness and a light-as-air natural finish. With a consistency that’s easy to blend, this bronzer can be applied alone with the Givenchy Kabuki brush or over Mister Radiant. Use it year-round to smooth pores, even the skin’s texture, and provide a healthy glow.
This powder contains four shades that combine to form a unique blend that presents subtle and attractive harmonies for maximum radiance. Atomized particles create a fabulously soft and homogeneous powder that provides flawless radiance and a matte finish.
Hydra Sparkling Magic Lip & Cheek Balm's innovative formula moisturizes and provides a flushed tint to lips and cheeks. It contains pigments that react with the skin's humidity to create a personalized hint of color to the lips and a delicate glow to the cheeks. Hyaluronic acid spheres bring moisture and fill in the dehydration lines and, by capturing water, these water-soaked spheres swell to increase the volume—thus providing a plumping action on lips and cheeks. Lips and cheeks are lipid-replenished by Luffa Oil, which is rich in fatty acids, and the glossy cream contains a texture with a melting and softening sensation.
With its breakthrough massage technology, Mister Lash Booster offers all-in-one eyelash care, lash primer, and transparent mascara. Thanks to the high-performing formula and a specific applicator, which is composed of supple bristles for a massage action that helps nourish the lashes in depth, it helps nourish and fortify lashes for a denser and more resistant fringe. Mister Lash can be used for both lashes and eye brows.
Givenchy Pro Energizing Massive Moisturizer is a dual-action cream that contains intense moisturizers and a cocktail of vitamins A, C, and E to reactivate the skin's energy, support natural cell renewal, and protect against razor burn. Hyaluronic acid, a powerful moisturizer, leaves the skin ultra-supple and soothed.
A surprising and bold fragrance, Play for Her radiates its unusual alchemy, combining the floral notes of the tiare flower and the warm accords of amyris wood to create a voluptuously flowered fragrance with woody tones. Imagining a woman who is naturally seductive and ready for life's surprises, Givenchy's perfumers created this sparkling composition to astonish and captivate.
Givenchy Peel Me Perfectly - Tri-Performance Skin Polisher - Smoothness, Radiance, Purity combines three actions to perfect the complexion: smoothes skin, enhances radiance, and purifies. Exfoliating microspheres refine skin texture, oarweed extract and glycolic acid promote natural exfoliation, and a clay extract helps cleanse the skin and tighten pores. The mauve, velvety cream is your ticket to luminous skin! 
Are you man enough? Givenchy Intensive Age-Fighting Force uses fragments of elastin to boost elasticity and collagen to fill wrinkles. The face immediately looks younger and smoother. Wrinkles gradually disappear with a long-lasting effect.
Amarige expresses the emotion of love at first sight. A romantic scent of grace, warmth, and fantasy for a spirited, confident, spontaneous woman. The Amarige bottle was inspired by a blouse once created by Hubert de Givenchy for his muse and style model, Bettina Graziella. A wide collar of gold—part-frosted, part-clear, part-opaline, part-flame—unveils the enchantment of the fragrance.
New generation texture, easy, gentle application, and intense pigments make this liner a must-have. The innovative formula contains silicone for gentle, smooth application. Ploythylene hollow spheres and kaolin help color stay put all day.
With its infinitely light texture, Gloss Interdit provides spectacular shine and leaves lips smoothed and plumped. The formula is enriched with high-performance skincare ingredients developed by Givenchy Laboratories.
Are you man enough? Givenchy Powerful Renovating Skin Peel frees skin of dead cells and excess sebum, using glycolic acid. This exfoliator leaves skin balanced and protected by moisturizing and soothing ingredients.
The secret of this mascara's high-definition lengthening power lies in its extending and fixing. It strikes the perfect balance between the formula's elasticity and drying time. The result is bat-worthy lashes with a panoramic effect.
The secret of this mascara's high-definition lengthening power lies in its extending and fixing. It strikes the perfect balance between the formula's elasticity and drying time. The result is bat-worthy lashes with a panoramic effect.
Givenchy No Surgetics Plasti Sculpt Eye Lifting Gel is an ultra-targeted formula in a metallic roll-on applicator. It has a lifting and decongesting effect that gives a light, defined eye contour. Green tea polyphenols work to firm, as caffeine and micro-peptides drain bags and circles surrounding the eyes, giving a more youthful appearance*#151;without surgery. Day after day, puffiness and dark circles are visibly reduced and the eyelids' toned, supple texture is restored.
Glides onto lips without feathering as it provides a precise line. Enriched with vitamin E, the formula protects lips while skin conditioners retain moisture. Comes in seven gorgeous shades that match beautifully with Rouge Interdit lipstick. Sharpener included.
The secret of this eye makeup remover lies in its dual-phase texture. A duo of silicone oil and dry mineral oil completely remove makeup, while a soothing, pH-balanced water and panthenol component moisturize and soothe the skin and lashes. 
For this powerful interpretation of the original Play for Her, perfumers at the house of Givenchy layered bright intensity on the top notes: the fragrance opens with a pulse of orange blossom. Its heart notes emerge with accords of tiare flower and amyris wood—combining to create a remarkably voluptuous and floral fragrance with warm, woody tones. Imagining a woman who is naturally seductive and ready for life's surprises, the original sparkling composition, already seductive and surprising, was intensified to astonish and captivate.
This multitasking waterproof mascara is formulated with Givenchy’s exclusive Lash Booster Expert Complex that provides nutrition, revitalization, fortification, and protection. 
This cutting-edge pencil has three advantages: it glides on gently, has a high pigment content, and is completely user-friendly. Comes in three shades that go perfectly with every hair color - Brunette Show for shades ranging from brown to chestnut, Brown Show for chestnut shades to dark blond, and Blonde Show for light blond to blond. 
This ball-shaped brush, designed with Nicolas Degennes’ work on fashion shoots in mind, has fully angled bristles that generously grasp powder and fits perfectly to the skin with a bigger surface to blend. Superior quality goat hair improves the powder’s application thanks to the hair asperities that catch the powder, promoting a flexible and uniform application. 
In just one application, your nails are made up and showing off a mirror-like shine. The color-intense formula spreads evenly and comes in a transparent glass bottle engraved with the 4G logo and topped off with a metallic silver and leather-like cap.
This eye opening liquid liner contains a high concentration of pigments with a sprinkling of mother-of-pearl particles for a unique, long-lasting intensity that will not run or flake. Three deep dark shades match those of Parad'Eyes mascara for harmonious, totally bewitching eyes.
Parad'Eyes' unique formula contains a surfactant derived from sugar for a smooth application and a combination of resins and polymers that form an ultra-fine film to provide perfect hold throughout the day.
This eye opening liquid liner contains a high concentration of pigments with a sprinkling of mother-of-pearl particles for a unique, long-lasting intensity that will not run or flake. Three deep dark shades match those of Parad'Eyes mascara for harmonious, totally bewitching eyes.
Parad'Eyes' unique formula contains a surfactant derived from sugar for a smooth application and a combination of resins and polymers that form an ultra-fine film to provide perfect hold throughout the day.
Nicolas Degennes created a surprisingly flashy and translucent coral shade that reflects the joyful spontaneity of emotions. With a skin-like buildable result, this natural coral glow gives cheeks a healthy just-pinched look. 
Dreaming of perfectly even and oh-so-natural eyebrows? Givenchy has developed the first transparent eyebrow-fixing pencil that's totally natural.
Enriched with emollient, shea, and aloe, eyebrows are immediately and evenly smoothed. Achieve the right movement with only your finger thanks to selected polymers, which reinforce adhesion. A perfectly transparent shade for ultra-natural and subtly glossy eyebrows.
This ingenious eraser instantly removes all traces of eye and lip makeup, including waterproof formulas, with its coconut derivative anionic surfactant formula. Skin-soothing and softening properties of fig extract keep skin comfortably balanced and refreshed. 
This long-lasting moisturizing and re-illuminating skin treatment helps decongest undereye puffiness and visibly reduces dark circles. The Hydra Sparkling collection reinvents the very concept of hydration with the innovation of a truly new water organization around and within cells. The five-molecule complex is capable of constantly generating the effervescence of sparkling water deep within the skin to maximize moisture content and empower it with energy for an intense luminescent result. 
Givenchy Mist Me Gently—Instant Moisturizing & Relaxing Mist freshens and treats the skin with its ultra-fine micro-droplets. It provides moisturizing action with hyaluronic acid, which slows the evaporation of water, and an anti-stress action, thanks to its Yin Yang complex of Egyptian lotus, sacred lotus, and magnesium salt. Spritz it on prior to makeup to refresh and soften or after for a quick fix.
Givenchy Magic Kajal Eye Pencil reveals the beauty of eyes with a very intense carbon black shade to apply around the inner rim of the eyelids. Inspired by the kajal used by Indian women, the pencil contains wax and oil—making the texture creamy and generous. The formula is enriched with vitamin E for a smooth application and is long lasting—allowing your dark, eye-catching look to last all day.
In 1975, Hubert de Givenchy wanted to emphasize an image of masculine elegance after opening his ready-to-wear boutique, Givenchy Gentleman. This distinguished fragrance combines patchouli and vetiver with Russian leather for a handsome scent that exudes confidence.
This transparent gel gives the face a transparent veil of luminous color. Formulated with three microspheres, this weightless gel freshens and moisturizes skin, enhancing the skin's overall color and glow.
More than a lipstick, Givenchy's latest fashion accessory for lips takes on a new look for spring and will have you re-applying for more. Its elegant case delivers the ideal glossy finish thanks to a moisturizing formula that layers on color with a mirror-like effect using mother-of-pearl and multi-hued shimmers.
Skin is no longer submitted to the melanin triggering factors at night—making it the ideal moment for the skin to fight back against the dark spots. This nightcare cream is reinforced with a specific brightening system for a comprehensive answer on all signs of aging, and more specifically on aging dark spots. The extremely dense, rich balm texture envelops the skin to provide an intense sensation of comfort and regeneration. Intensity of dark spots is attenuated and pigmentary imperfections are reduced, while wrinkles and lines are smoothed and skin is visibly firmer. The skin is protected and a very pleasant velvety matte film remains on the surface. Skin feels rested and regenerated as the complexion is brightened and armed to face the day.
Gelée d'Interdit balm gloss offers a glossy, sheer finish and long-term smoothing and plumping effect. This wax-free product features a new cocktail of active ingredients including dehydrated hyaluronic microspheres which slip into the lips' fine lines and hold the water naturally present within the skin's surface. Like small sponges, they soak in the water and increase their volume by up to 50 times for an immediately smoother effect. Their corrective and restructured actions erase the appearance of fine lines and any other lip surface imperfections. Vegetal extract (apiace extract) has strong long-term revitalizing and smoothing properties while cameline oil provides comfort and hydration. It is known to support the natural cell renewal process, preventing the accumulation of dead cells on the lips, which can create irregular lines. 
Gelée d'Interdit balm gloss offers a glossy, sheer finish and long-term smoothing and plumping effect. This wax-free product features a new cocktail of active ingredients including dehydrated hyaluronic microspheres which slip into the lips' fine lines and hold the water naturally present within the skin's surface. Like small sponges, they soak in the water and increase their volume by up to 50 times for an immediately smoother effect. Their corrective and restructured actions erase the appearance of fine lines and any other lip surface imperfections. Vegetal extract (apiace extract) has strong long-term revitalizing and smoothing properties while cameline oil provides comfort and hydration. It is known to support the natural cell renewal process, preventing the accumulation of dead cells on the lips, which can create irregular lines. 
Give your skin the tender, loving care it deserves with Givenchy Clean It Tender Creamy Cleansing Foam. Developed especially for normal to dry complexions, it removes impurities and makeup without drying skin, leaving it ultra-fresh, smooth, and luminous.
Give your complexion the tender, loving care it deserves with Givenchy Tone It Tender Moisturizing Lotion Skin Soother. It refreshes the face, using the gentleness of lime blossoms and a hydro-balancing complex to revive cell metabolism and prepare the skin for the application of other products. It's alcohol-free.
The truth shouldn't hurt, that's why Givenchy Clean It True Regulating Cleansing Gel is specially-formulated for combination and oily skin. As it removes impurities and makeup, the natural astringent elements of witch hazel work to tighten pores and control oil, restoring the complexion's freshness.
Are you man enough? Givenchy Pro Energizing Shaving Cream not only helps the razor glide smoothly but also soothes and energizes the skin. A duo of vitamin A and E gives the skin the right dose of energy. The formula of half cream and half foam melts into the skin allowing for a clean, close shave.
Wanna live? Just Play! Extremely modern yet totally timeless, Play offers a multisensorial experience available in two compositions. Both fragrances are centered around the Amyris wood, a Caribbean wood that possesses a warm and sensual tonality that gives Play its signature radiance. PLAY Eau De Toilette is woody fresh and has a sparkling composition with a top note of bergamot.
Givenchy Secur'eyes Delicate Eye Make-Up Remover protects the most delicate part of your face and soothes and cleanses the eye area.
Wanna Live? Just Play! Extremely modern yet totally timeless, Play offers a multisensorial experience available in two compositions. Both fragrances are centered around the Amyris wood, a Caribbean wood that possesses a warm and sensual tonality that gives Play its signature radiance. PLAY Eau De Toilette Intense is woody oriental and captivates with its rich texture and tonka bean trail.
In 1996, Givenchy created Xeryus Rouge, a fragrance for the man who lives life with passion.
Givenchy Vernis Please! Nail Lacquer has a glossy formula that glides onto the nails and delivers rich, vibrant color. Apply one layer for a semitransparent touch of color or two layers for a more intense result. The chip-resistant formula ensures polish will last.
Hydra Sparkling Velvet Luminescence Moisturizing Cream Dry Skin reinvents the very concept of hydration with the innovation of a truly new water organization around and within cells. The cream’s texture is tremendously soft and comfortable with a non-greasy, non-sticky finish. The five-molecule complex is capable of constantly generating the effervescence of sparkling water deep within the skin to maximize moisture content and empower it with full sparkling energy for an intense luminescent result. Nourishing shea butter plus luffa oil provide lipids that deeply nourish and hydrate the skin. 
Blue Label embodies the energy, style, and attitude of today's man. From chilling out to thrilling adventure this invigorating cocktail of fresh citrus mingled with aquatic notes, vibrant spices, and masculine woods makes the perfect accessory for the man who wants it all.
Givenchy Le Soin Noir contains an extremely precious, natural age-defying ingredient that will secure its status in your antiaging routine. Used for the first time in cosmetics, Vital Black Algae Sap Concentrate restores communication between the skin's cells. Givenchy's researchers have developed a method to infuse this potion with a rare black algae extract to help maintain and prolong cellular longevity. Parched skin drinks in the hydration it needs—leaving your complexion firm, glowing, and even-toned.
Formulated with powerful black algae sap concentrate, this gel reduces puffiness, brightens dark circles, and smoothes and evens out the entire eye contour area. The eye area is rebuilt and regenerated, spectacularly regaining tone and suppleness. Rested, revitalized and glowing with new radiance, the look of the eyes is beautifully transformed.
This eye shadow’s creamy texture turns into a smooth powder for a light and comfortable result. With a pearlescent finish, this shadow works equally well as a primer beneath other shadows. 
Youth Infusion Eye Serum is formulated with a unique complex capable of generating micro-stimuli, which encourage the skin’s cells to produce their own age-defying protein HSP70. As the eye contour area is poor in lipids, this soothing, nourishing formula reinforces the hydro-lipidic film providing a defense and repair mechanism against the visible signs of aging. Regular use of this serum preserves tone and resilience and diminishes the appearance of dark circles and puffiness. 
More than a gloss, this formula subtly enhances the natural color of the lips while also nourishing and enhancing lip volume. Key ingredients such as shea butter extract provides the lips with long-lasting moisture, while Lycopene oil extract helps protect against the harmful effects of the sun. Hyaluronic micro-spheres expand the lips’ upper layers in volume and visibly fill lines and wrinkles for a smoothing and plumping effect.
The truth shouldn't hurt, that's why Givenchy Tone It True Matifying Lotion Skin Refiner combines an ideal zinc concentration with an astringent ingredient to remove excess sebum, while gently reviving cell metabolism. Pores are visibly tightened and the skin is left with a perfect matte finish, preparing your face for the application of other products.
Givenchy's new fragrance, Pi Neo, plays with the limits of time, space, and matter. Inspired by the movie The Matrix, this futuristic, adventurous men's fragrance uses notes of toscanol, myrtle, and patchouli to create the illusion of a virtual world.
This transparent polish intensifies color application and imparts a beautifully glossy and even finish. 
These eye shadows are extremely soft powders with lasting adherence. The vibrant and stay-true colors provide immediate pay-off.
Givenchy Le Prisme Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Barielle Nail Color is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $8.00 and contains 0.45 oz. There are 180 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Originally created to condition the hooves of million dollar, thoroughbred racehorses, this trusted and legendary formula helps nails grow healthier and stronger while resisting splits, peels and breaks. May be used over nail enamel.
Each day, nails are stripped of natural oils (lipids) supplied by the cuticles. Lipids move through the porous structure of nails to provide flexibility which helps reduce breakage. This product replicates the body's natural lipids diminished by water, soap and detergents.
This gel can be used as an integral part of a manicure or as a daily cuticle treatment. It's special, gentle formulation contains natural softeners to enhance the contour of the nail by minimizing hard cuticles, while also moisturizing those that are ragged, bitten or dried. Well maintained cuticles enhance nail growth. This Formaldehyde free formula penetrates thick, dry cuticles leaving them soft and transparent.
This revolutionary formula helps build up damaged nails, bonding and fortifying weak nail layers together. A perfect product to help damaged nails after removing wraps and acrylics.
Fortifies the nails with Calcium Fluoride to bond weak layers and seal free edges. This vitamin enriched formula absorbs quickly into nails to maintain durability and help protect against splitting, peeling and cracking.
This base coat contains water which helps to replenish the normal moisture loss from the nail due to the natural environmental process. This replenishing process helps provide a moisture balance necessary to have flexible nails and prevent brittleness and breakage. One coat will help to smooth the surface of the nail, filling in any imperfections
Camouflage years of nail damage with this specially formulated, ridge filling treatment. A natural color enhancer will conceal imperfections while leaving your nails looking youthful and bright. A combination of vitamins and protein will visibly smooth nails while guarding against splits and breaks.
Formulated with the unique ingredient Prosina™ , a Keratin Peptide, which helps nails become stronger and more break resistant. This high viscosity formula will help provide a reinforced shield for maximum protection and durability, while giving your nails a beautiful splash of color. Available in pink, light pink and nude.
This award winning, high gloss, quick drying formula provides a hard, chip resistant top coat. This formula was also developed to help protect the nail and color from UV radiation to help keep dark colors from fading and light colors from yellowing.
Our exclusive 3-in-1 formula offers an exceptional chip-resistant gloss coat protection, a super- fast drying formula plus a beneficial advanced silk protein treatment. It helps prevent polish from chipping and peeling, adds a high gloss shine, strengthens, conditions, and protects your manicure.
A clear, quick-drying nail builder that instantly thickens nails up to 50% of their natural thickness in just one coat. Helps heal cracked, split, or peeling nails with vitamins and proteins. Formulated for use over bare or polished nails to thicken and encourage growth.
A super-strength reinforcer to use as a base coat, top coat or alone to harden nails instantly and provide maximum protection against breakage. It helps you maximize your favorite nail lacquers by making the polish adhere better to your nails. Dries to a clear, glossy finish. Vitamin E, natural protein and sunscreen additives make this formula so effective.
Love Your Nails nail polish remover towelettes are acetone free and will not dry out nails. These convenient travel easy towelettes condition your cuticles as they clean and prime your nails. Each individual towelette is super efficient and able to remove the polish from all 10 nails, in addition to having a mild and pleasant fragrance, unlike most nail polish remover products. One compact sized container holds 25 citrus scented towelettes.
Barielle Non Acetone Nail Polish Remover is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $10.00 and contains 4.00 oz.
Uniquely formulated for weak, hard to grow nails. Active garlic enzymes help to stimulate new nail growth, while Safflower Seed Oil helps as a source of nail regeneration. A combination of ingredients help keep the nail strong and hydrated. A perfect solution for developing and growing natural nails after removing acrylics. See significant results in as little as two weeks.
A unique blend of strengtheners & conditioners with a proprietary formula that provides outstanding strength, conditioning and protection to the nail for greater flexibility. Dries with a matte finish that can be used by men or women. Also dulls the high luster shine of color polish to provide a satin finish.
Nails can look yellow or dull. Nail Brightener is specifically formulated for people who don't use nail color but want healthy, natural looking nails. This unique, quickdrying formula has anti-oxidizing properties that not only hydrate but also brighten your nails.
A unique dual-action nail product that will cleanse and prime the nail plate with a multi-fruit complex of Alpha Hydroxy acids. In addition it delivers a strengthening agent Nonycosine-E directly to the nail. It is a completely effective way to deliver corrective action to soft and weak nails.
Odorless and invisible yet intensely bitter, this formula is designed to help stop biting nails and cuticles. This non-gloss, hydrating, nitrocellulose free formula has been enriched with active ingredients to help promote fast and healthy nail growth. May also be used on children as a deterrent for thumb sucking, with parental supervision.
Dead Sea Salts gently exfoliate dead skin cells while high quality Essential Oil Lubricants nourish, moisturize and protect nails, hands and feet thus enriching a healthier glow. You will experience instantaneous results and feel the difference after only one application.
Developed for use by professional jockeys and tested by the jockeys themselves at the toughest proving ground in the world (Belmont Racetrack). Rich in emollients, Vitamin E and protein, this proven formula helps soften and moisturize hands while forming an invisible shield to help protect against water, wind or extreme cold.
An intensive overnight, moisture treatment that heals rough, dry, scaled, and chapped hands. This greaseless penetrating cream, formulated with revolutionary Oat Beta Glucan, provides a protective barrier directly on the skin to prevent dryness. Oat Beta Glucan is a unique ingredient derived from natural oats that acts as a natural anti-irritant which is safe for even the most sensitive skin.
A safe and effective cream for age spots, freckles, unevenness of skin color and other discolorations of the skin. This advanced formula is enriched with oils, a multifruit complex of Alpha Hydroxy Acids and is hydroquinone free. It helps to leave your skin nourished, protected and completely balanced.
Our luxurious, conditioning formula that softens and helps to eliminates calluses while healing chapped areas of the feet. Contains no peeling ingredients, acids or camphors, so it can never irritate the sensitive areas of your skin. Leaves your entire foot softened and silky. Total Foot Care Cream is the perfect treatment to show off great looking feet and really enhance a pedicure.
A luxurious, light and refreshing massage cream that contains a special blend of botanical extracts, vitamins and essential oils to restore and re-hydrate your feet to its natural softness. The unique blend of Glycolic and Alpha Hydroxy acids combine to yield a time-release system that will help exfoliate and reveal a fresher-looking layer of skin, renew cell reproduction and assist in the regulation of excessive perspiration.
A professional texture that blends onto the eyelid leaving nothing but dense and powdery ultra-matte colour with a velvety effect. An innovative mousse texture in two finishes: Soft fusion: applied with the fingertips, the texture blends with the skin to create a light veil of colour. Bold fusion: using the applicator, the finish is intensified to reveal pure matte colour.
A lust-worthy, limited-edition palette of 12 high-impact shadows with a new pure pigment formula for endless eye looks. 
Bobbi Brown Ballet Pink that is limited edition and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.37 oz.
Bestselling shades bring chic to the cheeks of every NARSissist. A luminous flush of highlighting blush will give the skin an alabaster glow, while the soft, sheer powder blush complements the complexion and adds a peachy pink shimmer to the cheeks. The true brown-based bronzer with a gold shimmer fusion is excellent for creating or enhancing the look of healthy, glowing, tanned skin. Packaged together with a travel-size blush brush, you can keep it in your purse and touch up your cheeks while on the go. 
Kat Von D Spring 2014 Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The sheer lip look of the season-introducing a lightweight formula for lips that delivers an effortless wash of color plus nourishing shine. The best part? Luxurious butters and oils improve the overall condition of lips, instantly and over time. Glides on smoothly and evenly for hours of feather-free wear. In a range of creamy and shimmery shades (the hardest part is having to choose.)
Bobbi Brown L'Wren Scott Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $69.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Amnesia Rose that is limited edition and retails for $69.00.
Add spark to your gorgeous cheeks with Clinique Cheek Pop blush. The vibrant yet natural looking blush features a silky smooth formula and shades to match every skin tone.
How to use: Swirl color onto brush and sweep over the apples of your cheeks. Gently blend the color up toward cheekbones and temples. Reapply to build desired brightness.
This perfectly portable mirrored compact features eight new limited-edition eye shadows and one blush in everyday shades that complement all complexions. Create the perfect matte look for any occasion by mixing and matching the liner, lid, crease, and highlight colors in the supremely soft, velvety formula. Each shade delivers rich, blendable pigments. The innovative Amazonian colored clay provides unique antiaging, hydrating, and color-correcting benefits. 
This innovative hybrid combines the qualities of Hourglass Ambient Lighting Powder, the cutting-edge collection of finishing powders, with an array of vivid cheek colors. Unlike traditional blush, which tends to be flat, Ambient Lighting Blush uses photoluminescent technology to exhibit depth and dimension. Lightweight and airy in texture, these handmade powders contain optically transparent particles that amplify the colors to a multidimensional level. Formulated using an advanced “miscelare” technique—“to mix” in Italian—each blush has the perfect balance of pigment and powder, and no two look alike. Each shade in this versatile spectrum delivers a radiant natural finish and offers beautifully buildable color. 
Hakuhodo G5520 Pointed Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $21.00.
Hakuhodo G5515 Pointed Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00.
Hakuhodo G5522 Tapered Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $28.00.
Too Faced Teddy Bear Brush Set is a Brush that retails for $65.00.
Formulated with the perfect balance of oils, waxes, and powders, HD Blush combines the second skin look of a cream with the ease of a powder. Created for HD technology, this formula blends into skin with no visible texture for a truly natural flush of color. It’s completely weightless and can be worn over or under powder to flawlessly sculpt and highlight cheeks. 
Formulated with the perfect balance of oils, waxes, and powders, HD Blush combines the second skin look of a cream with the ease of a powder. Created for HD technology, this formula blends into skin with no visible texture for a truly natural flush of color. It’s completely weightless and can be worn over or under powder to flawlessly sculpt and highlight cheeks. 
For a sheer effect, blend on lids brush or your fingers. For a more dramatic look either add another layer or wear on top of your favorite eyeshadow.
Organic Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil**, Organic Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil**, Organic Cera Alba (Beeswax)**, Silica*, Organic Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil**, Organic Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter**, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax*, Organic Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax**, Tocopherol*, Natural Flavor*, Trans-Resveratrol*, Vitis Vinefera (Grapeseed) Oil*, Siraitia Grosvenori (Monk Fruit)*. May Contain: Mica (Ci 77019)*, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891)*, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499)*, Carmine (Ci 75470)*, Fd&C Blue No. 1 (Ci 42090), Fd&C Yellow No. 5 (Ci 19140), Fd&C Yellow No. 6 (Ci 15985), Fd&C Red No. 40 (Ci 16035), D&C Red 6 (Ci 15850), D&C Red 7 (Ci 15850), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742)*. *Natural. **Certified organic.
Revlon ColorBurst Matte Balm offers velvety color with balm-like moisture. Infused with a Triple Butter Complex of Shea, Mango and Coconut Butter. This retractable chubby crayon requires no sharpener.
The intense rich colour of a lipstick, enhanced by a satin smooth shine.The earth-shattering lip lacquer from Rimmel London
Scandal Eyes Waterproof Kohl Eyeliner by Rimmer London gives instant colour impact with its high intensity pigments. The ultra smooth & creamy formula glides on easily and doesn't budget. Smudge-proof and waterproof.
CeraVe™ Moisturizing Cream is a vital part of a daily skin care routine. Its patented MVE formulation releases ceramides and other essential ingredients throughout the day, so they penetrate deep into the skin to hydrate and nourish.
A soothing formula with a unique combination of Neurosensine, a calming agent that targets the signs of skin irritation and La Roche-Posay thermal spring water, naturally soothing and anti-irritating. Purity is ensured with every application thanks to a new generation of hermetic packaging allowing a highly minimalist formulation. The rich and smooth texture ensure skin is immediately hydrated and soothed upon application. Day after day, the signs of skin sensitivity are reduced and comfort is restored.
Skin Perfecting 2% BHA Liquid rapidly exfoliates both the skin's surface and inside the pore, reshaping the pore lining, unclogging pores and improving skin cell turnover rate. The result is a dramatic improvement in the skin's appearance, feel, and function which leads to healthier skin. There is a great deal of research indicating that BHA (beta hydroxy acid) increases collagen production and drastically smoothes the surface of skin.
Bio Retinoid™ Anti-Ageing Cream visibly reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, smooths and refines skin texture, and revitalizes and boosts radiance. Skin is left looking and feeling fresher, firmer, and lifted. 
Highly Concentrated Nourishing Treatment for Dry, Extremely Sensitised, Fine Hair
This styling innovation allows fine, thin hair to act like thick hair with naturally soft, touchable body. By depositing thickening points on the hair strands, Full creates a thicker surface that enables fine hair to have natural movement and bounce, beautiful shape, and volume throughout the day. While traditional thickening products create a hard, brittle hold that collapses upon touch, Full allows your style to remain flexible, soft, and resilient. Go ahead, run your fingers through your hair, no need to fear a style fall.
Leaves hair deeply nourished. Improves elasticity and shine. Provides long lasting conditioning benefits. Repairs dry, damaged hair. Rejuvenates and rebuilds the hair. Infused with macadamia oil, argan oil, tea tree oil, chamomile oil, aloe and algae extracts.
Organix Moraccan Aragn Oil Shampoo penetrates into the hair shaft help mend your hair and give it strength and shine. The formula is free of parabens and sulfates and is safe for color-treated hair. It will create a soft, silky look while prtecting your hair against styling heat and UV damage.
An ultra-gentle cleanser for ultra-beautiful color. Extend the bright, happy life of your dye with high-tech ingredients that target damaged areas for intense moisture treatment and protect your hue from the elements.
Pureology Hydrate Shampoo gently cleanses without stripping colour with this concentrated moisturizing shampoo. ZeroSulfate formula with the exclusive AntiFadeComplex delivers a rich lather, while infusing hair with essential hydration and colour retention.
This is your full-coverage insurance policy against all fading, creasing, melting, blurring, oil slicked, and hard-to-blend eye shadow accidents. Our silicone based eye shadow primer transforms any eyeshadow into a perfectly blendable, color-drenched, intensified version of itself, then locks it down perfectly until you take it off. This soothing formula evens out the skintone on your lids and smoothes lines while securing a barrier between the oils of your skin and your makeup, so no shadow catastrophes will ever happen again.
Get 24 hours of vibrant, crease-free shadow and minimize the appearance of wrinkles in 8 weeks. This anti-aging version of Urban Decay's bestselling Eyeshadow Primer Potion contains optical blurring pigments to minimize flaws, along with high-tech anti-aging ingredients like Dermaxyl and Kalpariane.
This formula not only locks shadow in place to give you vibrant, crease-free color that lasts all day; it also measurably improves the signs of aging over time. High-tech ingredients fight wrinkles and improve tone and texture, while optical blurring pigments create a subtle, soft-focus effect that instantly wakes up tired eyes and minimizes the appearance of redness, crepiness and other imperfections.
A lightweight cream eye shadow with a radiant, lustrous finish that maintains a just-applied fresh look for 16 hours without smudging or creasing.
Get picture perfect with this shadow, specifically developed for the studio. Its super-creamy formula provides vibrant color that lasts up to 15 hours with no creasing, caking, or flaking. And because it’s transfer-, sweat-, and humidity- resistant, your look will last long after the photo shoot is over.
Shiro Cosmetics Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $5.00. There are 45 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get the same precision as a liquid liner with our easily applied gel based liner. The eyeliners glide on with ease and dry to a water-resistant, smudge-proof finish that won’t fade or crease. With their intense color and rich pigmentation, these long lasting liners are sure to make a standing impression.
The verdict is in, and smudge pots take the prize for sexy eyes. The innovative and spunky alternative to traditional powder and liquid formulas, this clever little gel has an inky intensity that leaves powder shadows in the dust. The glass jar and airtight lid keeps the gel soft and pliable.
A creamy Amazonian clay infused eyeliner that goes on smooth and allows you to create a thin line or thick cat eye in an instant then dries down to budge-proof smudge-proof perfection. A FREE double-ended liner brush is included for precise application.
Line and define your gorgeous eyes with this clay infused formula that glides over lids without pulling or tugging. The quick-dry formula is available in a variety of shades and sets quickly so your liner stays put all day. Get the sharpness of a liquid liner look but with a plush velvety finish that's easily smudgeable allowing you to create your choice of a sleek or smoldering line.
Special occasions require special eye make-up products like the Gel Eyeliner from Essence! It's ultra-smooth gel formula allows an accurate application similar to liquid eyeliner. The range offers various effects, such as matte or shimmering. Simply dip the special Essence Gel Eyeliner Brush into the pot and effortlessly paint a perfect quick drying line. You're left with an ultra long-lasting, smudge and waterproof look!
Jordana 12 HR Made To Last Liquid Eyeliner Pencil is a Eyeliner that retails for $2.49 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our bestselling Smudge Sticks are available in an array of matte and shimmer formulas that stay—not stray—for reliable color payoff that’s second to none. With a range of gorgeous shades to choose from, they feature a cocktail of moisturizing ingredients that ensures color glides on smooth (no tugging or pulling) and the waterproof formula won’t budge or fade. What’s more, our Smudge Sticks can be used as a classic pencil liner or a smudgy eye shadow - simply smudge with your fingers or a brush. The color sets after you’ve had time to get your desired effect, and then stays put all day. 
These high-impact pencils come in various waterproof shades ranging from the necessary classics to cutting-edge couture. Each includes a flexi-firm, beveled smudger to allow a smoky blend or precise line. Once applied, this eyeliner won't transfer, smudge, or budge, and unlike most other waterproof formulas, it even holds up to tears. This creamy smooth liner glides on effortlessly never pulling, skipping, or slipping.
Featuring a long-lasting pigmented formula, this black eyeliner has an easy-to-apply, pen-style nib, allowing you to create thick feline flicks and defined lines for a smudge-proof finish. Apply a thin line along the lash line and inner rim or smudge outside the rim for a sultry, smoky effect. This gratifying, color-intense liner doesn't flake or fade and adds a unique touch to any look.
Jordana INCOLOR Fabuliner Liquid Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $2.99 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The flexible tip provides ultimate control, accuracy and smooth strokes, so you'll never miss your lines. From very fine to dramatically bold, this versatile pro will take you to the front of the line every time!
Lash Boosting complex targets the root of lashes where it is most effective in providing nutrients associated with growing long, thick lashes. Innovative and easy to use eyelining tool delivers effortless definition. High-tech Japanese formula is long-wearing, water-resistant and smudge-resistant.
This bold range of extended wear eyeliners provides a blast of color that stays put for 12-hours. Create looks like those by professional makeup artists with formulations that are packed with highly concentrated of pigments. The brush's flocked tip is incredibly easy to use, allowing you to draw a line of color that's precise, consistent, and intense—all in a single step.
Clump Crusher by LashBlast mascara delivers 200% more volume with zero clumps (vs. bare lashes) for beautifully separated lashes. Clump crusher's innovative curved brush features a lash loading section to saturate lashes with loads of product and fine-tooth comb bristles to evenly distribute mascara.
Take your look from class to sass with lashes that love to flirt with volume! The dense-bristled brush picks up just the right amount of mascara, evenly coating and separating each lash for a pretty doe-eyed effect! Add an extra coat for unbelievable 3-D volume!
Stretch and extend your lashes like wings! Introducing Voluminous Butterfly Mascara, one of L'Oreal Paris most-exciting mascara innovations, yet. It's revolutionary Butterfly Brush with asymmetrical lash line shape extends and lifts outer corner lashes to give you a winged-out effect, instantly volumizing lashes at the roots and stretching lashes outward. The unique Cocoon Fibers instantly wrap lashes in a soft, delicate veil to create silky, spectacular lashes that flutter.
L'Oreal presents Carbon Black Voluminous Volume Building Mascara. L'Oreal's Carbon Black Voluminous is uniquely formulated to resist clumping, soften lashes, and build lashes to 4X their natural thickness!
Wet 'n' Wild Wild Rose Champagne Glow retails for $4.99 and contains 0.40 oz.
Our blushers are long lasting and highly pigmented available in a variety of finishes. Each shade glides on smoothly and enables you to create an array of stunning looks. We offer a wide range of shades to complement any skin tone, no matter the occasion.
The must-have for summer 2013, this bright and trendy blush puts the spotlight on cheeks.
Its unique, creamy and non-greasy texture can be endlessly adjusted, bringing a seamless flush of colour to the skin without altering makeup. Easy to apply and wear, these delectable shades highlight fresh, plump cheeks and create an instant healthy glow.
This buildable, blendable blush hybrid provides the natural look of a cream blush with the long-lasting hydrating color of a gel stain. Infused with 50 percent-pure coconut water, it instantly hydrates while nourishing with the powerful benefits of vitamin E-rich argan oil. Like a refreshing sip of coconut water for your skin, this moisture-packed blush instantly drenches cheeks in a cool veil of color. 
Our ingenious two-in-one lipstick and blush is loaded with creamy, translucent color—for simply irresistible lips and cheeks—on the double. This makeup bag must-have features a fresh burst of radiant color that blends beautifully to create a gorgeous glow. Just tap onto cheeks and press onto lips for a fast makeup fix anytime. 
Bourjois Delice de Poudre Bronzing Powder , with flecks of gold and infused with a sweet chocolate fragrance, you will smell as gorgeous as you look!
Let a little sunshine into your life for cheap, with NYC New York Color Smooth Skin Bronzing Powder. It glides on easily for a sheer bronze glow that looks like you just stepped off the beach. It is easy to use everywhere and is perfect for quick touch-ups throughout the day. 
This earth-friendly finishing kabuki brush features a natural bamboo handle and soft, cruelty free bristles made of taklon. The brush comes is a reusable storage pouch.
Why did IT Cosmetics create this product: IT Cosmetic creator wanted to create the perfect Flat Top Buffing Foundation Brush so women would be able to have a flawless, airbrush finish with each and every time!
Sigma Makeup Powder/Blush is a Brush that retails for $21.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Builds a natural-looking flush. Just sweep blush onto the apples of your cheeks.
Brush 01 is perfect for foundation, it's about 5mm longer than a typical stippling brush to allow for gentle blending that won't pull the skin.
Brush 06 is great for blending! With a bit of curve, it can blend multiple colors or pull eyeshadow out or up toward the brow. This brush is also great for applying and blending cream or liquid concealers.
Brush 07 is designed for lipstick. This small, flat brush is stiffer than most lip brushes to give you more precision. For that reason, it's also great for gel or powder eyeliner.
Brush 08 is a brush for precision. It makes tightlining easy, so that you can work close to the lashline without smearing color onto the lids. When used to fill in brows, it gives you the perfect natural look.
Go beyond extending makeup wear to address the root cause of why your makeup moves. This formula specifically targets oil-prone areas and acts as liquid blotting paper to leave your skin fresh and matte all day. Use alone, before, or after foundation to control excess oil, while minimizing the appearance of pores. Feel free to use throughout the day to touch up areas of concern.
Take flawless into overtime! This instant PRO-long primer acts like a magnet to lock on your foundation for up to 15 fresh and flawless hours. The invisible stick-primer glides directly onto skin for optimal wear and a natural-looking finish. 
Smooth skin and minimize the look of enlarged pores with Fix & Perfect Foundation Primer by Rimmel. Apply prior to foundation to help smooth and even out your complexion. Helps makeup last all day long.
This one-of-a-kind makeup primer was scientifically formulated to wear alone or under bronzers and foundation powders for a look of flawless skin without makeup. Vitamins A & C, mulberry extract, and a powerful dose of Retinol virtually banish pores while tired skin is left hydrated, firmer, and detoxified. Primed & Poreless creates the perfect canvas to allow powders, bronzers, and foundations to slide seamlessly on the skin—delivering a flawless and perfectly blended look that stay in place all day. Skin appears brighter, fresher, and younger.
IT Cosmetics Light is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
An innovative, versatile powder makeup enhances, brightens and bronzes your complexion for a custom glow. On its own, it heightens the skin’s natural beauty, while over foundation it provides a sheer, luminous finish. Its formula features advanced technology to protect against skin-dulling environmental stressors, while white rose and cotton flower offer absolute comfort for even the most-sensitive complexions. The powder is available in seven no-fail shades. Each comes with its own sculpted half-moon brush.
A silky finishing powder that provides an invisible way to set makeup. Reduces shine while optically minimizing the look of pores, lines, imperfections. Available in one universal colour that suits all shades. Wear over makeup or on bare, moisturized skin.
Discover this decidedly different and extremely gentle way to thoroughly purify your complexion. This preservative-free solution effectively breaks up all makeup, dissolves impurities, and washes away all residue.
This makeup remover goes on as a solid balm and transforms into a silky oil that effortlessly dissolves makeup and sunscreen. Its non-greasy, non-drying formula cleanses thoroughly and rinses off completely.
An industry-strength oil-based makeup remover that's gentle on the skin. Botanically formulated with oils of olive fruit, evening primrose and jojoba seed and absolutely 100% mineral-oil free. Massages onto the skin to loosen all makeup, including waterproof mascara. Emulsifies into a lotion-type liquid with water: rinses off easily, no tissues required—and no residue! Protects with vitamin E. Skin softening and conditioning.
Philosophy Purity Made Simple is a pH-balanced formula that rapidly dissolves dirt and makeup while deep cleaning pores. The bestselling cleanser contains infusions of sage, chamomile, and carrot.
Cold Cream Cleanser by Pond's removes deep-down dirt and make-up, even stubborn waterproof mascara, while infusing skin with vital moisture.
Helps prevent and temporarily protects chafed, chapped, cracked or windburned lips. Helps prevent sunburn. Blistex Lip Balm helps prevent dryness and chapping. Its easy glide formula also soothes irritated lips. Dry, Chapped Lips: Blistex Lip Balm has three long-lasting protectants, and it seals in lip moisture to prevent drying of lip tissue. Blistex Lip Balm glides on comfortably to provide complete coverage and avoid further irritation of chapped lips. Sun Protection: Blistex Lip Balm provides SPF 15 protection, which is recommended even for people who burn easily and tan minimally. Remember, LIPS DON'T TAN, BUT THEY DO BURN.
The original. The best. And still your favorite. Our must-have balms have been playing in purses and pockets since 1991. Beeswax conditions skin, while antioxidant Vitamin E moisturizes. A final hint of Peppermint Oil provides that one-of-a-kind refreshing tingle. The result? Smooth, supple lips everyone will be buzzing about.
It soothes. It heals. It protects.
Discover how this new ultra smooth, extra moisturizing formula makes your lips feel incredible. This fun, fresh new flavor is unlike anything you've ever tried before. Tested on family members – not on animals.
Softens and protects lips every day.
Let your lips look and feel soft and smooth to make every kiss memorable. Nivea Lip Care gives you beautiful lips that are ready to kiss and be kissed. Nivea Lip Care products are formulated to provide hours of moisturization. This rich formula provides long lasting moisturization to protect lips from dryness.
Effortlessly smooth and soft lips are a must for the Parisian woman on the go. Make this ultra-nourishing and repairing lip balm one of your own purse essentials – it shows no mercy to dry and damaged lips thanks to its delicious honey and precious oils. Apply ultra-nourishing lip balm to your lips and lip contour 2 to 3 times a day. For even more kissable lips, apply a thick layer overnight to allow it to work its intense repair magic. Its matte texture also makes it a perfect base for lipstick, offering natural sophistication in an instant. And as Parisian women love a product that offers multi-purpose benefits, they also know this balm is great for nourishing dry cuticles too.
This must-have lip balm calms and heals irritation, and soothes the sting of minor burns. Easy-to-use and versatile, dab it on chapped lips, elbows, or knees to condition and relieve dryness. It is also an excellent remedy for the treatment of diaper rash.
Recreate the look of a gel manicure. Smoothed over with a brilliant lacquered effect, Dior Gel Coat makes nails appear stronger and thicker. While it extends the life of your manicure, it is simple to take off: just use nail polish remover when you’re ready for your next polish change!
Dries in Seconds!
Prevents smudges while drying to a smooth, high-gloss, protective shine. Shine, seal, and protect with one coat of OPI Top Coat, pulling it over the tips of the nails to seal in color.
NYC Cosmetics In A New York Color Minute Quick Dry Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $1.99 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Awarded Best Topcoat honors by Allure Magazine, this fast-drying formula delivers satisfaction. Use this high shine formula to protect your nail color, or alone for classic manicure. Non-yellowing formula. Free AHA Cuticle Revitalizer included.
Zoya Armor is world strongest and most flexible top coat for protecting natural nails and extending the wear and shine of nail polish.
Stickey Base Coat is a soft, sticky 3-free base coat for healthy nails.
Improves nail Colour wearability.
Helps prevent surface staining of natural nails and enhancements.
The combination of an advanced adhesive primer and essential bonding agents forms a sticky layer that fuses with your lacquer and prolongs polish performance.

Nail Tek Foundation II - Ridge Filler fills unsightly ridges and nail damage while protecting the natural nail. This unique base coat is a special blend of strengtheners, conditioners, micro-fibers, and natural fillers. Nail Tek Foundation II - Ridge Filler smooths uneven nail surfaces while protecting the natural nails.
Prevents staining of natural nails and promotes a long-lasting manicure.
Nail Envy Nail Strengthener Original Formula by OPI provides maximum strengthening with hydrolyzed wheat protein and calcium for harder, stronger, natural nails! Ideal for weak, damaged nails.
Start the perfect manicure with Colorstay Nail enamel base coat.
This super-smooth nail treatment is all you need in the war against chipped and broken nails. Once applied, this shield protects your nails with a hard, smooth surface, allowing them to grow long and healthy.
Seche Base contains micro-fine crystals and natural clays to fill in ridges leaving nails with a glass-smooth appearance. These natural ingredients are suspended in powerful bonding agents grip your nail color and are just viscous enough to make Seche Base easy to apply.
The sensitive skin on your lips has trouble retaining moisture. Our Intensive Lip Repair Balm gives this area serious, long-lasting moisture that immediately soothes lips and helps strengthen your lip’s delicate moisture barrier.

MAC In the Meadow that is limited edition and retails for $21.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
The pencil sharpens automatically into an ultra-fine tip for precise definition. Vitamin E and aloe soothe and nourish. Built-in brow brush keeps your brows perfectly groomed. Hypoallergenic. Ophthalmologist tested.
Ideal for all skin types, Anastasia’s luxurious cream-to-powder pencil creates a soft matte highlight under the eyebrows with ease. This multi-tasker can be used as a shadow or as a shadow base. It can also be applied over the lips as a base to extend the wear of lip color and prevent bleeding or feathering.
Transparent finishing powder that improves the wear and sets your foundation without your skin looking dull or over powdered and without changing your natural contours. It softens the appearance of imperfections and blurs fine lines. The oil- absorbing formulation keeps pores and uneven surface texture concealed while maintaining skin's natural moisture. High definition product for a picture perfect finish!
Avon Ultra Color Rich Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $8.95. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
There is a shade to suit every occasion from soft, shimmering pastels to bold, vibrant colours. All Lip Paint's have a soft, smooth texture that is packed full of natural moisturisers to help them glide on and stay comfortable to wear for hours.
A spectacular collection of breath taking loose, highly pearlised powder available in a profusion of colours to enhance your eyes, cheeks or lips.
Covering the whole colour spectrum, these award-winning Nail Paints are in a quick-drying, long-lasting base suitable for natural and acrylic nails. 
These intense, glossy crayons glide on to lips to give a high shine lacquered finish. The smooth and silky application provides maximum comfort while the bright and bold colours give a glamorous finish.
Lavishly splash or lightly spritz your favorite fragrance, either way you'll fall in love at first mist! Our carefully crafted bottle and sophisticated pump delivers great coverage while conditioning aloe mist nourishes skin for the lightest, most refreshing way to fragrance!
BB Couture For Nails Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $5.47. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
beautyblender beautyblender is a Tools. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create your perfect cheeks with this effortlessly buildable formula. Infused with antioxidant vitamins for all skin types, even the most sensitive, it’s enriched with micro-fine minerals and antioxidant vitamins to achieve a natural-looking, flushed appearance. Wear it alone or layer it over BECCA’s Beach Tint for added luminosity. 
These exquisitely embellished powders add playful colour to the eyes when worn alone, and create rich, exotic tones when layered over neutral eye shadows.
Black Radiance Radiant Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $9.88. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This beautiful collection of lip colors is designed to complement a vast array of skin tones. Plus, its deep moisturizing color lasts for hours.
Shimmer like you've never seenor feltbefore. Metallic Lip Color features a unique combination of high-shine emollients and light-reflective pearls. This creamy lipstick feels soft and comfortable on lips, and offers medium coverage.
Bonne Bell Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lip LITES® combines a luscious sponge-on liquid lipstick with lasting flavor and shine that is perfect for any occasion. Light color and glossy glow are the perfect combination!
No7 Stay Perfect Eyeshadow delivers high impact colour that lasts for hours.
Boots No7 Illuminating Lotion is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Boots No7 Instant Radiance Concealer is a Concealer.
Bourjois 1 seconde Nail enamel easy and speedy to apply, Its one-coat gel formula, enriched with silicon gives nails the perfect curve and an ultra glossy result. Its fan-effect brush adapts to the size of each nail for an ultra quick, neat and groomed result in just 1 second, with a single stroke! Apply like a classic nail enamel.
Powder Blush. Softer and more velvety thanks to a new pearl effect and a skilful blend of pigments
Intense waterproof metallic eyepencil in a neon blue to make your eyes pop! Soft texture, easy to apply.
Our everyday Lip Balm provides soothing relief for dry, parched lips. We add nourishing shea butter, sweet almond oil and wheat germ to condition and soothe lips in need of immediate care. Wear under or over lip color. Great everyday balm in convenient tube with slanted tip applicator.
A color-saturated, velvety lipstick Offers beautiful colors from matte to high shine finish Moisturizing & long wearing Non-feathering & enriched with vitamins Leaves your lips feeling soft, supple & protected.
Cargo Eye Shadow singles are packaged in our signature tin. This soft and velvety formula has a smooth feel and delivers a long-lasting, even application. Rich pigments adhere to skin to give long wearing, saturated color. Colors adhere to the skin and blend effortlessly and are buildable for added intensity. May also be used wet or dry as an eye liner.
Imagine the perfect marriage of blush and bronzer! Four harmonious shades work together to provide perfectly flushed cheeks with a sun-drenched glow. Golden goddess effects in a flash! Our BeachBlush™ has earned its status as one of Cargo's most iconic products and even appeared as a question on Jeopardy! Packaged in our signature tin with generous surface area for easy swirling.
A favorite with make-up artists our blendable and easy to wear blush offers a stunning array of shades from ranging from delicate neutrals to vibrant corals and pinks. Cargo blush is created with a moist and sheer powder formulation that glides easily over the skin for a beautiful, natural flush. The silky smooth texture layers well for added intensity as desired. The pro formulation also offers longwearing and stay true color. Generously packaged in our oversized signature tin allowing for easy access with professional brushes.
Thanks to the new Gloss Booster technology, the next generation of Ultimate Nail Lacquers is extremely convincing with a high-shine finish, perfect coverage and ultra-long durability. With the innovative reservoir brush, you can colour your nails with just one stroke. Free of formaldehyde, toluene or phthalates.
The color, durability, opacity, effects - the monos are in every respect absolutely fabulous. Inspiration from the catwalks implemented in new styles for the eyes - satin, shimmering, pearl or satin. Intensive due to the high pigment density, easily through the delicate texture. 
Catrice Caramé Intense Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Les Tissages Lames de Chanel is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Les Petales de Rose is a Highlighter that retails for $74.00 and contains 0.42 oz.
Clarins Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $20.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Extra Silky Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $52.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Extra Rich Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $60.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Full Potential Lips Plump and Shine is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A 1-inch metal pan that contains a highly pigmented eye shadow for multiple applications. Each Coastal Scents Hot Pot™ fits snugly into one of the Go Pod, 4 Piece, 12 Piece, and 28 Piece Interchangeable Palettes. These custom palettes contain magnets in a soft foam padding which attract the metal pan of the Hot Pot™. This allows you to completely customize your palette to create any look by simply adding interchangeable Hot Pots™ from the vast collection of shades, hues, and finishes. 
CoverGirl Eye Enhancers is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Simple, single shades with a silky sheer formula. Mix and match them the way you want to create your own combos with matte, pearly, or sparkly shades! They blend easily to let the natural beauty of your eyes come through.
Introducing LiquilineBlast eye liner from CoverGirl -- it effortlessly adds intensity to a colorful smoky eye look with expert results.
Bright, gorgeous color that can transform your day and your lips. Enriched with a silk moisturizing complex, our formula helps sustain moisture levels and helps create soft, smooth, beautiful lips in just 7 days.
Our easy, breezy classic with a moisturewear complex provides rich color hour after hour.
Blush's basic rules – it has to be easy, and it has to look natural. That's Cheekers. Each portable mini-compact gives you a sheer blush that goes on to stay true and natural-looking for hours. It's the way to glow!
CoverGirl ShineBlast Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Gloss Show Spectacular Sparkling Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Poudrier Dentelle is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Addict Ultra-Shine is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A high-shine lip gloss that imparts a dewy glass look in a variety of iridescent finishes and reflective shimmers. 
Shine Lipstick imparts a look of ethereal sensuality, with a nod to ultra-feminine glamour. The semi-sheer colour high shine lipsticks adds lustre and volume to the lips.
The sheer glossy colour conditions lips with a minty fresh taste. Can be worn alone or layered with other lip products. Give your lips a beautiful sheen and freshen your breath for instant gratification.
The Essence Eye Pencils continue to provide plenty of color and glamour. In a trendy color range to give your eyes a gorgeous look and a great long-lasting eyeliner.
Electrified eyes… The popular mono eyeshadows ensure color highlights on your eyelids and are sure to give all girls that extra-special added touch.
Essence Colour & Go Quick Drying Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Thanks to the convenient pipette, applying this product drop by drop is easy. Your nails and cuticles will also get pampered with Vitamin E and almond oil at the same time!
What's the secret? This innovative formula was specially designed to offer intense, long-lasting color and exceptional shine with an incredibly short drying time. Perfect results in an instance! And don't forget - the Essence Colour & Go Polishes are free of harmful ingredients such as formaldehyde, toluene and emollient phthalate.
Essence No Limits Waterproof Volume Mascara is a Mascara.
Estee Lauder Blush is a Blush that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The perfect nail lacquer is developed on the basis of the most recent cosmetic and environmental know-how within its type of products. GOSH Nail Lacquer has a consistency that is easy to apply. Well covering, strong, and with a beautiful shiny and lasting finish. Formaldehyde and Toulene- free. 
GOSH VELVET TOUCH LIPSTICK gives an intense and lasting color to the lips due to a high concentration of color pigments. The creamy lipstick contains a new type of light reflecting pigments that give the lips a bright and shiny look. 
Estee Lauder Skin Tone Perfector is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.13 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eyeko Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Glamour Doll Eyes Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $6.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
GOSH EFFECT POWDER can be used as an eye shadow. This shiny powder can give either a strong color effect or be faded out for a shivering effect as a highlighter. Can also be mixed with other colors of eye shadows for a dramatic effect. 
GOSH VELVET TOUCH EYELINER belongs to a new generation of semi-permanent make-up. It does not smudge. It is 100% waterproof, long lasting, and resists almost anything. It has excellent coverage and a smooth, soft quality. GOSH Velvet Touch Eye Liner is soft and easy to apply. It contains vitamin-E and Jojoba Oil to care for your delicate skin, however it does not contain animal or mineral oils. It is also fragrance-free to prevent allergic reactions. 
Hard Candy Just Nails Nail Color is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $4.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hard Candy Fox in a Box is a Blush that retails for $6.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hard Candy Blush Crush is a Blush that retails for $7.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hard Candy Meteor Eyes Baked Shadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $6.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jane Eye Zing is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
You don’t have to be in love to look like you are! A swipe of Powder Blush gives you the flush of true love—and keeps everyone guessing! Choose a dark shade to sculpt the cheekbones and a bright shade for a sweet, refreshed look!
Punch up your manicure with Nail Polish in neon, shimmer, glitter and creamy colors! Sea green Dragoness and bright Blue Phantom will add some excitement to your style! Sweep on the love with glittery heart-filled Red of Hearts! All polishes come formulated with pearl for major shine!
Jordana Color Effects Powder Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $1.99 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres Liquid Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This lightweight, soothing lip butter imparts vibrant and shiny color.
Velvety blush with Zea Mays powder particles, for a luminous effect and a smooth and even finish.
A collection of chrome shine shades which glide seamlessly over the eyelid for smooth, comfortable wear.
Moisturize and shine your lips with this tasty lip gloss by L'Oreal.
L'Oreal Blush Delice is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Endless Lipcolour is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal HiP Jelly Balm is a Lip Balm. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Resist & Shine Titanium is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Telescopic Explosion Mascara is a Mascara. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal HiP Shocking Shadow Pigment is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal PRO Manicure Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal HiP Studio Secrets Professional Shocking Shadow Pigment is a Eyeshadow. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Magnify your nails with divine lasting colour. This keratin enriched formula is the perfect shock-resistance solution, offering a high definition application with intense shine. 
Laneige Snow Crystal Intense Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Lip Velvet is a Lipstick that retails for $22.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bold. Opaque. Recklessly loaded with pigment. For lips that speak louder than words.
An aqua-spritz of vitamin and minerals, infused with a calm-the-skin blend of green tea, chamomile, cucumber, topped off with the fresh, natural, energizing scent of Sugi. Adds radiance, finishes makeup. Spray it on. Skin drinks it up!
A powder so light and pressed, it's creamy to the touch, this formula glides onto the cheeks for a gorgeous, glowing look that's long-wearing, too.
This long-lasting, fade-resistant, mineral-based formula delivers weightless, high-impact color in one swipe with a natural, luminous finish that looks gorgeous on any skin tone.
The mineral-based formula of Mary Kay® Cheek Color is famous for its oil-absorbing properties, ease of application and excellent coverage.
Velocity® Facial Cleanser deep cleans the face without removing the necessary oil and moisture on the skin’s surface. It also exfoliates and freshens skin. Leaves skin feeling soft and refreshed.
A truly feminine and sexy lip gloss. Imparts luxurious shine on lips. Updated tip design and high flexibility of the polymer. Helps lip gloss evenly sweep every corner of lips.
MAX FACTOR Earth Spirits Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Max Factor False Lash Effect Mascara - Some other volumising mascaras only create volume at the base, the new False Lash Effect Mascara wraps each lash right to the tip for a false lash effect.
Max Factor Flawless Perfection Blusher - designed to blend smoothly and flawlessly for a natural finish to complete your look. This can be applied to bare cheeks or over foundation.
Sheer wash of color from water based pigments. Fresh, barely there feel from vitamin enriched berry nectar. Lipstain so bare, so light as air, it's sensational.
Maybelline Moisture Extreme is a Lipstick that retails for $7.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Express Finish is a Nail Lacquer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline ExpertWear Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Enhance your natural radiance with these iridescent skin illuminators
A soft petal pink liquid tint to instantly brighten lips and add a playful rosy glow to cheeks
Milani Color Perfect Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $4.99. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Milani Minerals Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Milani Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Misa Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $7.50 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics Blushable Crème Stick is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics Lip Slider Tinted Lip Balm is a Lip Balm. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Neutrogena MoistureShine Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Looking for uptown style? NYC New York Color Ultra Moist LipWear adds instant Upper East Side polish to your look at a rock-bottom price. A wardrobe of on-trend shades makes stealing runway looks simple. Built-in conditioner creates a creamy, dreamy texture on your lips for an ultra moisturized feel. From catwalk to sidewalk in seconds, now you’re ready to take on Manhattan!
NYC Cosmetics Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics Smooth & Natural Matte Powder Bronzer is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics Lip Sliders Tinted Lip Balm is a Lip Balm. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Not only is Nicole by OPI a long wearing, fast drying nail polish, but the glass bottle is recyclable. DBP-Free. Toluene-Free. Formaldehyde-free. And best of all - it's from OPI!
Have you heard the gossip? There’s a new gloss in town! NYC New York Color Liquid Lip Shine is getting headlines with seriously high-drama color at a seriously low price. Pure pigments give a 3-D effect that’s off-the-charts glossy. Tons of hot new shades, from preppy nudes to bold statement hues – all for less than your weekly fashion magazine.
Re-apply? Who has the time?! NYC New York Color Ultra Last LipWear is wearable, ultra lasting and stays on up to 6 hours. Perfect for your morning meetings and all-night parties. The rich, silky formula is so creamy and comfortable. It's super-affordable too. Great for girls on the go.
NYX Tinted Lip Spa is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Diamond Sparkle Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Lip Lacquer Pot is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Round Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Adds the perfect touch of subtle to all looks. Soft shades by OPI whisper romance, sophistication, and style. This range of delicately feminine pinks, creams, violets, roses, nudes, and whites is the ideal choice for beautiful brides and prom princesses.
Drip Dry Lacquer Drying Drops dry nail lacquer to the touch in one minute, completely in five, with just 1 to 2 drops. Soothes cuticles with a dose of Jojoba and antioxidant vitamin E. Recommendation: When you need to get out the door in a hurry!
An extraordinary fusion of couture and technology by OPI. Its breakthrough, state-of-the-art formula combines precious, dazzling diamond dust with deeply rich pigments. Includes DS top coat for exceptional shine, performance, and wear.
Palladio Lip Liner Pencil is a Lip Liner. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Luminous bronzing Sun Stones provide an instant and lasting tan-boost that blends and builds easily to your desired level of bronze.
A silky smooth highly pigmented shadow that blends with ease. Wet or dry application. Achieve full color payoff in a single stroke Long-wearing color that is crease-proof. Easily blends with a professional finish.
Prestige Dramatic Minerals Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $4.95. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Prestige Total Intensity Eyeliner is a Eyeliner that retails for $5.95. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pure Luxe Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $9.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon ColorStay Mineral Finishing Powder is a Powder. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon ColorStay Soft & Smooth Lipcolor is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Matte Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Luxurious Color Satin Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon A Floral Affair Sheer Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Luxurious Color Satin Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon ColorStay Mineral Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Matte Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon Street Wear is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Be Iconic - Make the Ordinary Extraordinary Sumptuously Rich Matte Colour with a sublime comfort. Ruby Powder enriched formula. Intense velvet colour all day!
Locks colour to lips for up to 8 hours wear. 50% more colour. Soft, smooth, comfortable formula.
Rimmel's Moisture Renew Lipstick gives a brilliant burst of rich, pure color infused with a monsoon of creamy moisture. Ready to pamper your lips with luxuriously moisturized rich colour for a soft, cared-for and hydrated feel day after day? Reduces lip dryness without compromising color. Contains vitamin A, C, and E. Ultra lightweight and provides great color at the same time. Dermatologically tested
One-coat, quick & easy To apply. Dries in under 60 seconds. Flammable. Do not use near heat or open FLAME.
Strong sexy eyes continue to smoulder from the catwalks. Rimmel’s innovative formula gives you colour that hits you between the eyes.
This classic kohl eye liner leaves a thick and easily blended line of color. Soft Kohl will not tug or skip on the delicate skin around your eyes. Kohl pencil can be easily sharpened with a standard size makeup pencil sharpener.
Rimmel London Lasting Finish Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Rich Moisture Cream Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Lasting Finish Soft Colour Mono Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Glam'Eyes Mono Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Brun Dusk (280) .
Long Lasting precise contour colour Full Volume Colour and definition. Soft texture Fine tipped automatic liner
Rock and Republic Contrived Pressed Blush is a Blush that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rock and Republic Saturate Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Nail color covers in just one coat, brilliantly. The Perfectionist Brush contours to any nail, so color always glides on precisely, quickly, flawlessly. And, the exclusive Flexiglass Complex combines beautiful, brilliant shine and super-strong wear. So simple, so Sally.
So skip the salon, but get the results. With patented Vita-Care Technology for advanced wear, more shine and nourishing care. Dare to compare to your favorite salon brand.
Match your manicure to your mood! Fun, trendy shades — collect them all and change your nail polish as often as you like!
Sally Hansen Natural Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sally Hansen Lip Inflation Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sally Hansen Nail Prisms Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create nails rich with vibrant color and deep, dramatic shine using Sally Hansen Lacquer Shine Nail Color.
Sally Girl Mini Baked Eye Shadow lets you shine like a star with a collection of baked eye shadow colors.
These Sally Girl eye shadows come in connecting compacts, so you can create your own personalized color palette!
Brush on a new high intensity color. From the creators of Seche Vite comes a new one coat / fast dry formulated nail lacquer.
Sephora Flashy Liner Waterproof is a Eyeliner. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Super Shimmer Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A hydrating lipstick that creates full lips with intense color. A revamp of the iconic Sephora Lip Attitude Chic, this new hydrating formula provides improved coverage and is rife with pigment. The creamy texture softly glazes your lips, imparting just the right amount of color and sheen. 
Sephora Blush Me! is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora by OPI Nail Colour, a line of 54+ trend-setting shades, puts the final touch on fingertips and toes with a top-quality formula you have come to expect from OPI. The long-lasting, chip-resistant polish ensures flawless results with each application, and its green ingredient list excludes DBP, toluene, and formaldehyde.
Intense, pure moisture. Full, sumptuous lips. Super Hydro-Wrap Vitalizing DE provides a non-drying, moisturizing formula.
Rich, vibrant color that envelops your lips with just one lustrous coat. The creamy texture with nurturing ingredients improves the lips' condition with regular use.
Sophisticated blackish satin purple shade enhances eye definition and adds a dash of sultriness to the holidays.
shu uemura Rouge Unlimited Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
shu uemura Pressed Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Define, color and highlight. These eye pencils may be used for precise eye lining or blended for all-over color. Ultra-smooth application provides intense long-lasting smudge proof and waterproof results. Available in matte or metallic finishes.
Crinoline is primarily a peachish red with flecks of gold. Our glows are very highly concentrated- almost all pigment and suitable for use anywhere. I particularly love this one as a lippie- but it's lovely as a blush too.
Carefully crafted, and exquisitely beautiful loose mineral eye shadows. All of our shadows are gluten free, and contain approximately 3/4 teaspoon packaged in a 5 gram jar.
Glorious, gorgeous colors on your fingers. It will complete your outfit and expresses your mood.
The Colors you Crave, Covet and Collect.
Ink Pot Eyeliner is a gel based liquid eyeliner that is long lasting and waterproof that is super long wearing and waterproof making it the ultimate product to define your eyes with classic feminine flicks.The Ink Pot Eyeliner in Black won't cake, flake, smudge or budge, making it crease proof for a guaranteed wide eyed look that lasts all day.
Smashbox Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.59 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get a gorgeous rush of color with this ultra-luxurious, silky powder blush. In 8 wearable, foolproof shades that wake up any skin tone and packaged in an innovative swivel mirror component for touch ups on-the-go.

Create a perfect canvas for foundation application with this silky, lightweight blend of vitamins A & E, grape seed extract and green tea. Worn alone or under foundation, our best-selling, oil-free primer helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines and pores for flawless skin with a velvety-smooth finish.
Smashbox Photo Finish Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Drench your lips in luminous color and shine with this ultra-moisturizing formula that keeps lips soft and smooth for hours. Available in a variety of long-wearing shades and three advanced color formulas for a range of dazzling looks that enhance your lips like never before.
The perfect sponge to access hard-to-reach areas. Simply apply, blend, smudge and pat your way to perfection. Use this blending sponge by Sonia Kashuk to get complete coverage from your foundation or concealer. Its precision tip helps you apply makeup evenly for a smooth, radiant look.
Sonia Kashuk Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Look your best with a natural, luminous flush and a radiant appearance. This sheer pressed powder blush provides supreme wear and advanced comfort. Leaves a perfectly even and ultra-smooth finish. Infused with brown seaweed extract, known for preserving the skins elasticity and providing firmness.
This Sonia Kashuk Créme Blush formula easily blends into cheeks for a beautiful finish that lasts all day. Whether you're looking for a natural glow or a dramatic flush, this cream leaves skin looking radiant and fresh; never greasy.
Inspire your inner artist and create a palette of color with Stila's award-winning eye shadows. The assortment offers something for every Stila girl—from classic neutrals to the trendsetting shades in mattes and shimmers. The high-quality formula and texture can be worn wet or dry.
A full-coverage, highly pigmented lip gloss that delivers intense color and an ultra-shiny, patent leather-like finish. Get an artistry gloss for maximum shine payoff! 
Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Octyldodecanol, Quaternium-18 Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/ Candelilla Cera, Beeswax (Cera Alba), Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/ Cera Carnauba, PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE , Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Silica, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Lanolin Oil, Ethylhexylglycerin, Camellia Sinensis (Camellia) Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Flavor (Aroma), Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Hexylene Glycol, Tin Oxide, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Cinnamate, Benzyl Salicylate, 3-Methyl-4-(2, 6, 6- trimethyl-2-cyclohexen-1yl)-3-buten-2-one, Hexyl Cinnamaldehyde, Hydroxycitronellal, Limonene, Geraniol, Citral, Linalool, Eugenol, May Contain (+/-) Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Red 7 lake (CI 15850), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 22 Lake (CI 45380), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 6 (CI 15850), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090). Contains carmine as a color additive.
Our classic lipstick gives intense, moisturising colour that lasts.
This superfine powder blusher is easy to blend and has staying power.
This dual-purpose liquid stain gives lips and cheeks a hint of natural-looking colour. Can be used under gloss for added intensity.
Forget wishy washy shades of shadow that leave only a hint of measly color, no matter how much you try to brush on. The pigment packed formula of Cyberoptics eye shadows gives color with a kick. This creamy powder can be used dry to create sweeping.
Our lovely little leopard bronzer combines gorgeous shades of golden bronzes, gilded pinks and neutral fawns to brighten skin and create a glorious all-over glow that will have you looking sun-kissed any time of the year. 
Twelve richly-pigmented shades are enriched with our exclusive Lip Injection Comfort Plump.
A quick skin pick-me up and excellent for setting make-up. Spritz it on for instant refreshment, moisture, and protection. With a delicate rosewater scent.
A lip plumper that enhances the fullness of lips and also adds a hint of tint!
Maxi-lip is a collagen booster that works cumulatively over time to rejuvenate collagen and create lasting fullness. If worn consecutively for thirty days, you will see magnificent results!
Indulge your lips with Rouge Unique by Thierry Mugler. Its ultra sensorial texture provides an immediate feeling of softness and comfort, as it glides effortlessly across your lips.
Accentuate your eyes with a superfine talc eyeshadow that is long-lasting, creaseproof, and fadeproof.
Enhance the shape and color of your eyes with this shimmering mineral eyeshadow by ULTA.
Smooth, deep colors glide on effortlessly from the automatic tip of this eyeliner. Color is long-lasting and waterproof, for dramatic, attention-getting eyes. No sharpening is required.
Formulated for long wear, Professional Nail Lacquer by Ulta features a nail-protecting blend of ingredients. Give your nails a just-from-the-salon look. All shades are DBP, Toulene and Formaldehyde free.
Urban Decay Pocket Rocket Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Loose Pigment is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Victoria's Secret Shine Drama Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Craze Nail Color is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A remarkably good quality product for such a low price. Wild & Crazy's 'Glide On' Eye Colour gives you perfect application, impeccable wear and high-impact colour, with outstanding blendability, comfort and long wear.
YSL Rouge Pur Shine Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Rouge Pur Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Yves Saint Laurent GOLDEN GLOSS Shimmering Lip Gloss is the ultimate in beauty luxury. This gloss forms a mirror-effect on the lips with sparkling gold mother-of-pearl.
ULTA's Brilliant Color Eye Shadow offers the comfort of a cream and the ease of application only a powder can deliver. This silky soft velvety texture offers great staying power with crease resistant wear.
Harmonizing sensuous shades of shimmering nudes and hot, vivid colors, the limited edition Tom Ford Sheer Collection delivers an irresistible effect that complements sun-kissed, Summer skin. A decadent mix of shea butter and vitamins C and E helps lavish the lips with saturated moisture. The distinct, beveled Lip Color Sheer bullet is packaged in a retro-chic, ivory- and gold-colored Tom Ford Case.
Urban Decay Eyeshadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Designed by reality television star Kat Von D especially for Sephora, Painted Love Lipstick takes Kat's signature lip color, a sophisticated red, and expands it into a range of smoldering shades, from crimson to blood red. It comes housed in a deluxe tube with a clear Lucite bottom that shows off the color inside, and the cap is stenciled with silver roses on matte black—inspired by Kat's favorite tattoo.
Unlike any other lipstick out there, Foiled Love Lipstick makes your lips look like they're gift-wrapped in colored metallic foil. Kat's innovative, high-pigment formulation gives you a burst of color with awesome shimmer effects.
This intriguing liquid lipstick glides on seamlessly for an eye-catching, transformative look. Wear it alone to achieve a glossy, pearlescent color, or apply over any lipstick shade to create multi-dimensional brilliance and stunning shine. The formula is infused with raw liquid crystal for a captivating pearlescent effect. 
Add a bolt of color to your lips and keep it there—the intense pigmentation of this lip formula stains lips with striking color for a smudge-proof statement that stays. This liquid lipstick goes on wet for smooth, precise application and dries to a metallic, foiled finish. Once applied, your pout is set with a sophisticated shade, from flashy brights to smoldering neutrals. 
Be brilliantly flushed from sunrise to far past sunset with this long-wearing blush. The smooth, velvety powder glides onto cheeks and effortlessly blends into the pores to enhance the natural radiance of your skin. The fade-proof formula promises up to 24-hours of color and the rich pigment offers buildable, custom coverage for every skintone. 
Sleek MakeUP’s legendary i-Divine palettes are 12 shades of super-pigmented, longlasting, mineral based eyeshadow, designed to suit all. Each i-Divine contains pearlescent shades, which contain mica particles that highlight and illuminate giving an overal radiant effect.Available in a variety of colour ways, your i-Divine is waiting for you.
The silky, weightless primer contains lauroyl lysine and silica to naturally nourish lips, retain long-term color, and prevent feathering. Resveratrol, jojoba oil, and argan oil condition and smooth, while the perfect amount of mint plumps for naturally sumptuous lips. 
Like instant nutrition for lips, BITE’s Lush Fruit Lip Gloss contains the same healthy ingredients you’d find in a pure fruit smoothie: real coconut, mango, and strawberry infused with seven nourishing fruit oils. Rich, vibrant, and juicy, this modern formula is highly pigmented. What you see in the container is exactly the color you’ll see on your lips.
Delicious enough to eat, this Plumping Lip Oil creates a soft cinnamon heat that delivers a natural flush minutes after application. Nourishing oils from cinnamon bark and pink pepper stimulate circulation for a natural plumping effect while peppermint oil provides a subtle warming sensation on lips. French olive oil, pure jojoba, castor seed oil, and argan oil hold five times their weight in moisture for long-lasting all-day hydration. 
Designed with the perfect bristle length and thickness to achieve fluid, even strokes of color, this brush features a longer handle to provide expert control and precision. 
Made from antioxidant Resveratrol, fruit acids rich in vitamin C and rice bran, the Fruit Scrub exfoliates and helps to brighten lips over time while fighting free radicals and conditioning around the lip line. 
With its unique blend of emollient oils and waxes, Honey Lip Lacquer is 99 percent natural and contains 5 mg of Resveratrol, offering antiaging benefits to smooth fine lines and wrinkles with every application. Manuka honey’s humectant (water-absorbing) properties provide extended eight-hour, moisture-rich wear and water-proofing benefits.
This product is formulated with acai, blueberry, cranberry, and pomegranate, which have some of the highest oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) values of any food. The result is a butter that protects, nourishes, and moisturizes skin and lips, keeping them sensually smooth and alluringly soft.
The angled tip of this pencil allows for both bold and ultrafine lines. It is formulated with olive butters and food-grade waxes for tug-free, feather-proof precision. 
This lip color delivers super antioxidant resveratrol, which fights free radicals with potent long-term antiaging benefits. Each Lip Rouge contains the amount of resveratrol found in five glasses of red wine.
This rich wash of color was created using a unique mix of pigments, powders, and oils for a hydrating, yet matte finish, and looks beautiful on all skintones. Maintaining a balance between a matte look and a moist feel, Bite’s Matte Créme formula is long-lasting yet moisture-rich for nourishing, bold coverage. 
Bite’s Luminous Crème Lipsticks deliver a lush, long-lasting, moisture-rich lip color. They're formulated with antioxidant resveratrol, which helps to target free radicals with potent, long-term antiaging benefits. They’re also infused with the amount of resveratrol found in five glasses of red wine. 
Through BITE’s proprietary small-batch process, this weightless formula fuses hand-milled edible butters with pure premium pigments to deliver BITE’s boldest coverage yet. Formulated with four times the average level of pigments, Cashmere Lip Cream imparts an intense, feather-light wash of color. 
This lustrous lip tint contains pure argan oil, vitamin E and fruit butters to hydate, nourish, and revitalize lips. While delivering long-lasting color, this product works to soothe and soften the lips, making your pout extra kissable. The center B provides resveratrol, a double dose of antioxidants found in red wine. 
This mini duo of twist-up bullets offer neutral or vivid lips on the go. Wear them individually or layer to create your own custom look. With every application, antioxidant Resveratrol fights free radicals with potent long-term age-repair benefits. Each lipstick contains the Resveratrol equivalent of two glasses of red wine, reducing fine lines and wrinkles on and around the lip area over time.
The 1st Lipstick collection created by Kate Moss High intensity colour for up to 8 hours. Formula infused with Black Diamonds, reflects light like never before. Captues all the flair, edge and timelessness of Kate’s unique look.
Lightweight long lasting intense colour and moisture.
Intensely smooth lasting balm that is comfortable to wear all day.
Colour rush for hours in 7 high voltage shades.
Dermatologically tested.
The intense rich colour of a lipstick, enhanced by a satin smooth shine. 
Take your lips to a new dimension with Rimmel London's Stay Glossy 3D Lip Gloss! Dazzling, long-lasting shine in 6 vibrant shades. Stunning color that changes in different lighting & angles. Prismatic, depth-defying 3D effect. Fuller looking lips for up to 6 hours!
Rimmel's long wear pencil lip liner Comfortable wear up to 8 hours Creamy texture which glides on precisely on lips. Rich vibrant colour blend
Style! Shape! Shine! Up to 6 hours of WOW worthy glossy colour, with SHINE EXTEND technology. Double the moisture instantly. Shape up your lips with super SOFT-EXTEND applicator.
Sleek MakeUP Macaroon is a warm pink with a cream finish that is permanent.
The ultimate cheeky palette offering you three times the impact. Includes three complementary shades, each designed with its own distinctive finish, from rich shimmers to intense cream and matte shades.
The lustrous, plasma sparkle of this unique lacquer comes in an array of shades—from cool hues like deep royal blue and olive green to warm shades of strawberry pink and tangerine. Comprised of crushed micro-crystalline and vibrant mica, the buildable formula intensifies with each coat and is long-lasting. 
theBalm Lip & Cheek Cream Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Lip & Cheek Cream is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres Lip Butter is a Lip Balm that retails for $12.99 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Eyeshadow Single is a Eyeshadow that retails for $6.50 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 44 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Ombres Tracees Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Ombres Tracees Quadra Eye Shadow is a Eye Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS brings vibrant pops of color and sensual sun-kissed hues to lips and cheeks with the new Matte Multiple. Founder and Creative Director François Nars takes one of the brand’s most innovative and iconic products and adds a modern twist on the cult classic. Available in seven shades from ginger pink to golden bronze, the Matte Multiple features a creamy, lightweight formula that delivers buildable, long-lasting, hydrating color for lips and cheeks. This innovative formula can be applied dry for a soft yet vibrant matte effect or wet for a rich and vivid finish that melts into skin.
Chikuhodo Z-5 Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $56.00.
Chikuhodo Z-10 Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $45.00.
Chikuhodo Z-4 Cheek/Highlight Brush is a Brush that retails for $92.00.
Chikuhodo Z-9 Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $226.00.
Chikuhodo Z-1 Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $226.00.
Enhanced with a 77-Mineral Moisture Complex, this sophisticated formula keeps lips soft and silky, providing a luminous, modern shine. Smoothes on with a plush applicator. 12 pearlescent shades in stylish new packaging.
Talc, Synthetic Wax, Aluminum Starch, Octenylsuccinate, Hydoxylated Lanolin, Isopropyl Lanoate, Petrolatum, Cyclomethicone,, Lanolin Alcohol, Cetyl Actate, Acetylated Lanolin Alcohol, Methylparabne, Proprylparaben. +/- May Contain: Synthetic Flourphlogopite, Mica, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Yellow 5 (CI 19140), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 28 (CI 45410), Red 36 (CI 12085), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Carmine (CI 75470), Ultamarines (CI 77007), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).
Face Studio Master Glaze Glisten Blush Stick makes cheeks go dewy and gently glazed with sheer blush color. Liquid shimmer pearls + shea butter glide provide blendable blush color and smooth, even application.
As much as we love Naked, we’re serious color junkies at heart. When we launched The Vice Palette and
saw how CRAZY everyone went over Chaos (a brilliant matte blue), we realized our fans craved bright
shades as much as us. Inspired by Chaos, Urban Decay launches Electric Pressed Pigment Palette. The
ultimate fix for color addicts, this gorgeous palette is packed with ten of the brightest, most amazing
shades you’ve ever laid eyes on. In addition to Chaos (yes, it’s back!), this palette marks the return
of Revolt (a silver standout from our Anarchy Face Case). All the other shades are NEW! From ultrasmooth
mattes to highly dimensional shimmers, each VELVETY shade delivers insane color payout. Why
do a Pressed Pigment Palette? Using pressed pigments was the only way to create heavily saturated
brights with the intense pigment load we craved. Traditional eyeshadow formulas just wouldn’t cut it.
Urban Decay Thrash is a warm green with a satin finish that is permanent.
Urban Decay Slowburn is a warm orange with a matte finish that is permanent.
YSL Rose Libre (03) that is permanent and retails for $40.00 and contains 0.33 oz.
Zoya Magical Pixie Dust Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sleek MakeUP Pout Paint is a Lipstick that retails for $7.49. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Saturates lips with high-intensity color-in one stroke. Lip-sculpting statement shades for all skintones.
IT Cosmetics Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour intense lipstick with a long lasting satin finish. Ideal for a more hydrated comfort finish. Can be worn under a sheer lip-gloss for more 3D Effect.
Illamasqua Fire Rose is a warm pink with a glitter finish that is permanent and retails for $17.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Beautiful Bare Skin Effect. Skin-Glowing Finish. Look Flawless Without Looking Made Up! Enhances Skin's Natural Glow!
# 1 in Bronzers. Beautiful Bare Skin Effect. Skin-Glowing Finish. Look Flawless Without Looking Made Up! Enhances Skin's Natural Glow!
Beautiful Bare Skin Effect. Skin-Glowing Finish. Look Flawless Without Looking Made Up! Enhances Skin's Natural Glow!
Concealer, Highlighter and Touch-Up Tool. Perfecting Nude Pigments. Beautiful Bare Skin Effect. Skin-Glowing Finish. - See more at: http://www.physiciansformula.com/en-us/productdetail/face/blush/06264.html#sthash.OS5LsNg1.dpuf
This metallic microglitter lacquer goes on with full coverage and dries down to a unique shimmer-meets-matte textured finish in just one coat. 
Divergent Sephora x Divergent Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $59.50. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Divergent Long-Wear Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Divergent Radiant Glow Illuminator is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Divergent Shimmering Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Divergent High Gloss Transforming Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Divergent High Pigment Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Divergent High-Shine Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This satin finish moisturizing lipstick offers rich, matte color in a stunning Radiant Orchid shade. Infused with orchid essence for nourishment, and collagen for a subtle plumping effect, the creamy formula glides on and provides comfortable, all-day wear that rivals the lasting power of a lip stain. 
M·A·C's lightweight whipped formula saturates lashes root to tip, adds volume, extends length and creates curl, while conditioning for softness and flexibility. The final result: extreme dimension that won't smudge, clump or flake.
Make-up remover and cleansing solution without perfume. Solution of fatty acid esters, both emulgatory and filmogenous, enables dirt to be emulsified and surface hydrolipidic film to be reconstituted. Soothing and emolliant, thanks to cucumber extract. Non detergent, non foaming, neutral pH. Soap free.
Sisley Paris Phyto-Ombre Eclat Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $47.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Phyto-Blush Eclat, a duo of blushes, leaves skin radiant with a fresh-faced appearance. It sculpts the face in the stroke of a brush. Its ultra-fine powder texture allows for customized makeup application that is appropriate for all skin shades and makeup styles, Its high-tech, long-wearing formula is enriched with woodmallow, gardenia, and Linden blossom and soothes and protects the skin. The compact itself is of an original design and makes a feminine, elegant, and modern makeup accessory
The Hydrating Long Lasting Lipstick provides durable hydration and protection for your lips. This comfortable, long-lasting lipstick is available in a large range of colors with different effects: pearly, satiny, iridescent… Its glide-on texture covers and won't bleed. Its beveled tip allows for clean, precise application.
With Revlon PhotoReady Skinlights Face Illuminator its easy to get a healthy glow in any light. Brighten and illuminate skin for a radiant complexion. Wear alone to highlight and brighten. Wear with foundation to banish dullness and even out skin tone.
These gorgeous shadows glide on instinctively, hugging the curves of the eyelid, and then dry down to a powdery finish for up to 16 hours of long-wearing, waterproof color. The chic, saturated shades can be layered or mixed to create your own unique signature color or ombre combination. 
New from Shiseido, a lacquer gloss, available in 8 shades, is a rich, deep sheen and vivid clear color reminiscent of the beloved Japanese art form. Reproducing the deeply transporting look that comes from multiple layers of lacquer, the appealing clear color and profound moisture of new Lacquer Gloss bring the tradition beauty of transparent lacquer to the lips- in a distinctly modern way.
Sephora + Pantone Universe Cheek Sweep is a Cheek Palette that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora + Pantone Universe Bridal Rose is a warm plum with a metallic finish that is limited edition.
Sephora + Pantone Universe Radiant Orchid is a warm purple with a pearl finish that is limited edition.
Glitter is like the cilantro of the beauty world. You either dig it, mess factor and all (like we do), or you don’t. For those of you who are firmly planted in the glitter camp, there’s Heavy Metal Loose Glitter. Brush on our Bondage Weightless Makeup Adhesive, then pack Heavy Metal Loose Glitter on top of it—for a full-on jewel-encrusted effect that LASTS all day (with very little fallout). When you’re ready to take it all off, just rinse with water.
Use Bondage Weightless Makeup Adhesive with Heavy Metal Loose Glitter for a full-on jewel-encrusted effect that LASTS all day (with very little fallout). Just brush on this clear adhesive, quick and easy, then pack Heavy Metal Loose Glitter on top of it. When you’re ready to take it all off, just rinse with water.
NARS Olympia that is permanent and retails for $42.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
NARS Highlight is a warm beige with a matte finish that is permanent.
NARS Contour is a warm brown with a matte finish that is permanent.
Giorgio Armani introduces you to a renovation of powder blush with its Cheek Fabric, a vibrant, beautiful formula with a thin, soft texture that brightens your face and highlights cheekbones for the ultimate glow.
An all-in-one weapon for super-precise or smudged, smoky lines, our long-lasting, waterproof cream liner features triple black pigments—for the purest, deepest, most intense black color imaginable. Super-Saturated Ultra Intense Waterproof Cream Eyeliner lays down tons of intense, lasting color in one stroke. The soft, creamy formula is easy to use, dries down quickly and gives you a controlled, precise application every time. 
Draw intense, shiny, blacker-than-black lines with absolute precision. Ink for Eyes has an ultra-fine tip for a smooth, controlled application every time.
When you need your eyeliner to really perform, you’ve got to bring in the big guns—and All Nighter Eyeliner delivers. This twist-up liner lays down intense, ultra-shiny, blacker-than-black lines that REALLY last. Like our award-winning 24/7 Eye Pencils, this soft, CREAMY formula glides on smoothly. And true to its name, once All Nighter Eyeliner dries down, it’s not going anywhere! The waterproof formula won’t smudge or budge. Added bonus: All Nighter Eyeliner contains moisturizing vitamin E and it’s vegan.
We needed the ultimate brush to go with our Super-Saturated Eyeliner, so we meticulously designed this small, angled brush until it had the perfect angled shape and thickness. Even thinner than our Good Karma Liner Brush, this brush is extra precise and extremely versatile. Use it to draw razor-thin lines or bold, thick lines.
Dimethicone, Isododecane, Silica, Sucrose Tetrastearate Triacetate, Synthetic Wax, Hydrogenated Jojoba Oil, Polybutene, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Isoceteth-10. (+/-) May Contain: CI 77499 (Iron Oxides).
Vitality Cheek Flush Powder Blush Stain is the first ever cheek stain infused into a powder! Developed with plastic surgeons, this hydrating, brightening and anti-aging blush gives the perfect naturally pretty flush of color to the cheeks and lasts all day long, until you take it off. This truly innovative, yet natural formula contains IT Cosmetics Hydra-Luxe Technology including ingredients such as plum oil, cherry oil, hyaluronic acid, pomegranate, seaweed extract, grapeseed, aloe and jojoba that all work together to treat, hydrate, condition, and nourish your skin. Plus Vitality Cheek Flush Powder Blush Stain is packed with anti-aging anti-oxidants including vitamins A, C, E, acai, green tea and white tea to protect and ward off free-radicals all day long. This Made in the USA formula is also paraben-free.
The elegant golden shimmer compact is embossed with a delicate rope pattern and creates absolute radiance on the skin. The finely milled iridescent pigments create a soft golden glow on the skin as if kissed by the sun. The limited edition compact is delivered with a mini kabuki brush.
MAC Go for Girlie is a warm pink with a natural finish that is limited edition and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.08 oz.
Maybelline Polished Petal (105) is a pink that is limited edition.
NARS Triple X is a cool sheer with a glossy finish that is permanent and retails for $26.00 and contains 0.18 oz.
MAC 129SE Proenza Schouler Powder/Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $38.50.
Tom Ford Beauty Lip Shimmer is a Lipstick that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier brings you an innovative gel-based lipstick designed to cushion lips in comforting, sheer color with a shining finish and subtle vanilla flavor. The super-smooth formula glides on easily, conditioning your lips and leaving them perfectly hydrated.
This ultra-sheer, blendable color highlighter was inspired by Laura's work with celebrity clients, who wanted a product to wake up their skin and give them an immediate healthy glow. This sheer, creamy, luminous highlighter gives skin a natural radiance.
Too Faced Bronzing Wardrobe is a Cheek Palette that retails for $44.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Sun Bunny #2 is a warm brown with a frost finish that is permanent.
MAC Apricot Blend that is limited edition and retails for $21.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
MAC Apricot Blend #1 is a warm beige with a frost finish that is limited edition.
Tom Ford Beauty Unabashed that is limited edition and retails for $95.00 and contains 0.46 oz.
Organic Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Acacia Decurrens Wax, Jojoba Wax, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Polyglyceryin-3, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Organic Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Organic Cera Alba (Beeswax), Silica, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Wax, Coco-Caprylate, Copernicia Cerifera (Xarnauba) Wax, Natural Flavor, Tocopherol, Trans-Resveratrol, Vitis Vinefera (Grape) Vine Extract, Siraitia Grosvenorii (Monk Fruit Concentrate). May Contain: Mica (CI 77019, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 7492, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), FD&C Blue No. 1 (CI 42090), FD&C Yellow No. 5 (CI 19140), FD&C Yellow No. 7 (CI 15985), FD&C Red No. 40 (CI 16035), D&C Red 6 (CI 15850), D&C Red 7 (CI 15850), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).
Kat Von D Lifelike is a neutral beige with a matte finish that is permanent.
From subtle to sultry, experience a rebirth of color and explore endless eye looks with the Chrysalis Eyeshadow Palette. Featuring cool-toned shades in an ingenious arrangement that gives you the biggest basics and the most accent hues, now you'll have the freedom to create your heart out without running out of the go-to colors. Relish in the luxurious texture of triple-milled powder, which picks up instantly and lays down with a one-sweep, full-coverage application. The patented Power Last™, long-wearing formula gives you buildable, from dawn-to-dusk drama, while an infusion of antioxidants including rose extract and vitamins A, C, and E all work to keep your eyelids hydrated and protected. 
Too Faced Melted Fuchsia is a cool fuchsia with a satin finish that is permanent and retails for $21.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Does not contain peanuts. Extra Creamy INGREDIENTS : Talc, Mica, Zinc Stearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sodium Saccharin Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, PTFE, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Vanillin. May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI77742), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). Jammin’ INGREDIENTS : Mica, Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Saccharin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, PTFE, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Vanillin. May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). Jelly INGREDIENTS: Mica, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Saccharin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, PTFE, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Tin Oxide, Carmine (CI 75470). May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Ultramarines (CI 77007), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). Nuts About U, Spread the Love INGREDIENTS: Mica, Talc, Zinc Stearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sodium Saccharin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, PTFE, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Vanillin, Carmine (CI 75470). May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganges Violet (CI 77742), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). Peanut Brittle INGREDIENTS: Mica, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Saccharin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, PTFE, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Vanillin. May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). Peanut Butter INGREDIENTS: Talc, Mica, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Saccharin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, PTFE, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Vanillin. May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). Peanut Butter Cup INGREDIENTS: Mica, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Theobroma Cacao Fruit Powder, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, PTFE, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Saccharin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance/Parfum, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Tin Oxide, Vanillin. May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Hydrating, nourishing, and argan oil-infused, this tinted treatment starts as a cream and melts into an oil for a pop of natural-looking, never-greasy color. The formula is 97 percent natural and petroleum-free. Ideal for use on all skin types and all skin tones, this product is made for those looking for a pop of dewy, natural color on lips and cheeks. 
Diorskin Nude Shimmer Instant Illuminating Powder provides you with a subtle combination of shimmer and pigment, recreating the effect of nude skin bathed in freshness. With one stroke of the Kabuki brush, your skin blushes gently, catching the light and revealing a sculpted face.

This set of Contour Eye Pencils 12hr Wear* Waterproof liners features a host of shades to accentuate your eyes with intense and long-lasting color. The formulas are waterproof, heat-proof, and humidity-proof and can be used to create a huge variety of dazzling looks from glam, to smoky, to wide eyed. 
A burst of blush on her cheeks catches the light, proclaiming the radiance of her face. Signed and embossed, Diorblush Cannage Edition sculpts cheekbones with elegance. The sleek silver compact houses a harmony of pink or coral blush embossed with Dior's iconic cannage pattern. Available in a feel-good pink harmony and a sunny coral shade. Made in France.
Guerlain Terracotta Bronzing Powder & Blush is a Cheek Palette that retails for $76.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Terracotta Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Terracotta Bronzing Brush (2014) is a Brush that retails for $42.00.
A powder specially tinted to enhance natural bone structure and sculpt contours into the face. Immaculately shaded to create natural-looking shadow effects, the finish is sheer and matte.
MAC Alluring Aquatic Makeup Bag is a Tools that retails for $35.00.
MAC 127 Split Fibre Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $35.00.
MAC 233 Split Fibre Eye Brush is a Brush that retails for $25.00.
This lightweight formula packs four must-have qualities into one formula: a powder to add a pop of color, a stain to give staying power, an illuminating highlighter, and a cream to deliver a flawless finish. Water-resistant, each pot combines Becca’s bestselling Beach Tint with a Shimmering Skin Perfector™ for effortlessly buildable, complexion-enhancing color, soothing hydration, and a youthful glow. 
This stunning hybrid imparts high-impact shine with maximum color to offer a new kind of lip color. It’s lightweight in texture, boasts sensational color payout, and delivers long-lasting wear and a no-makeup feel with coverage that is between a gloss and a lipstick.
Lipstick Queen Jungle Queen is a warm orange with a satin finish that is permanent and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
Lipstick Queen Let Them Eat Cake Lipstick retails for $45.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Vernis Gel Shine and Long Wear Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Formula X Glitter Top Coat is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $12.50 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bold eyeshadows in vibrant colors, inspired by the forces of nature. Eyes To Kill Solo shades come in perfect mattes, elegant satins, and bold pops to suit any wardrobe and complete any makeup look.
These timeless moisture- and pigment-rich shades were each inspired by the ever-changing color of a rose, and are infused with the potent antiaging power of rose otto, a distilled essential oil. 
Guerlain Les Voilettes Translucent Loose Powder Mattifying Veil is a Powder that retails for $57.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A liquid-powder bronzer with prismatic reflections. Highlights the face in the golden bronze shimmer of Aphrodite’s Shell and soft tan of Delphic. The cool, creamy near-fluid formula creates a luminous, well-defined finish. Wears ten hours.
MAC Brow Duo is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Mineralize Skinfinish Duo is a Cheek Palette. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pedro Lourenco Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maestro Fusion Blush by Giorgio Armani is a revolutionary liquid blush that highlights your cheeks with a luminous, weightless formula.
Too Faced Rock Candy Eyeshadow Collection is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Nashville Nudes Eyeshadow Collection is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chikuhodo Z-2 Highlight Brush is a Brush that retails for $141.00.
Chikuhodo Z-8 Cheek Brush is a Brush that retails for $92.00.
Chikuhodo Z-3 Contour Brush is a Brush that retails for $54.00.
This eye shadow pencil glides on and stays put. The unbelievably blendable texture includes silica, so it applies effortlessly onto the eyelid and won’t transfer. This highly-pigmented, waterproof, smudge-free shadow delivers immediate, intense color payoff. A retractable twist-up mechanism allows for quick and mistake-free application, and a sharpener makes it convenient to take this product to go for touchups.
Essential for the look and feel of just-kissed, healthy, and hydrated lips, this color-rich balm repairs, primes, and protects with SPF 18. Natural lip repair lipids mimic the lips’ natural surface to revitalize, replenish, and restore texture for the ultimate softness. 
Flushed cheeks with an aura of vitality. Naturally glowing finish. Shades range from demure to provocative.
Lavanila The Healthy Deodorant is a Body that retails for $14.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ditch your sharpener-but stay sharp and shimmer on! A liner with reflective, 3D pearls that glides on and self-sharpens every time you twist the cap off. Inspired by Smashbox pros who sharpen before every use on set, this first-of-its-kind pencil has a sharpener built right into the cap for a perfect tip-so you'll always get a precise line.
Ditch your sharpener, but stay sharp. Inspired by Smashbox pros who sharpen before every use on set, this first-of-its-kind pencil that has the precision of liquid liner in a fool-proof pencil. The sharpener inside the cap ensures a perfect tip every time. 
Blends, buffs, and diffuses loose powder for a lustrous finish. Double domed with layers of full, soft hair to pick up and deposit powder evenly.
An artist essential for controlled application. The dense concentration of soft, natural hair holds and applies product for an even, all-over glow.
Professional domed shape deposits blush pigments perfectly. Diffuses as it blends for smooth, effortless application.
Expertly angled for sculpting and highlighting the cheekbones. An artist essential to define and blend with controlled application.
Melt Cosmetics Shady Lady is a cool fuchsia with a matte finish that is permanent and retails for $19.00 and contains 0.16 oz.
NARS Cosmetics introduces the new Dual-Intensity Eyeshadow. Double-down with the new dual-application formula – apply dry for a sheer, airbrush-like finish with a luminous sheen or apply with a dampened brush for high-impact and intense, opaque color. Twelve ready-to-wear and rebelliously romantic shades transform your look with a riveting range from delicate peach pink to fierce black orchid.
This subtle pressed powder with diamond dust is a must-have in your purse for instant touch-ups. It is perfect to hide skin’s little imperfections and leave the face looking refreshed and rejuvenated. Outstanding film-forming agents provide a smooth and long-lasting finish. Ideal for everyday use, this product may also be used for filming in high definition and will ensure the face looks flawless even on a big screen. Can be used on bare skin, over foundation and all over the eye area preventing color grabbing to skin, ensuring easy and perfect blending of the eye shadow.
Perfect product to contour and sculpt your face, enhancing only the best features and diverting attention from any imperfections. With high pigment colour concentration and translucent coverage the illusion of a more structured face can be achieved without the excess product.
Blending with an angled brush such as INGLOT’s 3P brush will ensure best application. Lighter colors in the collection should be used to highlight, add volume, and draw areas forward, the darker colors, on the contrary, are used to shade and push them back, ultimately creating a lifting and slimming effect on the face.
Made with only the finest ingredients, Makeup Geek blushes blend effortlessly into the skin for a natural radiance. The finely milled powder guarantees a creamy, smooth consistency that glides onto cheeks and blends with ease. The fade proof formula promises long lasting color as the rich pigmentation offers a buildable custom shade every time. The Makeup Geek blushes come in a variety of colors suitable for any skin tone.
Apply a beautiful flush and a pretty pout with this blendable two-in-one formula for lips and cheeks. The oil-free, streak-free stain is enriched with antioxidant vitamin E to repair and soothe skin and the water-resistant formula stays put with a subtle, fruity scent. 
Create head-turning looks with 10 ultra-rich shimmering and matte eyeshadows. Palette also comes with a mini Behind The Scenes Eye Primer.
MAC Texturize is a neutral sheer with a semi-matte finish that is permanent and retails for $12.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
Boho Stones Couture Palette. Inspired by the free-spirit of a bohemian lifestyle, green opale creations float throughout the palette that is trimmed with gold. A beautiful rich silver plays center stage, as sage greens and peach add richness to the eyes.
YSL Tuxedo #1 that is permanent.
Your lips deserve La Crème Lip Balm—a creamy surge of moisture in a rich, buttery balm. This ultra-nourishing formula is saturated with antioxidant-rich White Lotus Flower Extract, Black Currant Seed Oil and Hyaluronic Filling Spheres, leaving your lips plump and irresistibly kissable.
MAC Shirelle is a neutral red with a cream finish that is permanent and retails for $12.00 and contains 0.34 oz.
It's your naturally pretty warmth in a compact! This dynamic CC+ Ombre Bronzer lets you choose matte glow or subtle shimmer radiance all in one! This anti-aging formula is perfect for both face and body, with a clinically-proven all day waterproof formula that lasts!
Change your view and change colors with this bold, multidimensional shadow. Adorn your lids with the lustrous pigment and watch as the hue alters, depending on the angle of view and available lighting. Activated by water, one swipe gives you highlighting, contouring, and deepening possibilities for a sensual, dramatic look with a duochrome effect. 
A gel powder – what would that even look like? We’ll tell you: It looks like rich, vibrant color that glides on in a single stroke, delivering a stunning multi-dimensional effect. Worn as shadow or highlighter, this incredibly innovative, weightless formula blends easily with the fingertips to light up the eyes. Even more to entice: It can be used wet or dry, resists creasing, and comes in satin matte, shimmer and iridescent metallic finishes. All eyes will be on you with their 30 illuminating colors in 5 different shade ranges including Nudes & Browns, Smoky & Sky, Purples & Greens, Metallics and Brights & Lights. Just try it! It’s that different.
Give lips a burst of color—and hydration—when you swipe on this gel lip shade from Marc Jacobs. From nudes to brights, Kiss Pop offers the perfect color that lasts for hours. This high-performance lip gel features an oversized design, and is travel-friendly for convenient application. 
This formula glides on effortlessly for a sparkling pop of color in an instant. Choose from nine flattering shades including gleaming gemstones and glistening neutrals. The formula glides on smooth in one swipe for instant buildable coverage and can be easily layered with other shades for added drama and shimmer. The innovative Propel/repel pen provides effortless application without the need of a brush. 
Create full, flirtatious lashes in an instant. This formula incorporates a special blend of soft waxes and essential oils to coat lashes in dramatic volume, as well as vitamins B5 and C to enrich and condition lashes while holding them in place for ultralong wear. The innovative double brush features an advanced design formed by stitching together two different brushes: one for enhanced lash separation, and another for mega-volume and curl. The full-body formula and dual brush design work together to lengthen, curl, define, and volumize. The result is lashes are longer, louder, and blacquer than ever before. 
NARS Night Flight is a cool blue with a sparkle finish that is permanent and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.02 oz.
NARS Paros is a warm red with a cream finish that is permanent and retails for $20.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Urban Decay Pulp Fiction Palette is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This hybrid lipstick is formulated with Color Cushion Technology, which combines 10-hour budge-proof wear with vibrant color. Featuring a color spectrum for every skin tone, this lipstick lets you glide on velvety-soft comfort and eye-popping colors that range from classic everyday neutrals to bright shades.
Laura Mercier Cheek Melange is a Blush that retails for $42.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Eye Kit is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Brightening Blush is a lightly pearlized blush that delivers a soft wash of lit-from-within color to your cheeks. The limited-edition mirrored compact features three shades that blend together seamlessly, adding natural-looking color and brightening your complexion in one easy sweep.
How to use: Sweep a blush brush over the powder and lightly tap off any excess. Apply to the apples of your cheeks, blending outward and upward into the hairline and then downward for the most natural effect.
MAC All About Pink that is limited edition.
Eyeshadow redefined. The LES 4 OMBRES compact features a vibrant, pigment-rich formula in eyeshadow palettes inspired by threads of Chanel tweed. With a spectrum of shade combinations and finishes that range from matte to satin to shimmer.
This soft-texture formula allows for effortless application and seamless blending for an endless variety of looks.
MAC Cool Companions that is limited edition and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
LORAC Nude that is limited edition and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.45 oz.
MAC Look in a Box Palette 2014 is a Makeup Palette that retails for $49.50 and contains 0.43 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Show off natural-looking depth and dimension by accentuating the low points of the face. Use this blendable cream with Shimmering Skin Perfector™ or your highlighter of choice to create a perfectly-contoured look. From looks that emphasize light and lift, to definition and dimension, this formula works on all skin types. 
MAC Fluidline Eye Pencil is a Eyeliner that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.01 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Effortlessly create endless eye looks that range from beautifully natural to highly artistic with this unique eye shadow palette. With its breakthrough, gel-powder formula blended with ultrafine pigments, Artist Shadow leaves a smooth, even result that gives lids super-saturated, lasting color. An easily-blendable formula that features diamond, iridescent, matte, metallic, and satin finishes, it is an accessible shadow for the professional makeup artist and the everyday woman. 
MAKE UP FOR EVER’S Artist Palette combines everyday neutrals with the season's on-trend colors for shades that range from everyday neutrals to deep, jewel tones. Created with an exclusive blending process, its unique gel-powder formula has a silky texture that is incredibly easy to apply and blend. It’s super-saturated with ultra-fine, atomized pigments for intense color, leaving a smooth, even finish. Shades can be mixed and matched to complement your fall wardrobe.
Guerlain KissKiss is not just another lipstick—it’s a story of seduction. KissKiss, with its iconic symbol of love and eternal femininity, is an essential for every woman. It is an ode to color, the stunning result between great design and unparalleled cosmetic artistry. For 2014, Guerlain has revamped the KissKiss collection to include 25 dazzling new dazzling, effortless shades encased in irresistibly sexy black lacquer.
An ultra-smooth texture, KissKiss’ unique formula is enriched with hyaluronic acid spheres, which gives KissKiss an incredible lip-shaping and plumping effect. Commiphora Myrrha oil and mango butter ensure that lips are smooth and incredibly hydrated. KissKiss’ fine, even and rich creamy texture provides a satiny, vibrant finish with impeccable hold.
Tarte Rainforest After Dark Cheek & Eye Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Champagne is a warm gold with a frost finish that is limited edition.
Tarte Park Ave. Princess #2 is a warm brown with a satin finish that is limited edition.
Bring dramatic definition and the staying power of a traditional gel eyeliner—without the gel pot—with this precision tip, waterproof eyeliner. This eyeliner provides precision accuracy and ease of application—in just two clicks and one stroke—allowing you to create a variety of eye looks that are transfer-free and allow for lining in between lashes. 
simplehuman Sensor Mirror is a Tools that retails for $200.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our first MATTE palette, featuring six gorgeously Naked neutrals to build on or wear alone—including four never-before-seen shades.
The innovative, pigment-rich formula delivers an intense, full-coverage finish in a single stroke, while nutrient rich ingredients are known to smooth, moisturize and volumize. The 40-shade collection features a full range of provocative hues from neutral nudes to striking reds and bold pinks.
A multi-functional artist favorite. Excellent for defining cheekbones, highlighting the complexion, and blending and diffusing color on or around the eye area. A hand-spun black wisteria handle preserves this Kabuki's unique traditional character.
Contour and sculpt with the distinct design of the Mizubake Kabuki. For controlled application of blush and precision definition. A hand-spun black wisteria handle preserves this Kabuki's unique traditional character. Inspired by traditional Japanese beauty rituals Kabuki Theater, the NARS Kabuki Artisan Brushes meld heritage with modernity, in both concept and function.
The Mie Kabuki Brush is ideal for soft, all-over face application of loose powders. Luxuriously layered with a double-dome design that deposits product evenly. A hand-spun black wisteria handle preserves this Kabuki's unique traditional character. Inspired by traditional Japanese beauty rituals Kabuki Theater, the NARS Kabuki Artisan Brushes meld heritage with modernity, in both concept and function.
The unique, angled silhouette of the Kudoki Kabuki contours the eye for impeccable crease definition. Ideal for intense color deposit and heavy shadow lining. Inspired by traditional Japanese beauty rituals Kabuki Theater, the NARS Kabuki Artisan Brushes meld heritage with modernity, in both concept and function.
Tom Ford Beauty Stroked that is limited edition and retails for $77.00 and contains 0.70 oz.
Makeup Geek Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $37.99 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Emerald is a cool green with a sparkle finish that is permanent.
Stila Body that is permanent and retails for $49.00 and contains 0.51 oz.
Create endless everyday looks with this perfectly portable palette featuring an array of full-size matte and shimmer shadows, neutrals, and rich colors to explore for every occasion. Treat yourself to rich, pigmented looks powered by Amazonian clay, Tarte’s revolutionary ingredient that works to balance and neutralize the skin for better, longer, truer wear. This indulgent, blend-worthy collection offers smudge- and budge-proof shadows in a silky, lightweight formula that works to nourish lids as it lasts all day. Take the slim, sleek palette with you on the go or give the gift of pampering to a loved one.
Giorgio Armani Fall 2014 Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $88.00 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Fade to Grey Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chikuhodo GSN-07 Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $40.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-09 Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $25.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-12 Eyebrow Brush is a Brush that retails for $29.00.
Brighten and sculpt your facial features in a single gesture with this angled brush. The slanted-bristle design easily hugs the contours of the face for even, precise application that pronounces your cheeks in a simple sweep.
A collection of organic and mineral pressed pigments enriched with mānuka honey. MODSTER Mānuka Honey Enriched Pigments come in a beautiful assortment of everyday and editorial shades with finishes ranging from matte to metallic. Each shade was inspired by the lifestyle of music artists who use makeup as a way of expression on stage and look effortlessly beautiful off stage. Superior color payoff is achieved through sky-high levels of pigments reaching up to 78 percent depending on the shade. High-grade silicon waxes provide ultralong-lasting wear, even without an eye primer. 
Our standard eye shadow brush. Easy to use, even for makeup beginners. Can be used for the upper eyelid area.
The bristles, made from a mix of goat and synthetic fiber, provide moderate resilience and excel at producing great coloring. This brush can be used with all types of products - liquid or cream base makeup, and even powder.
Our standard eye shadow brush. Easy to use, even for makeup beginners. Can be used for the upper eyelid area.
This exquisite highlighting powder uses innovative light-directing technology to refine contours and illuminate your complexion. In a single stroke, even lackluster skin is transformed by newfound radiance and amazing vitality. 
Louise Young LY38B Tapered Shadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $24.00.
Louise Young LY13 Mini Socket Brush is a Brush that retails for $18.00.
Louise Young LY38 Tapered Shadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $28.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-01 Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $127.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-03 Cheek Brush is a Brush that retails for $96.00.
Charlotte Tilbury The Rebel #1 is a warm beige with a frost finish that is permanent.
The power to mesmerise is in your eyes and Charlotte has decoded the secrets to iconic, hypnotic eyes with the Luxury Palette. Each colour in the quad has a different texture and formula to suit its primary function. ‘Prime’ is emollient-rich to smooth the eyelid, ‘Enhance’ blends easily with all of the other colours, ‘Smoke’ is highly pigment-rich to create a dramatic effect, ‘Pop’ is rich in light-reflecting shimmer flex for an eye-catching, mesmerising finish.
With lip lustre, everyone gets to join the Perfect Lip Club! No lip look is complete without a flourish of Lip Lustre. Charlotte has created a range of ultra-luxe lip lacquers in 10 shades to seamlessly match each K.I.S.S.I.N.G lipstick. Lip Lustre gives lips a brilliant mirror-shine finish, creating the illusion of a sculpted, 3-dimensional, voluptuous pout.
Make Up For Ever’s 30th Anniversary Palette was curated by 30 elite makeup artists to bring together 30 rare palette shades that are inspired by each artist’s unique journey within the industry. Separated into individual palettes of smoky, neutral, and artistic shades, this extensive collection features a vast range of shades with five different finishes, and it includes a collectible pamphlet with tips and tricks from each of the 30 elite artists. Its innovative, gel-powder formula has super-saturated pigments that provide intense color payoff with superior blendability. Mix and match your favorite shadows create your own unique eye looks. 
Conair Infiniti Pro 3Q is a Tools that retails for $119.99.
We packed the palette with 12 amazing shades of Eyeshadow you’ll reach for again and again—eight must-haves from our current collection, plus four exclusives from past sets. Experiment with a wide range of neutrals and a few bold hits of color in an array of finishes—from matte, shimmery and glittery shades to trippy duotones. We even included a double-ended Blending/Smudger Brush for the perfect application. Since no look would be complete without lipstick, we created four addictive new shades (two edgy neutrals and two bold colors) of our creamy Vice formula to round out the collection.
Giorgio Armani Eyes to Kill Liquid Liner is a Eyeliner that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion: the complexion is fresh and radiates from happiness.The true brilliance of these precious moments is captured in Blush Volupte Harmonies, as dangerous liaisons between pure color and light heart. All the magic is here: in the interplay of contrasts. Freed of opaque powders, color expresses itself without any constraint, while each brush stroke sculpts the feature in light.
Ever wanted to get that gorgeous Naked flush all over (even when you haven’t actually done the deed)? Urban Decay launches Naked Illuminated Shimmering Powder for Face and Body. This soft, glowing beige powder contains a sophisticated, micro-fine shimmer worthy of the Naked name. You really have to see it to appreciate how insanely beautiful it is. Simply dust on Naked Illuminated Shimmering Powder wherever you want to create an instant Naked glow. This smooth, silky powder contains light-reflecting particles that create a luminous, radiant look. Like the perfect quickie, it gives you a sexy, just-finished flush that will have people asking what (or whom) you’ve been doing.
Urban Decay 24/7 Glide-On Eye Pencil Double-Ended Set for Holiday 2014 is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal's Infallible Silkissime Eye Liner will Indulge your eyes in silk. Glide on smooth intensity with our first silk inspired liquid pencil. Introducing Silkissime by Infallible. Our smudge-proof formula lasts for up to 16-hours of intense color from dusk until dawn.
Cle de Peau Stellar Gaze (307) that is permanent and retails for $55.00 and contains 0.21 oz.
Cle de Peau Stellar Gaze #1 is a warm gold with a frost finish that is permanent.
A limited-edition blush palette with the illuminating effects of Ambient Strobe Lighting Powder fused with blush pigments for glowing color and a natural-looking, radiant finish. 
A giftable palette of full-face, makeup essentials. 
Too Faced La Crème Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Holiday 2014 Eye & Face Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $56.00 and contains 1.76 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Lip Trio Holiday 2014 is a Lip Palette that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
the magnetic color shadow mono debuts with nineteen diverse single-tone eyeshadows. the complete palette is composed of iconic colors from gucci’s fashion archives and modern hues lifted directly from the runway show. each formula is saturated with pigment and each finish is fine-tuned for a signature eye look.
vibrant demi-glaze lip lacquer delivers a dose of intense color with a demi-glaze finish and a sophisticated shine. packed with pigment, the gloss lacquer is formulated with an expert balance of oils for a rich, creamy consistency.
the sophisticated sheer blushing powder softly illuminates and awakens the complexion for a radiant shine. ultra-fine powders are jet-milled to create a soft powder blush, which gives a veil of color to the cheeks and adds balance and natural depth to the face.
retro inspired with a modern feel, the audacious color-intense lipstick grips the lips for bold, saturated color. the lipstick’s innovative formula contains a mix of waxes and resin for a sophisticated, weightless finish. the sculpted sharp-edged form was specially designed to give incredible coverage in a single swipe.
impact long wear eye pencil enhances the lash line for dramatic definition. the intensely colored formula glides on smoothly, stays soft for 30 seconds for blending, then rapidly sets for a remarkable smudge-resistant finish. the combined effect of special wax, polymer and film formers creates a waterproof, intensely colored pencil.
Gucci Beauty Precise Sculpting Brow Pencil is a Brow that retails for $32.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
the opulent volume mascara defines and frames the eye using exclusive brush technology for exceptional separation and volume. the lightweight, sculptable formula rapidly builds volume, while the cutting edge brush design ensures the product works across various lash types to emphasize eyes for a powerful, lasting impression.
the power liquid liner defines the eye with a clean line of saturated black color. the innovative nib applicator features a protected fiber core, designed for precise control and remarkable versatility. by combining the high intensity black pigment and the precision applicator, a dramatic long-lasting glossy finish is achieved.
the luxurious moisture-rich lipstick delivers bold color with an opulent finish. enriched with a distinctive blend of oils, the formula glides on effortlessly and moisturizes the lips. specially designed to give incredible coverage in a single swipe, the sculpted sharp-edged form allows for a precise application.
the multifunctional sleek contouring lip pencil frames the lips, corrects an imbalanced shape, and fills in the lip with color. the satin texture gives this soft, rich lip liner the ability to define and blend effortlessly.
the bold high-gloss lacquer combines a state of the art formula and an innovative brush for a luxurious manicure experience. the specialized triangular-bristle brush provides impeccable, even coverage with each stroke, while the pigment-saturated nail polish results in a glossy, high-shine look.
the bold high-gloss lacquer base coat smoothes the nail for color application, preparing it for a high-shine finish and protecting it from discoloration.
the bold high-gloss lacquer top coat gives an additional layer of high-shine, for a sharper reflection of light.
jet-milled and blended with gold undertones for exceptional refinement, golden glow bronzer glides onto the skin’s surface for a smooth, virtually flawless finish.
the purifying cleansing water is a refined, versatile cleanser that gently dissolves makeup and impurities. the formula is carefully designed to cleanse the skin on a microscopic level with a balanced blend of dynamic micellar molecules, leaving the skin purified and refreshed.
the gentle refining toner is a skin ph-neutral formula, designed to rebalance the complexion after cleansing and before moisturizing. the specially crafted formula sweeps away dull skin so that the surface of the skin is purified and ready to accept moisture.
the perfecting lightweight moisturizer is a lightweight hydrating and conditioning lotion that boosts moisture and plumps the skin. applied after cleansing and toning, the moisturizer creates a smooth base for makeup application.
silk priming serum prepares the complexion for flawless makeup application, creating a remarkable silk effect. the serum-like texture glides across the skin and quickly absorbs to instantly hydrate. the delicately balanced formula contains a natural conditioning agent and blend of silk-feel polymers, while optical ingredients blur fine lines and pores. the skin is left feeling soft, supple and optimized for even foundation coverage.
designed to perform at professional standards, the powder brush is an essential tool for virtually flawless makeup application. the large, paddle-shaped tip enables smooth and even powder pickup, and the cool-to-the-touch double anodized aluminum handle is weighted for perfect control.
the specialized shape of the blush brush is made for contouring, highlighting and sweeping color onto the face. the tapered bristles ensure the blush is evenly distributed for a soft blended application. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
designed with the professional makeup artist in mind, the foundation brush sets a standard in foundation application. the tapered tip of the bristles allow for precision under the eye and around the nose, while the larger surface quickly spreads and smoothes the foundation. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
the oval shape of the blending brush expertly brings shades together with smooth and professional control. use on the eyelid for a dusting of color or smudge into the crease for all over shading. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
the shadow brush has a rounded, tapered tip to pick up the perfect amount of color for beautiful blending and even application. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
the multi-purpose angled brush fills and defines the brows and also lines the eyes. use with powder for a natural look, or with gels for dramatic effect. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
the pencil brush is a multifunctional beauty must-have. use the short, tapered tip for detailed blending to achieve a smoky eye look. the pencil-like tip is ideal for creating definition and applying concentrations of color. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
the lip brush is expertly crafted for precise, even lipstick and lip lacquer application. the short rounded bristles allow for detailed lining and blending of color. cool-to-the-touch, the weight and feel of the double anodized aluminum handle is balanced for perfect control.
expertly crafted, the magnetic color shadow duo fuses vibrant hues with lavish textures. a carefully balanced pairing, each eyeshadow duo is saturated with pigment, while powder particles are pretreated and primed for high-color impact.
Gucci Beauty Aristocratic (Left) that is permanent.
the color shadow quad fuses vibrant hues with lavish textures. each quad holds a combination designed to recreate a signature gucci look from sophisticated to bold. the eyeshadow is saturated with color for a high-impact, buildable finish while pre-treated, jet-milled powders make for a luxurious application.
Urban Decay Lipstick Stash is a Lip Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Five of Marc’s bestselling shades and two exclusive colors come together to mirror the signature shade of the season: “Midnight in Paris.” From Sunset’s golden bronze shimmer to Midnight in Paris’ inky, indigo blue shades, these gel pot eyeliners were designed to let eyes achieve dazzling color. Adorned in chic packaging, the set is housed within an exclusive tin that will live in your collection long after the pencils are enjoyed. 
MAC Riff-Raff that is limited edition and retails for $44.00 and contains 0.25 oz.
This 12-hour wear, Amazonian-clay infused blush palette instantly awakens the complexion and adds rich dimension. With five flattering, craveable blushes, you can accessorize your entire look and add a touch of sparkle and sheen with the two wearable hair pins. This chic, portable palette makes the perfect gift for the spontaneous blush enthusiast. This giftable palette includes two wearable hair pins with rhinestone and pearl-draped elements for that perfectly “pinned up” look, and it features soft, whimsical packaging and a chic carrying case that’s reminiscent of a vintage clutch and inspired by the pristine elegance of the Parisians. 
MAC Catharina is a cool fuchsia with a luminous finish that is permanent and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.15 oz.
Celebrate the 40th anniversary of Hello Kitty by exploring this exciting collection of eye shades—ranging from vibrant brights to gorgeous neutrals to fun metallics. A satin ruby-colored bow of the beloved cartoon character pulls the palette open to reveal 20 various textures, including matte and shimmering shadows, which are named after some of Hello Kitty’s favorite things. Mix and match this variety of velvety-soft and beautifully blendable shades and let your eyes pop in a hundred different ways—plus, you’ll want to lift the lid for a special, Hello Kitty 3D pop-up surprise. 
Hello Kitty Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
An intensely creamy highlighter offering extreme pearlescence and versatility of finish. Apply dry for a high shine, or on damp skin for a dramatic wet look. Provides eye-catching sheer-to-moderate buildable coverage and natural dimension finish.
Pressed Pigment is delicate. Please handle with care.
MAC Plum Eyes that is limited edition and retails for $39.50 and contains 0.11 oz.
Created exclusively for the NARS Laced with Edge Holiday Color Collection, this newly formulated lipstick fuses cutting-edge pigments with rich texture. Three seductive shades deliver brilliant, glossy shine with full coverage.
Get high-pigment color payoff with metallic shine. These long-wearing, crease-resistant shades glide on evenly, smoothly, and blend effortlessly. Just apply a single, sheer layer for a luminous effect or wear them layered for dramatic shine. 
NARS Kabuki Eye Brush is a Brush.
MAC Objects of Affection Lipglass Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain A Night at the Opera Eye & Blush Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $90.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain A Night at the Opera Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Coque d'Or Perfumed Shimmer Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $95.00 and contains 0.61 oz.
MAC Gold + Beige that is limited edition and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
NARS Holiday 2014 3-Piece Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2014 Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.95 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Take a walk on the wicked side with our jewel-toned lippies available in 12 shimmering shades. Velvety smooth with a dazzling metallic finish, these richly pigmented lipsticks will leave your lips with the ultimate spellbinding look.

Benefit Box o' Blushes is a Cheek Palette that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.08 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our soft focus highlighter turns on “watt” ya got with a delicate champagne glow that’s gorgeous. With a cream-to-powder finish...it’s a switch on “wow” for all complexions. You’ll adore the smooth applicator & luminous sheen.
Benefit Cheeky Sweet Spot that is limited edition and retails for $36.00 and contains 1.08 oz.
Tarte’s Bon Voyage Collector’s Set and Travel Bag features a whimsical, feminine design inspired by vintage Parisian glamour. The exclusive travel bag has a structured design and top handle to create the look of luggage, and the soft and dreamy patterns woven throughout the entire collector’s set is meant to reflect the sweet dream of romantic jet setting—Parisian style. This giftable set offers handpicked bestsellers for the eyes, lips, cheeks, and complexion and includes natural-looking shades that flatter all skin tones. 
Tarte’s Bon Voyage Collector’s Set and Travel Bag features a whimsical, feminine design inspired by vintage Parisian glamour. The exclusive travel bag has a structured design and top handle to create the look of luggage, and the soft and dreamy patterns woven throughout the entire collector’s set is meant to reflect the sweet dream of romantic jet setting—Parisian style. This giftable set offers handpicked bestsellers for the eyes, lips, cheeks, and complexion and includes natural-looking shades that flatter all skin tones. 
Tarte Visionary is a warm coral with a pearl finish that is limited edition.
Too Faced Holiday 2014 Eyeshadow Palette (12-Pan) is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.47 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2014 Lip Pencil Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2014 Eye, Cheek, Lip Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.62 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2014 Lip Gloss Coffret is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.48 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Les 5 Ombres de Chanel is a Eye Palette that retails for $80.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Camelia de Plumes is a cool gold with a frost finish that is limited edition and retails for $76.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
Amp up your holiday look when you add drama with this Studio Case’s vivid color. This limited-edition palette features 12 Artists Shadows, infused with an innovative formula that provides both superior color pay-off and smooth blendability. The shadows are arranged in complementary trios as a guide for creating four specific eye looks: The everyday Natural, sultry Smoky, daring Bold, and sophisticated Chic. Top off your eye look with the rich black Artist Liner, perfect for precisely lining and defining, and the step-by-step guide helps you to create each signature look—all housed in a reusable signature makeup kit. 
Make Up For Ever Artist Liner is a Eyeliner. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Keepsakes/Lip Bag is a Lip Palette that retails for $39.50 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Keepsakes Eye Bag is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.50 and contains 0.62 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Keepsakes Face Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $48.50 and contains 0.29 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Born to Dazzle is a warm gold with a sparkle finish that is limited edition and retails for $26.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
An illuminating powder for an exquisite complexion, infused with golden yellow shimmer.
Laura Mercier Mini Caviar Stick Eye Colour Quartet is a Eye Palette that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bite Beauty Holiday 2014 High Pigment Pencil Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fantasize in color with our neon and pastel lippies in 12 of the creamiest shades you’ll ever use. Our cruelty-free formula is packed with pigment and has a satin matte finish for long-wearing resilience.
Swirl, glow & go! A celebration of highlight, BECCA's Shimmering Skin Perfector Pressed Highlighter Gradient Glow includes 5 best-selling shades all in one place! Features Bronzed Amber, Moonstone, Opal, Rose Gold and Topaz Shimmering Skin Perfector Pressed Highlighter. Each shade can be used alone or swirled together to create a custom glow for the highlight of your life! Everyone has a favorite feature, shine a light on yours. Like a spotlight for the skin, Shimmering Skin Perfector Pressed Highlighter lights up your favorite features. Inspired by the dazzling light of the midday sun, this iconic formula is enriched with ultrafine luminescent pearls that absorb, reflect and refract light to amplify your natural radiance. The multi-toned pigment pearls adjust to your skin's natural undertones. And unlike traditional pressed powders, this one-of-a-kind formula blends pigments with liquids, to create an unparalleled, creamy feel that applies like seamless silk and never cakes.
Dior Diorific Vernis Top Coat is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Choose from an array of makeup essentials with this beautiful, holiday carousel of eye shadows, blushes, bronzers, and Better Than Sex Mascara. Too Faced Co-Founder and Creative Director Jerrod Blandino carefully curated the palette, which offers a variety of ways to create holiday looks. This gift set is designed with six individual sections that split apart to offer portable looks, or hand out each beauty essential to everyone on your list. 
A delectable matte bronzer.What it does:Too Faced Chocolate Soleil Matte Bronzing Powder makes getting glam-and-tan downright delicious. Too Faced combines the natural, therapeutic effects of real cocoa powder with their signature bronzing pigments, creating a unique matte bronzer that neutralizes red and evens out and enhances all skin tones. The complexion is left with a flawless finish, a gorgeous radiance, and a subtly sweet scent. Bask in beautiful bronze with this crave-worthy (calorie-free!) compact that's sure to excite your senses. This ultra-sheer formula is easy to customize, so you will always look naturally irresistiblenever orangey. Get glowing, golden goddess!
Define eyes with colour-intense Effortless Kohl Eyeliner. The long-lasting waterproof formula glides on with exceptional colour release and can be smudged for a smokey look. The retractable tip has a built-in sharpener, enabling precise and delicate application along the lash line. Use to define the eyes along the inner and outer lash lines or blend into eyeshadow for a diffused look.
Guerlain Le Vernis Nail Lacquer Top Coat is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kat Von D Lipstick Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.36 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura brings her artistic eye to this exclusive color collection, featuring her makeup must-haves for eyes and cheeks. Create subtle or smoky eyes and add a splash of shimmering color to cheeks. A luminous bronzer holds the center spot flanked by Laura’s bestselling shadows. 
Laura Mercier Face Highlighter is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This collection of Lasting Line Long-Wearing Eye Liners includes five must-have daytime shades for strikingly beautiful eye looks that last. Each wearable shade glides on a precise line for maximum color intensity - every day.
A liner that delivers long-wearing, richly pigmented color and is infused with a soothing, nourishing blend of minerals and vitamin C. This twist-up pencil glides on for a precise line with maximum color intensity. The mineral-rich formula stays soft and creamy for blending, then sets to a long-wearing finish that won’t smudge, smear, or fade. The liner includes a built-in sharpener and an ergonomically angled smudge tip for smooth, effortless blending. From natural daytime allure to sleek definition to seriously smoky glamour, it’s never been easier to create endless eyeliner looks that last.
Laura Mercier Topaz is a warm brown with a frost finish that is permanent.
bareMinerals Eye & Cheek Palette (Holiday 2014) is a Makeup Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.63 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This high-shine gloss tingles to coax a gorgeous lip look while pampering and moisturizing lips with vitamins A and E. Lips stay lusciously soft and seriously sexy. Layer on the love and take your look to the next level with new holographic top coats, which feature a unique silicone applicator. Full-On Lip Polish is also now available in prismatic special-effect pearl finishes.
Buxom BUXOM Lip Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Discover Silver Screen, a dazzling and revolutionary new lipstick formulation inspired by the glamour of the silver screen. These wet-look, color-rich and ultra-moisturizing lipsticks feel like silk on the lips yet pack a full pigment-punch. The sumptuous, mouth-watering texture is achieved with a high percentage of a ground-breaking new active ingredient, Pomegranate Sterols. Enriched with this 100% natural ingredient, anti-oxidant Vitamin E and Vitamin A, Silver Screen’s delicious formulation ensures lips stay soft and hydrated all day long. These seven dramatic and head-turning shades deliver high-impact and long-lasting glamour to you and your lips in just one swipe.
Tarte LipSurgence Lip Crème is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Indulge in 26 full-size beauty luxuries from tarte. This whimsical gift set comes packaged in three individual collector's boxes to either keep for yourself or break apart and give to your favorite tartelettes. You'll love the romantic gift packaging and gorgeous on-trend shades, ideal for enhancing any beauty wardrobe or indulging in some pretty pampering this holiday season.
Tarte Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Cream Colour Base (Prabal Gurung) is a Blush that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Light English Red is a warm pink with a pearl finish that is limited edition and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.16 oz.
MAC Bronzing Powder (Prabal Gurung) is a Bronzer that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Ultramarine Pink is a cool fuchsia with a satin finish that is limited edition and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
MAC Terre (Left) is a warm beige with a frost finish that is limited edition.
MAC Terre that is limited edition and retails for $40.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
Burberry Beauty Gold Glow Fragrance Luminizing Powder is a golden luminizing powder infused with notes of My Burberry, the new fragrance for women. It creates a glowing radiance and is formulated with ultra-fine powders that give a gorgeous silky smooth texture.
Burberry Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry Iconic Colour Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The ultimate travel kit for Naked junkies, this palette comes loaded with EVERYTHING you need for a complete Naked look: six ALL-NEW shades of Eyeshadow (including an extra large dose of the perfect all-over shade, 5050). Bronzer. Blush. We even included a full-size Naked Ultra Nourishing Lipgloss and a travel-size 24/7 Glide-On Eye Pencil (both new shades), plus a travel-size Perversion Mascara. 
tarte is introducing an all matte eyeshadow palette featuring 12 never-before-seen shades to inspire, celebrate and empower real women to take on the day with confidence. The name says it all – this sleek, statement palette is all about the tartelette and features tarte’s signature Amazonian clay-infused, longwear eyeshadow in rich matte shades that are as beautifully diverse as the brand’s loyal fans.
This innovative Everlasting Liquid Lipstick is infused with vitamins A, C, and E for added hydration. The next-generation formula gives lips long-lasting wear and high-pigment color with a smooth matte finish. 
Kat Von D Autograph Liner Set is a Eye Palette that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Layerable and blendable, this velvety smooth formula glides effortlessly along the lash line for a luscious application, then dries down to a vibrant fade-proof, run-resistant finish. With an array of ten vivid waterproof shades, find your favorite everyday color, then mix and match for a completely unique look that will last for up to eight hours. The portable size fits into any makeup bag or purse for easy, on-the-go application. 
CHANEL ROUGE ALLURE COLOUR AND SHINE LIP GLOSS has the color intensity of a lipstick with the lacquered shine of a lip gloss. With one seductive click, the sculpted applicator delivers high-precision and long-wearing coverage with an advanced formula rich in vitamin E, sappan wood and green tea butter to instantly hydrate and comfort.
Christian Louboutin Beaute Farida is a warm brown with a metallic finish that is permanent and retails for $50.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Burberry Fresh Glow is a lightweight, luminous fluid base that gives the skin a gentle fresh shimmer and sheer dewy finish. The unique pink color complements all skin tones and enhances the complexion for an effortlessly radiant, healthy look. The beautifying formula contains wild rose extract, which provides moisturizing benefits and regenerating properties. The skin is hydrated, protected and has a natural healthy glow.
Lip lacquer goes HD with our innovative wax-free gel technology. Get true color clarity, vivid high-impact shine and a bouncy, lightweight feel. Available in 15 high-definition shades.
Charlotte Tilbury Luxury Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
You don't have to spend hours in the sun to look like you did. Kevyn Aucoin's The Celestial bronzing veil uses crystal pigments in bronze, gold and silver to give you a natural-looking glow. Ideal for adding color or highlights to your face. Perfect for every skin tone.
For maximum coverage: Use fingertip and tap onto skin. A synthetic brush will also work well for more precise placement, however, finger application will have the most intense pigment lay-down. To blend: Use a fluffy brush that has good movement, dip tip of the brush into the pressed pigment and blend. This will make your colour softer and more diffused (like a total pro). When finished: Close that sucker up tight! Don’t leave the jar opened for long periods of time, you may lose some of the magic that makes the Super Shock Pressed Pigments so amazzzing. *Not intended for use in the immediate eye area.
We’ve made it easy for you – every Lippie Stix has a matching Lippie Pencil that was designed to match its partner perfectly. However, we’re not trying to be a bossy pants and tell you creative lovelies what to do. So, if you want to create an Ombre lip look or something, have fun mixing and matching & do your thang!
DIMETHICONE, CERESIN, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, POLYETHYLENE, TOCOPHEROL, GLYCINE SOJA (SOYBEAN) OIL, STEAROXY DIMETHICONE, BHT, ALUMINUM CALCIUM SODIUM SILICATE, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE, CALCIUM ALUMINUM BOROSILICATE,SODIUM POTASSIUM ALUMINUM SILICATE, SILICA, ALUMINA, TIN OXIDE, [+/- RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850),(RED 7, CI 15850),(RED 30 LAKE, CI 73360),(IRON OXIDES, CI 77491),(IRON OXIDES, CI 77492),(IRON OXIDES, CI 77499),(RED 6, CI 15850),(RED 28 LAKE, CI 45410),(RED 28, CI 45410),(RED 27 LAKE, CI 45410),(RED 21, CI 45380),(RED 21 LAKE, CI 45380),(MANGANESE VIOLET, CI 77742),(YELLOW 10 LAKE, CI 47005),(YELLOW 5 LAKE, CI 19140),(YELLOW 6 LAKE, CI 15985),(BLUE 1 LAKE, CI 42090),(MICA, CI 77019),(BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE, CI 77163),(TITANIUM DIOXIDE, CI 77891),(BRONZE POWDER, CI 77400),(COPPER POWDER, CI 77400),(RED 33, CI 17200),(CARMINE, CI 75470),(RED 40 LAKE, CI 16035),(RED 36, CI 12085),(ORANGE 5, CI 45370),(RED 6 LAKE, CI 15850),(RED 22, CI 45380)]
With these rich and intensely-hued shades, the new Makeup Geek Foiled Eyeshadows go beyond your standard line of cosmetics, introducing you to a new and powerful cosmetic experience. This cutting-edge formula offers a creamy texture that is a hybrid between a powder shadow and a cream shadow that is on a level of its own. The intense pigmentation combined with an opaque, metallic finish make these shadows a dream to work with. These can be applied effortlessly in just one swipe with no primer required! Our lineup includes a diverse array of rich colors and a smooth silky formula that we believe help elevate pressed eye shadows to the next level of exceptional quality. 
Eye shadows for the makeup obsessed. Eight no-compromise formulas that look as perfect on the eyes as they do in the pan. Featured in Titanium, Duo Chrome, Ultra-Matte, Metallic, Satin, Shimmer, Sparkle and Velvet.
CASTOR OIL, DI-ISOSTEARYL MALATE, TRI-OCTYLDODECYL EXEMPLARY TRAY AGENT, CAPRYLIC / CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, LANOLIN OIL, CANDELILLA WAX, OZOKERITE, OCTYLDODECANOL, SILICA, BIS DI-GLYCERYL POLY ADIPATE ACYL-2, HYDRO JENEYI SUITED POLYDECENE, POLYETHYLENE, MICROCRYSTALLINE WAX, FRAGRANCE, TOCOPHEROL, SQUALANE, WHEAT GERM EXTRACT, SOYBEAN EXTRACT, BARLEY EXTRACT, COCONUT SEED BUTTER, CHAMOMILE FLOWER OIL, SHEA BUTTER , CHOLESTEROL AND CERAMIDE 3, ACRYLATE COPOLYMERS, LINOLEIC LAKE ACID, A TREE IN TOK CHICAGO FRILLS REEL SILANE, CALCIUM, SODIUM BEAM WITH SILICATE, CALCIUM ALUMINUM BEAM SILICATE, SYNTHETIC FLUORINATED SAMPLE LOGO GRAPHITE, POLYETHYLENE TEREPHTHALATE, BARIUM SULFATE, ALUMINA, VANILLIN, [+/- MICA, TITANIUM DIOXIDE, RED IRON OXIDE, YELLOW IRON OXIDE, BLACK IRON OXIDE, BLUE NO. 1 LAKE, CARMINE, COPPER POWDER, RED NO. 201, RED 104 ARC (1) LAKE, LAKE RED NO. 202, RED NO. 226 LAKE, LAKE RED LAKE NO. 227, YELLOW NO. 4 LAKE, YELLOW NO. 5] (ILN40122)
This beautiful assortment of chocolate-inspired shades were formulated using real cocoa powder. Encased in a playful chocolate bar tin, the rich selection of the perfect browns, neutrals, and little pops of color appeal to every candy lover.
Too Faced Chocolate Bar Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.56 oz.
Designed for a quick application with the softest finish. The large size is ideal for applying mineral or powder foundations—or any powder, bronzer, or blush—across the face. The tapered point lets you go into the eye area and do detailed highlighting work.
NARS Dual-Intensity Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $79.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Nothing is more chic than double duty beauty... go from day to night, natural to dramatic with The Creamy Glow Duo. This unique cream formula glides on with ease and is non-greasy and long-wearing. Shades can be used alone or mixed together to get your desired look, and best of all – it can double as lip color! 
Kevyn Aucoin The Creamy Glow is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Suqqu Eyeshadow Brush M is a Brush.
Suqqu Face Brush is a Brush.
Suqqu Lip Brush L is a Brush.
Sephora + Pantone Universe Matte Lip Crème is a Lipstick that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Nylon-12, Phenyl Trimethicone, Polyethylene, Ptfe, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica, Tocopherol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Laminaria Ochroleuca Extract, Hexylene Glycol, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain (+/-): Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Cl 77891), Yellow 5 Lake (Cl 19140), Bismuth Oxychloride (Cl 77163), Carmine (75470). 
A romantic blush with irresistible charm to sweep over cheekbones like a springtime breeze. Slipped into a pouch, the black lacquered case highlights a delicate powder and reveals a raised camellia motif. A duo of pinks, one delicate and one more intense, recalls the delicate grace and purity of the favorite flower of Mademoiselle Chanel. It makes cheeks blush with all the freshness of spring.
This limited-edition cheek set is a portable and perfect solution for adding a pop of color to everyday makeup and providing instant glow to cheek bones. The powders are created through a triple jet milled process that allows for intense color payoff and a velvety texure that leaves skin feeling luxurious, but never heavy. The uique blend of naturally derived oils and powders enhance the skin's overall appearance with a sophisticated shimmer for a radiant glow without glitter. 
This travel-size eye shadow palette features 24 shades that complement Marsala, the Color of the Year for 2015, plus four Marsala shadows with different finishes—matte, glitter, pearl, and shimmer. Use it to create five different Marsala-inspired looks or your own endless combinations. This palette was inspired by the beloved Holiday 2012 Pantone Metallic Palette. 
Sephora + Pantone Universe Autumn Blonde is a warm beige with a sparkle finish that is limited edition.
Bite Beauty Agave Lip Mask (Tinted) is a Lip Balm. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Glow Bronzing Powder is a remarkably delicate formula that’s ideal for creating a warm glow for a look that exudes sensuality. Wear it day or night to illuminate your skin tone and add depth or to exude radiance. Each shade is layered with golden pearl for a subtle shimmer which adds a glistening radiance to your complexion.
Pro tips: A lighter shade of bronzer will create the most natural-looking tan. Build color gradually, starting at the temples, chin and cheeks then moving toward the center of your face with a large powder brush.
Glow Illuminating Powder is a lightweight powder highlighter that gives your complexion effortless radiance and an enviable natural glow. Its smooth, velvet texture has a beautiful shimmering finish.
Soft and creamy, these MODSTER eyeliners glide on effortlessly, allowing enough time for blending and setting, for a long-lasting finish that won’t budge. Full of high-color payoff, these eyeliner shades range from intense black to festive gold—perfect for amping up eye looks for any occasion. 
LORAC Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Blush is a Blush. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Spring 2015 Cheek & Lip Set is a Makeup Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Instantly transform your look with LORAC Alter Ego Lipstick. These sexy and playful lipsticks coat your lips in highly-pigmented color with an opaque, matte finish. Alter Ego Lipstick contains antioxidants such as Acai Berry, Pomegranate, Grape Seed Extract, and Vitamins C and E. Whether you wish to be a Free Spirit, a Supermodel or a Sex Kitten (even if just for a night), Alter Ego Lipstick comes in a gorgeous range of colors from soft nudes to vivid hues to create any look you covet. Embrace your every identity and dress up your lips with LORAC.
Sephora + Pantone Universe Cooling Multi-Stick is a Blush that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.63 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Sheer Ladyflower is a cool pink with a natural finish that is discontinued and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
A sparkly eye shadow with a refined and sophisticated feel. This dazzlingly sparkly shadow innovates with a chic feel and not a single speck of chunky glitter. Microfine bits of iridescent sparkle collide with intense, dreamy hues and lush, 3D metallics for an effect that’s out of this world. And since Moondust has minimal fallout, the sparkle stays on your lids (and off your cheeks). 
Maybelline Color Elixir Iridescent is the first lip lacquer with intense liquid lip color and brilliant iridescent shine. Micro pearls give a creamy balm feel. Now get the color impact of a lipstick with the shine and comfort of a lip gloss in one sweep.
Maybelline Barely Bloomed (700) is a warm peach with a satin finish that is permanent and retails for $7.49 and contains 0.14 oz.
These long-wear, crease-resistant palettes flaunt five richly-pigmented shades in a range of matte to shimmer finishes for an endless array of creative eye looks. The innovative multi-press, three-dimensional design, paired with a fine, creamy texture, achieves a new level of control for blending and picking up pigment. 
Hourglass Graphite #2 is a warm copper with a frost finish that is permanent.
NARS Annapurna is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.90 oz.
NARS All Day Luminous Weightless is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Radiant Cream Compact is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Sheer Matte is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Mont Blanc is a natural finish and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.40 oz.
Give cheeks the appearance of soft springtime freshness and radiance. This blush brings together a harmony of three Météorites pearls: a fuchsia that revives the natural color of the cheeks, an iridescent champagne that illuminates the curve of the cheekbones and a rose petal pink that gently refreshes the complexion. Housed in a limited-edition vintage box, it leaves behind a violet scent that’s original and totally addictive.
Created with BITE Beauty’s coveted Crème Deluxe formula, this lipstick is rich in vitamins, minerals, proteins, and offers over 20 amino acids, freshwater pearl, and silk—which have been used in traditional beauty rituals dating back thousands of years. When added to lipstick, this pairing offers natural moisture-adjusting benefits that leave lips softer and more sensuous. Get the coolest shade in a luxurious formula—available only for a limited time. 
Aerin Beauty Eyelighter is a Concealer that retails for $36.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aerin Fresh Skin Compact is a Foundation that retails for $48.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay Clear Complexion Blemish Healing is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Amazing Cosmetics Amazing is a Concealer that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
AMOREPACIFIC 104 Tan Blush is a luminous finish and retails for $60.00 and contains 1.05 oz.
Water, Coconut Alkanes, Propanediol, Squalane, Trehalose, Isostearic Acid, Glycerin, Silica, Agar, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Globularia Cordifolia Callus Culture Extract, Salicornia Herbacea Extract, Melilotus Officinalis Extract, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Butylene Glycol, Lauroyl Lysine, Sodium Hyaluronate, Succinoglycan, Polysorbate 60, Cellulose Gum, Polyglyceryl-4 Laurate/Succinate, Sorbitan Sesquiisostearate, Magnesium Stearate, Magnesium Hydroxide, Magnesium Chloride, Potassium Chloride, Calcium Chloride, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
bareMinerals Prime Time BB Primer-Cream SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Shell is a matte finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.35 oz.
Becca Perfect Skin Mineral Powder is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Radiant Skin Creamy is a Concealer that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Radiant Skin Satin Finish Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dimethicone, Water, Phenyl Trimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Peg/Ppg-18/18 Dimethicone, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Polysilicone-11, Silica Dimethicone Silylate, Butylene Glycol, Isononyl Isononanoate, Glycerin, Sodium Chloride, Isododecane, Dimer Dilinoleyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Methicone, Glyceryl Caprylate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Calcium Carbonate, Trihydroxystearin, Potassium Sorbate, Methylpropanediol, Disodium Edta, Caprylhydroxamic Acid. May Contain/ Peut Contenir [+/-]: Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77492 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides).
Becca Ultimate Coverage Concealing Crème is a Concealer that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Fake Up is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit The Big Easy Liquid to Powder SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.18 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown CC Cream SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Skin Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $46.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 32 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Skin Weightless is a Foundation that retails for $46.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Tinted Eye Brightener is a Concealer that retails for $31.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Boots No7 Warm Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $13.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Bourjois Beige is a natural finish and retails for $22.72 and contains 1.01 oz.
Burberry Fresh Glow BB Cream SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Buxom Fair Game is a natural finish and retails for $34.00 and contains 1.50 oz.
Burberry Nude Glow is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CARGO HD Picture Perfect is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CARGO Picture Perfect CC Cream SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chantecaille Le Camouflage Stylo Anti-Fatigue Corrector Pen is a Concealer that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Charlotte Tilbury Light Wonder Youth-Boosting Perfect Skin is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.40 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Charlotte Tilbury The Retoucher Conceal and Treat Stick is a Concealer that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ck one All Day Perfection Face Makeup Broad Spectrum SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Extra-Comfort Anti-Aging SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $63.00 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins 110 Honey is a semi-matte finish and retails for $43.00.
Clinique 2 Alabaster is a natural finish and retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Clinique Moisture Surge CC Compact is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Pore Refining Solutions is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cover FX Blemish Treatment is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cover FX Cream Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $27.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cover FX N10 is a natural finish and retails for $40.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
CoverGirl Covergirl and Olay Eye Rehab is a Concealer that retails for $11.99 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Facelift Effect Firming Makeup with Olay is a Foundation that retails for $16.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Queen Collection CC Cream is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.84 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Ready Set Gorgeous is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 0.37 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Smoothers Aquasmooth Compact is a Foundation that retails for $9.49 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl TruBlend Fixstick is a Concealer that retails for $7.99. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Ultrasmooth is a Foundation that retails for $14.49 and contains 0.85 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dermablend Warm Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dermablend Nude 01 is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.42 oz.
Dermablend Smooth Liquid Camo is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dermablend Smooth Liquid Camo SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dermalogica Sheer Tint SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Diorskin Nude Compact is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Diorskin Nude BB Crème is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Diorskin Nude Skin-Glowing SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Diorskin Star is a Concealer that retails for $36.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior 010 Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Dior SkinFlash Radiance Booster Pen is a Concealer that retails for $38.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Star Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Star Fluid Foundation SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana Perfect Luminous is a Concealer that retails for $38.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana Perfect Matte is a Concealer that retails for $41.00 and contains 0.16 oz. There are 21 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana Perfect Reveal Lifting SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $72.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana Perfection Veil is a Foundation that retails for $60.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana The Concealer Perfect Finish is a Concealer that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana The Foundation Perfect Finish Creamy Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $66.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana The Foundation Perfect Finish Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana The Foundation Perfect Finish Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana The Foundation Perfect Matte Liquid Foundation Broad Spectrum SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $67.00 and contains 1.01 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dolce and Gabbana The Lift SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $72.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ BB Night Beauty Balm is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Elizabeth Arden Flawless Finish Perfectly Nude Broad Spectrum SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $38.50. There are 26 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ Premium Beauty Balm SPF 45 is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ Black Label Detox BB Beauty Balm is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ Water Fuse Beauty Balm SPF 25 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ Renewalist BB Beauty Balm is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.05 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ V7 Beauty Balm is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Jart+ CC Essence Balm is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Elizabeth Arden Flawless Finish Perfectly Satin 24 HR Broad Spectrum SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $38.50. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Clear Difference Complexion Perfecting BB Crème SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Double Wear All-Day Glow BB Moisture Makeup Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Double Wear Brush-On Glow BB Highlighter is a Foundation that retails for $28.50 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Intensity 0.5 is a natural finish and retails for $37.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Estee Lauder Double Wear Stay-In-Place Flawless Wear is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Double Wear Stay-In-Place High Cover Concealer SPF 35 is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Isostearyl Palmitate, Silica, Calcium Silicate, Methicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Boron Nitride, Methyl Methacrylate, Crosspolymer, Polypropylene, Phenoxyethanol, Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Bismuth Oxychloride, Carmine, Chromium Hydroxide Green
Estee Lauder Enlighten EE Even Effect Skintone Corrector Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Perfectionist Youth-Infusing Broad Spectrum SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 21 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Cotton Fit is a Foundation that retails for $15.00 and contains 2.11 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Exuviance CoverBlend Multi-Function is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Giorgio Armani Luminessence CC Color Control Bright Moisturizer SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Givenchy Photo'Perfexion SPF 20 PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 0.80 oz. There are 23 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Gorgeous Cosmetics BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $39.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Lingerie de Peau BB Cream SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $51.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Lingerie De Peau Powder is a Foundation that retails for $66.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure de Lumiere Light-Diffusing SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $61.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Precious Light rejuvenating Illuminator is a Concealer that retails for $51.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Super Aqua-Serum BB+ Hydra Beauty Balm Instant Hydration SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $75.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Tenue De Perfection Timeproof Foundation SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $61.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Honeybee Gardens Pressed Mineral Powder is a Foundation that retails for $10.99 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Terracotta Joli Teint Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $53.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hourglass Illusion Hyaluronic Skin Tint SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IMAN Second to None Cover Cream is a Concealer that retails for $13.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IMAN Second to None Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $16.00. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Bye Bye Under Eye Corrector is a Concealer that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Celebration Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $35.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Eyelift In a Tube is a Concealer that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.19 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics IT-O2 Ultra Repair Liquid Oxygen is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Active: Titanium Dioxide 9.0%, Zinc Oxide 6.3%. Inactive: Water, Snail Secretion Filtrate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Orbignya Oleifera Seed Oil, Butyloctyl Salicylate, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Cyclopentasiloxane, Cyclohexasiloxane, Magnesium Sulfate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Aluminum Hydroxide, Hexyl Laurate, Stearic Acid, Calcium Stearate, Caprylyl Glycol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Ethylhexylglycerin, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Phenoxyethanol, Citrus Aurantium Bergamia (Bergamot) Fruit Oil, 1,2-Hexanediol, Disodium EDTA, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Citrus Aurantifolia (Lime) Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Punica Granatum Seed Oil, Pinus Sylvestris Leaf Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Niacinamide, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Cholesterol, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Water, Lactobacillus/Honeysuckle Flower/Licorice Root/Morus Alba Root/Pueraria Lobata Root/Schizandra Chinensis Fruit/Scutellaria Baicalensis Root/Sophora Japonica Flower Extract Ferment Filtrate, Perfluorohexane, Olea Europaea (Olive) Leaf Extract, Glycerin, Eucalyptus Globulus Leaf Oil, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Chrysanthemum Indicum Flower Extract, Pueraria Lobata Root Extract, Perfluorodecalin, Morus Alba Fruit Extract, Magnolia Kobus Bark Extract, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Sprout Extract, Diospyros Kaki Leaf Extract, Cinnamomum Cassia Bark Extract, Artemisia Princeps Leaf Extract, Pentafluoropropane, Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) Root Extract, Steareth-20, Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid, Colloidal Oatmeal, Hydrolyzed Silk, Citric Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, N-Hydroxysuccinimide, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Caprylhydroxamic Acid, Tocopherol, Thiamine Hcl, Riboflavin, Retinyl Palmitate, Pantothenic Acid, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Niacin, Folic Acid, Chrysin, Carnitine HCl, Biotin, Ascorbic Acid, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Chlorhexidine Digluconate. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499).
Josie Maran Argan Creamy Concealer Crayon is a Concealer that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Josie Maran Argan Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jouer Age Repairing is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kanebo Sensai Cellular Performance Cream Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $85.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kanebo Sensai Cellular Performance Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $65.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ACTIVE INGREDIENTS: TITANIUM DIOXIDE 4.5%, ZINC OXIDE 3%. INACTIVE INGREDIENTS: WATER, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, OCTYLDODECYL NEOPENTANOATE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, POLYGLYCERYL-4 ISOSTEARATE, DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, PEG/PPG 18/18 DIMETHICONE, SILICA, DIMETHICONE, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, STEARIC ACID, ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, PHYTANTRIOL, HEXYL LAURATE, TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE, NYLON-12, SODIUM CHLORIDE, RETINYL PALMITATE, TOCOPHEROL, TETRAHEXYLDECYL ASCORBATE, POLYDODECANAMIDEAMINIUM TRIAZADIPHENYLETHENESULFONATE, POLYVINYLALCOHOL CROSSPOLYMER, MAGNESIUM CHLORIDE, POTASSIUM
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty Sensual Skin Fluid is a Foundation that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.68 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kanebo Sensai Fluid Finish is a Foundation that retails for $50.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Korres Pomegranate Foundation is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kevyn Aucoin Beauty The Sensual Skin Tinted Balm is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Bienfait Teinte Beauty Balm Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Nude Miracle SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller BB Cream All-in-One Skin-Perfecting SPF 21 is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.33 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Crease-Less Concealer Line Smoothing Pen is a Concealer that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier 3 is a natural finish and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.27 oz.
Laura Geller Luminous Veil Cream Stick is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cyclopentasiloxane, Water, Silica, Butylene Glycol, Dimethicone, Octyldodecyl Neopentanoate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Phytostearyl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Poly (Glycol Adipate)/Bishydroxyethoxypropyl Dimethicone Copolymer, Lemon Fruit Extract, Fumaria Officinalis Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Hull Powder, Fumaric Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Polysilicone-11, Dimethicone/Divinyldimethicone/Silsexquioxane CrossPolymer, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Hudrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Isohexadecane, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Sodium Lauroyl Asparate, Glyceryl Stearate, Cetearyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Behenyl Alcohol, Zinc Chloride, Polysilicone-1 Crosspolymer, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Ammonium Polyacryloydimethyl Taurate, Polysorbate 20, Polysorbate 80, Polyurethane-40, Nylon-12 Flourescent Brightener 230 Salt, Polyvinylalcohol Crosspolymer, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Sodium Chloride, Propylene Carbonate, Triethoxycaprylysilane, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Disodium EDTA, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain/(+/-): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides).
LORAC Touch-Up To Go is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Infallible Pro-Matte 24HR is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Blur is a Concealer that retails for $12.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Visible Lift Blur SPF 18 is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Light is a matte finish and retails for $25.00 and contains 0.42 oz.
MAC Pro Longwear SPF 20 Compact is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Pan Cake is a Foundation that retails for $34.00. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Pan Stick is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.70 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Manhattan Easy Match SPF 18 is a Foundation that retails for $8.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Marvelous Mousse Transformative Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.63 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Dream Pure BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Dream Wonder Fluid-Touch is a Foundation that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.67 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Perfect (5) is a natural finish and retails for $32.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
Maybelline Dream Wonder Powder is a Foundation that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.19 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline FaceStudio Master Conceal is a Concealer that retails for $8.99 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Murad Acne Treatment is a Concealer that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Napoleon Perdis Off Duty is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS All Day Luminous Powder Foundation SPF 24 is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Vanilla is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.07 oz.
NARS Soft Velvet Loose Powder is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Soft Velvet Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $34.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Neutrogena Visibly Even BB Cream SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $15.99 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Nudestix Concealer Pencil is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water / Aqua / Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Cyclohexasiloxane, Glycerin, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Titanium Dioxide [Nano], Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Zinc Oxide, Sodium Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Stearoyl Inulin, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Polysorbate 80, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Hydrated Silica, Propylene Glycol, Tilia Cordata Wood Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Aluminum Hydroxide, Aesculus Hippocastanum (Horse Chestnut) Seed Extract, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Mannitol, Trimethoxycaprylylsilane, Glycogen, BHT, Yeast Extract / Faex Extract / Extrait de levure, Chlorphenesin, Methylparaben, Biotin, Calcium Pantothenate, Fragrance / Parfum, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Benzyl Salicylate, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
NYX Invincible Fullest Coverage is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 0.85 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Mineral Stick is a Foundation that retails for $9.99 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $9.99 and contains 1.07 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Introducing the Wonder Pencil…It’s the essential pencil that will meet all of your beauty desires! Conquer the 3 important makeup deeds with one product – conceal, brighten, and line! Use this pencil as a lip liner and an eye brightener inside your water line. Get that impeccable look naturally. Available in 3 shades to match your skin tone flawlessly.
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics OCC Skin - Conceal is a Concealer that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics Y0 is a natural finish and retails for $23.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics OCC Tint: Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $29.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Perfekt Skin Perfection is a Concealer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Perfekt Skin Perfection CC Crème SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Per-fekt Eye Perfection Gel is a Concealer that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Per-fekt Skin Perfection Conceal is a Concealer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
philosophy Hope for Everywhere is a Concealer that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
philosophy Hope in a Jar A to Z SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
philosophy Hope In a Jar SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $39.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
philosophy Miracle Worker SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Argan Wear Renew BB Cream SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $14.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula CC+ Compact Cream SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $14.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Organic Wear BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $14.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Touch of Glow is a Foundation that retails for $14.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Physicians Formula Youthful Wear Cosmeceutical Youth-Boosting Spotless SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pur Minerals Disappearing Ink is a Concealer that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Revlon ColorStay Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $10.49 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Octinoxate 4.5%, Zinc Oxide 0.1%, Other Ingredients: Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Isododecane, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Dimethicone, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Phenyl Trimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Propanediol, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Bis-(C12-14 Alkyl PPG-2) Hexamethylenediurea, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Sodium Chloride, Propylene Carbonate, Silica Silylate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Polysilicone-11, Bismuth Oxychloride, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate, Xanthan Gum, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Trisodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Revlon Photo Ready BB Cream Skin Perfector SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Titanium Dioxide 4.7%, Zinc Oxide 2.1%, Dimethicone, Isohexadecane, Polyethylene, Triethylhexanoin, Neopentyl Glycol Diheptanoate, Silica, Microcrystalline Wax, Adipic Acid/Neopentyl Glycol Crosspolymer, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Boron Nitride, Ozokerite, Phenyl Trimethicone, Bis-(C12-14 Alkyl PPG-2) Hexamethylenediurea, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Niacinamide,Hydrolyzed Oat Flour, Tocopheryl Acetate, Lecithin, Phytosteryl Canola Glycerides, Palmitic Acid, Oleic Acid, Ceramide 3, Phytosphingosine, Hydrogenated Jojoba Oil, Ceramide 6 II, Cholesterol, Ceramide 1, Nylon-12, Alumina, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Methicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Sodium Lauroyl Lactylate, Linoleic Acid, Methoxy Amodimethicone/Silsesquioxane Copolymer, Triolein, Stearic Acid, Xanthan Gum, Carbomer, Sorbic Acid May Contain:Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Rimmel London Perfection BB Cream Matte SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $6.69. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora 06 Light Beige is a natural finish and retails for $17.00.
Sephora 05 Porcelain is a matte finish and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Sephora 10 Light Ivory (N) is a natural finish and retails for $15.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
Sephora Fair (P) is a natural finish and retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Sephora 10 Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.67 oz.
Shiseido Future Solution LX SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $85.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Perfect Hydrating BB Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 35 Sunscreen is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido I60 Natural Deep Ivory is a Foundation.
Shiseido B100 Very Deep Beige is a Foundation.
Shiseido Sheer Eye Zone is a Concealer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido The Makeup Dual Balancing Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $38.50 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido The Makeup Powdery Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $29.50 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Urban Environment Tinted UV Protector Broad Spectrum SPF 43 is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido UV Protection Sitck Foundation SPF 37 is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido UV Protective Compact Foundation SPF 36 is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido UV Protective Liquid Foundation SPF 42 is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido UV Protective Stick Foundation SPF 37 is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
shu uemura Lightbulb is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.90 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sisley Phyto-Teint Expert is a Foundation that retails for $137.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Camera Ready BB Cream Eyes Broad Spectrum SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Camera Ready CC Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 30 Dark Spot Correcting is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Photo Filter is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox 1.1 is a natural finish and retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Stila CC Color Correcting Cream Broad Spectrum SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila CC Color Correcting Stick SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Supergoop! CC Cream Daily Correct Broad Spectrum SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 1.60 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte BB Tinted Treatment 12-Hour Primer Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Colored Clay CC Primer is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.51 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Colored Clay CC Undereye Corrector is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop BB Cream Tea Tree Light is a Foundation that retails for $18.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Concealing Pen is a Concealer that retails for $52.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Cocoa Powder is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta BB Cream Beauty Balm SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Color Correcting Foundation and Primer Stick is a Foundation that retails for $12.50. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Concealer Stick is a Concealer that retails for $7.00. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Demi-Matte SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ulta Fabulous Face is a Concealer that retails for $7.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Naked Skin Beauty Balm is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.18 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Naked Skin Ultra Definition is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Naked Skin Ultra Definition Finishing is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Cover All is a Foundation that retails for $2.99 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Cover All Cream is a Foundation that retails for $3.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild Intuitive Blend is a Foundation that retails for $5.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Active Ingredients: Octinoxate 3% Inactive Ingredients: Dimethicone, Cyclohexasiloxane, Isododecane, Alcohol Denat, Vinyl Dimenthicone/Methicone, Silsequioxane, Crosspolymer, Phenyl, Trimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Water, Propylene Carbonate, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Silica Silyate, Fragrance, Calophyllum Inophyllum Seed Oil, Aluminum Hydroxide, Benzyl Alcohol, May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides
YSL Top Secrets All-in-One BB Cream Skintone Corrector is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.30 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Bellgreens that is limited edition and retails for $44.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
bareMinerals Bare Shell 02 is a natural finish and retails for $29.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Tom Ford Lip Color Matte creates a powerfully sophisticated look of unadulterated color. Formulated with a luxurious, velvet matte finish, the Lip Color smoothes comfortably onto the lips in a spectrum of richly pigmented hues.
This innovative formula transforms from liquid to solid, instantly adhering to the eyelid while providing 16 hours of smudge- and crease-proof wear. Formulated with a hold booster, a creamy polymer with glycerine that allows pure color pigments to blend together seamlessly and stay on lids, this tint is infused with a color vibrancy booster, which is enriched with natural pigments and pearls. This unique complex works together to evenly disperse high-density color. This eye tint features dynamic runway-inspired shades that can be used as an eye shadow or eyeliner, or layer them together for natural to glamorous looks. 
Dior's legendary blush returns with a new texture formulated to blend with your skin, leaving you with a weightless veil of color.
Appear as though you’re basking in perfectly-filtered light. See yourself through Marc’s flattering lens with this first-ever, face-perfecting filter in a compact. Create natural-looking contours and dimension with this set of luxurious, creamy powders that blend seamlessly with the skin for buildable, natural coverage. Ultra-flattering and fashion-inspired, the bronze hue offers sheer shadow to define your features, and the refined highlighting hue subtly illuminates, brightens, and lifts to set off your contours. Jet-milled pigments create an unparalleled velvety-soft texture, and the botanical powders are formulated with antioxidant-rich pomegranate and revitalizing vitamins A, C, and E. 
Marc Jacobs Beauty #Instamarc Light Filtering Highlight Powder is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Marc Jacobs Beauty #Instamarc Light Filtering Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A limited-edition version of the legendary 5 Couleurs palette brings together a variety of textures in a single case to create eye makeup styles through layering. The palette is adorned with the crest of Christian Dior.
How to use: For a natural look, create a gradation effect using the medium shade on the entire mobile eyelid and the darker shade along the lash line. Highlight with the lightest shade beneath the brow arch and in the inner corner of the eye. For a sophisticated look, apply the lightest shade over the entire mobile eyelid. Contrast with the darker shade in the crease and along the lash line to create structure. Apply the medium shade in the outer corner and draw it out to widen the eyes.
Dior Kingdom of Colors Couture Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Clair (02) is a cool sheer with a luminous finish that is permanent and retails for $62.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Kaolin, Petrolatum, Dimethicone, Isobutylmethacrylate/Bis-Hydroxypropyl Dimethicone Acrylate Copolymer, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire D'abeille, Polyester/Dimethicone/Ipdi Copolymer, Polysilicone-11, Phenoxyethanol, Cyclomethicone, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, May Contain: (+/-) Red 6 (Ci 15850), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090), Red 27(Ci 45410), Red 30 Lake (Ci 73360), Carmine (Ci 75470), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891). *Contains Carmine as a color additive.
Indulge your lips with Marc’s new revolutionary 10-hour lipstick that saturates your lips in luxe and creamy, vibrant pigment with just one swipe. Experience unprecedented color payoff from concentrated color-boost pigments that are triple-milled and enriched with hydrating ingredients—leaving lips with ultimate long-lasting color and moisture. Instantly, lips feel plumped and nourished from powerful peptides, antioxidant-rich seaberry, and natural humectants, including meranti and cocoa butter. 
Cyclopentasiloxane, dimethicone, trimethylsiloxysilicate, isododecane, boron nitride, c30-45 alkyl cetearyl dimethicone crosspolymer, synthetic fluorphlogopite, cucumis sativus (cucumber) fruit extract, mangifera indica (mango) seed butter, aluminum calcium sodium silicate, calcium sodium borosilicate, dimethicone/vinyl trimethylisiloxy silicate crosspolymer, calcium aluminum borosilicate, silica, disteardimonium hectorite, propylene carbonate, phenoxyethanol, ethylhexylglycerin, tin oxide, glycine soja (soybean) oil. [ +/- aluminum powder (ci 77000), bismuth oxychloride (ci 77163), black 2 (ci 77266), blue 1 (ci 42090), blue 1 lake (ci 42090), bronze powder (ci 77400), carmine (ci 75470), chromium oxide greens (ci 77288), copper powder (ci 77400), ferric ammonium ferrocyanide (ci 77510), ferric ferrocyanide (ci 77510), green 5 (ci 61570), iron oxides (ci 77491), iron oxides (ci 77492), iron oxides (ci 77499), manganese violet (ci 77742), mica (ci 77019), red 40 lake (ci 16035), titanium dioxide (ci 77891), ultramarines (ci 77007), yellow 5 (ci 19140), yellow 5 lake (ci 19140)].
Real Techniques #101 Triangle Foundation Brush is a Brush that retails for $23.99.
An expert sketch artist, Kat Von D uses shadow and light to create depth and dimension in her captivating portraits, infusing them with lifelike authenticity. Take artistry shading into your own hands with this Shade + Light Contour Palette, and effortlessly sculpt, chisel, shape, and slenderize your features for enhanced definition. Unlike traditional bronzing powders, the Shade + Light Contour Palette is loaded with a unique selection of matte shades that capture the true hues of shadow and light. The three contour shades create realistic shadows to recede facial features, while the three highlight shades impart a soft luminosity to amplify dimension. A true artist's palette specially designed to be used with the Shade + Light Contour Brush, these silky, buildable powders blend effortlessly into the skin for a flawless, fade-proof finish that flatters every skin tone or face shape. 
Kat Von D Light Powder is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kat Von D Shade Powder is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Mineralize Multi-Effect Lash is a Mascara that retails for $22.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aquaphor, the doctor-recommended brand for relieving chapped, cracked, and irritated skin now offers Aquaphor Lip Repair. Specially formulated for lips, with carefully selected ingredients for moisturizing and conditioning, it’s clinically proven to effectively relieve dryness and soothe chapped lips. Aquaphor Lip Repair provides long-lasting relief so you can smile comfortably all day long.
This luxurious body scrub gently sloughs away dead skin cells, leaving smooth, radiant, polished skin. Inspired by her French upbringing, Laura Mercier brings an authentic approach to the bath and body category, believing that fragrance is a personal signature. With Crème de Pistache Body & Bath Collection, she has created playful yet decadent and sophisticated formulas inspired by the aura and aroma of the French pâtisserie. 
Perfect skin begins with Kate’s delicate gel cleanser, which cleanses and conditions sensitive skin. With efficacious Botanicals, this sulfate-free, gentle formula is formulated to remove makeup and pore-clogging oil, while helping to maintain the skin’s natural moisture barrier. Skin is left feeling hydrated, soft, and refreshed. - See more at: http://www.katesomerville.com/gentle-daily-wash/#sthash.lw1BmVBw.dpuf
This two-in-one scrubby cleanser is fortified with radiance-boosting panax ginseng and caffeine while jojoba and carnauba wax gently exfoliate to help unclog pores. Skin looks smoother and brighter, and feels perfectly refreshed and squeaky clean. Best for all skin types, the uplifting 100 percent natural essential oil blend of grapefruit, lemon, and spearmint perks you up so you’re ready to face the day. 
Black Tea Instant Perfecting Mask with advanced antioxidants is a hydrating treatment that immediately reveals softer, firmer, healthier-looking skin. The innovative formula’s velvety whipped texture has an immediate cooling effect to refresh the skin and the senses. Black tea ferment, also known as Kombucha, is an advanced antioxidant that helps to defend against wrinkle-causing free radicals while softening, smoothing, and enhancing luster. The formula is further enriched with lychee seed extract, known to support natural collagen, firming polysaccharides that help to smooth the skin, and jicima root juice, notable for its hydrating and nourishing properties. 
This gentle foaming cleanser lifts away dirt, oil and makeup without overdrying or aggravating even very sensitive skin. Formulated with ACTIVE NATURALS® CALMING FEVERFEW® , a natural ingredient related to chamomile, it helps reduce the appearance of redness and is gentle enough to use every day. It’s also fragrance free, soap free, noncomedogenic and hypoallergenic.
Anti - aging skincare that works in harmony with your skin to accelerate skin's natural renewal process, so your skin looks and feels fresher, younger and more vibrant. This advanced cleanser with natural shiitake complex and fine microbeads exfoliates surface cells to gently remove dull, dry skin that prevents younger, fresher cells from showing through. A pioneer in the study of natural ingredients for efficacious skin care, AVEENO® has captured the naturally active benefits of rejuvenating shiitake mushrooms, long believed to enhance vitality and slow the aging process.
This cream works day and night to leave skin with a more even tone and texture. Our unique formula infused with time release Vitamin C and Tourmaline gem helps even skin tone and recapture your skin’s clarity.
This oil-free lotion works to provide skin with an instant natural glow. It combines 48HR moisture with Broad Spectrum UVA/ UVB SPF 25 Protection. Our skin-softening formula is infused with the antioxidant Vitamin E and a lightweight-hydrating ingredient for moisture that feels clean & barely there.
CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, DIMETHICONE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, BORON NITRIDE, ISODODECANE, C30-45 ALKYL CETEARYL DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, CYCLOHEXASILOXANE, DIMETHICONE/VINYLTRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE CROSSPOLYMER, PHENOXYETHANOL, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, GLYCINE SOJA (SOYBEAN) OIL, MANGIFERA INDICA (MANGO) SEED BUTTER, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, CUCUMIS SATIVUS (CUCUMBER) FRUIT EXTRACT, BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163) IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77499) MICA (CI 77019) TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891).
MAC Lightly Tauped is a warm sheer with a pearl finish that is limited edition and retails for $21.00 and contains 0.50 oz.
Tom Ford Beauty Raw Jade that is limited edition and retails for $60.00 and contains 0.13 oz.
Enhance your natural lip color with BITE’s Butter Cream Lipstick. To achieve the creamiest lipstick, BITE developed a technique to hand cut each bullet, removing the outer waxy layer to expose each lipstick’s impossibly creamy core. Infused with five nourishing, aromatic butters, including lavender, shea, almond, pomegranate, and chamomile, this hand-cut and flat tipped bullet delivers portable, easy application in a range of universal, wearable nudes and neutrals that leave a silky finish. 
Sephora Contoured Eyelash Comb is a Tools that retails for $14.00.
Physician Formula's Argan Wear Blush is an ultra-luxe formula, which features luminous, light-reflecting pigments that deliver a skin perfecting effect for a youthful and glowing radiance. Infused with 100% Pure Argan Oil.
Burberry Beauty introduces Eye Colour, the new collection of single eyeshadows designed to be applied dry for a natural sweep of color or wet for a more intense result. Each Glow Eyeshadow features a gel-like texture, brightening reflective shades and a pure, crystal-clear finish to open the eye. Wear the individual shade alone or blend it together with another hue for infinite effects.
Discover the hydrating new formula of ROUGE COCO lip colour in 29 vibrant shades named for Coco Chanel and the friends, artists and lovers who inspired her. Five colour ranges celebrate her intimate circles. Every shade tells a story . . . a colourful expression of Mademoiselle’s life and legend. Find the shade you love.
Laura Mercier brings her artistry to an effortless fishnet-wrapped palette filled with eight eyeshadows, a weightless blush and a mascara to take you through the season and beyond.
NYX Coraline that is permanent and retails for $6.50 and contains 0.16 oz.
Featuring NARS’ exclusive Translucent Prismatic Technology, the newly-imagined formula allows for multi-dimensional effects with a uniquely weightless, luxurious texture. Six modern shade pairings curated by François Nars offer a universal spectrum of hues that works across all skintones. Sweeps on dry for a bold flush or wet for a translucent wash of color. Dry pigments impart a natural glow that warms the complexion and fuses weightlessly. Dampen NARS’ exclusive Wet/Dry Blush Brush before application for a watercolor effect—dab over the apples of the cheeks and swirl in a circular motion to paint on a subtle tint. 
NARS Adoration (Left) is a warm pink with a metallic finish that is permanent.
Perfect foursome going into Spring/Summer 2015. Pick your poison: Go from a soft pastel look to bright and playful, or a even sultry and mysterious if that’s what it takes to get the job done. Either way, you will be rebounding from winter (or whatever else may ail you) in the nick of time with this flirty foursome.
Lancome Spring 2015 Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Spring 2015 Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $58.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry Runway Palette is a Blush that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This brush is created especially for blending in foundation and blurring away skin imperfections. Medium domed brush head designed to blend evenly across all parts of your face. Pairs well with your favorite powder, liquid or cream foundation.
Christian Louboutin Beaute Nail Coffret is a Makeup Palette that retails for $90.00 and contains 0.60 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This brush is especially created to apply and blend makeup along all of the angles and curves of the face. Dense angled brush head is designed to seamlessly blend makeup into the skin, creating the look of definition. Pairs well with your favorite cream or powder. With a gentle sweeping motion, blend into skin. For contour and definition, turn to an angle.
Create glowing, otherworldly skin with this silky-effect powder. Brush over cheeks, forehead, and brow bones for a burst of pure light that is velvety-soft with an impeccable, long-lasting quality.
French designer André Courrèges had a vision of beauty as modern, futuristic, and cool as his clothes. Now Estée Lauder partners with the famed fashion house so you can create your own Courrèges look for today. The pink nude shade, Rosy Future, provides the perfect hint of color to lips or adds a touch of gloss when layered over lipstick. It comes with a high-shine, high-impact finish.
NARS Wet/Dry Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $42.00.
“I want to let the light into my clothes,” Courrèges would say of his preference for lucidity above all else, which has inspired this iridescent powder gelée. The innovative plastic orb applicator that houses a sensorial cream can be dotted onto cheeks for an allover polished glow or onto temples, cheekbones, and other high planes of the face for a concentrated highlight.
Estee Lauder Lip & Cheek Ball is a Blush that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The newest extension of the BECCA Shimmering Skin Perfector™ franchise, this formula features multi-toned, ultrafine pigment pearls that adjust to the skin’s natural undertones and accentuate the high points of the face with targeted shimmer. Liquid hydrators create a smooth, creamy finish and high color payoff. 
Fingertips will provide the highest amount of coverage. Brush suggestions: Use a flat synthetic cheek/ foundation brush or a short duo fiber brush; flat synthetic brush will give more coverage and the duo fiber brush will give a more sheer, air brushed effect. WHEN FINISHED: Close that sucker up tight! Don’t leave the jar opened for long periods of time; you may lose some of the magic that makes the Super Shock Cheek so amazzzing. Colour builds from natural- looking flushed looks to more intense bright looks. … Build to your heart’s desire!
Givenchy Tentation #1 is a warm green with a sparkle finish that is permanent.
Givenchy Tentation (7) that is permanent and retails for $58.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
Chanel L'Intemporel de Chanel Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Go filter flawless wherever you go with these portable, weightless finishing powders. Each one instantly brightens up your face: Sunrise provides diffused warmth, Totally Toasted bronzes with a smoothing glow, and Moon River brings a soft, ethereal glow to the skin. Formulated with Liquiplush Technology, they’re a unique powder-cream hybrid powder that are seamless to apply and leave the velvety texture of a cream for a flawless appearance. Get photo ready when you wear this powder alone or blended together for a customized, photo filter finish. 
Too Faced Selfie Powder is a Powder. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Look instantly slimmer, get lifted cheekbones, or sculpt your features like an A-list celebrity with the Too Faced Cocoa Contour Kit—only at Sephora. Perfect for wearing separately or blending together, this curated kit provides two essential sculpting shades, a matte highlighter, and a luminous light shade for a contoured look that stands out. Infused with the antioxidant-rich, cocoa complex, these powders layer together seamlessly and indulge you with a decadent chocolate scent. This kit features Too Faced's Contour Buki Brush for the most professional sculpting effect, and it includes its signature Glamour Guide with three contour looks to get you started. 
Too Faced Sculpting Powder is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Light Cocoa is a warm beige with a semi-matte finish that is permanent.
Designing your own unique eyes has never been easier thanks to Eyes on M∙A∙C. These well-edited Eyes Times Nine and Eyes Times Fifteen palettes feature colour-coordinated hues that offer countless combinations. Each palette provides an array of textures for both day and night. All are packaged in a convenient compact for easy portability. Eye Shadow x 9 Value: $53 Eye Shadow x 15 Value: $160
MAC Blitz & Glitz is a warm black with a pearl finish that is permanent and retails for $16.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
MAC Lip Palette x6 is a Lip Palette that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Amp up your look with our High Voltage lipstick! Each of the 22 dramatic shades is infused with vibrant color with a super-rich finish!
Mineral Oil / Paraffinum Liquidum / Huile Minérale, Polyisobutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Beeswax / Cera Alba / Cire d'Abeille, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Microcrystalline Wax / Cera Microcristallina / Cire Microcristalline, Polyethylene, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Paraffin, Barium Sulfate (CI 77120), Alumina, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance / Parfum, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
Burberry Pale Barley (102) is a warm taupe with a pearl finish that is permanent and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.06 oz.
Colour Pop Super Shock Pressed Pigment Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $5.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Super Shock Shadow Duo is a Eye Palette that retails for $5.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Spring 2015 Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Introducing the next innovation in lip color – Melted Metal is liquified metallic lipstick in a tube. We’ve taken the 90’s foiled statement lip and reinvented it with the lustrous look of liquified metal; creating a new form of wearable multifaceted color like you’ve never seen before. Melted Metal comfortably coats lips in bursts of rich, glazed, metallic color that melts on and makes a statement.
These duo shades deliver sunkissed radiance to the skin. The warm, natural tone creates a subtle, sunny glow, while the vibrant pop of color revitalizes the complexion. The silky formula feels comfortable and looks seamless on skin, leaving a soft satin finish. The powder’s unique fragrance is a joyful blend of bergamont and mandarin blended with sunny, feminine notes of gardenia—and the woody, vanilla notes offer a hint of mystery. 
A twist-up lip color that provides a luxe alternative to lipstick and a sheer to medium finish. 
This Artistique Eyeshadow refill is designed for use with the Surratt Beauty Customizable Palette. Achieve a variety of eye effects, from a sheer wash of color to rich, saturated eye looks. Infused with an exclusive Japanese slurry formula, these shadows can be applied wet or dry.

This refined shimmer lip formula features a sheer, non-sticky gloss that builds intensity with each coat. Its silicone-flocked spatula tip ensures that color is applied with precision. 
Surratt Beauty Moderniste Lip Pencil is a Lip Liner that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.01 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smoky eyes demystified. This creamy liner is paired with blendable shadow for smoldering, seductive shade combinations. With an ingenious double-sided design, you can create a stunning all-in-one smoky eye.
Saturate lips with this suede-like formula’s moisturizing matte color. This nourishing, feather-light lip crayon is long-lasting so you can confidently wear your go-to red shade.
Little brush, big difference. Pointilliste Mascara features a Japanese tubing formula and a sleek, exacting mini brush for precise lower lash application. It accentuates eyes without adding bulk—minus the soot or fallout—for a beautiful, head-turning finish.
Auto-Graphique Eyeliner features a smooth, inky black formula that delivers a clean, sharp, long-lasting finish. Featuring a rechargeable ink cartridge, the calligraphy-style brush allows for simple, precise application.
This Surratt Artistique Cheek Brush seamlessly applies blush, shading, or highlight color. With its unique Japanese handcrafted design and pom-pom-shaped bristles, it’s perfect for creating an ethereal glow.
Precisely sweep on face powders with this brush’s whisper soft strokes. With its unique Japanese handcrafted design and optimum shape, it’s ideal for finishing off any makeup look.
Create an incandescent glow with the Surratt Artistique Highlight Brush. With its unique Japanese handcrafted design, it’s perfect for applying color on top of the cheekbones.
Sweep on complexion powders, bronzers, blushes, and more with the Surratt Artistique Sculpting Brush. It features a unique, Japanese design, and it’s perfect for enhancing sculpting and shaping techniques.
Brush on any smoky eye look—from softly hazy to intense—with this easy-to-use brush. It features a unique, Japanese handcrafted design, and its elongated shape is perfect for creating elegantly diffused and shaded looks with minimal effort.
Brush on any smoky eye look—from softly hazy to intense—with this easy-to-use brush. It features a unique, Japanese handcrafted design, and its elongated shape is perfect for creating elegantly diffused and shaded looks with minimal effort.
Brush on any smoky eye look—from softly hazy to intense—with this easy-to-use brush. It features a unique, Japanese handcrafted design, and its elongated shape is perfect for creating elegantly diffused and shaded looks with minimal effort.
This dome-shaped shadow brush lets you create definition or lay down washes of color. It features a unique, Japanese handcrafted design, and it’s seamless for applying and layering on your favorite eye shades.
This dome-shaped shadow brush lets you create definition or lay down washes of color. It features a unique, Japanese handcrafted design, and it’s seamless for applying and layering on your favorite eye shades.
This dome-shaped shadow brush lets you create definition or lay down washes of color. It features a unique, Japanese handcrafted design, and it’s seamless for applying and layering on your favorite eye shades.
This concealer brush is ideal for blending concealer underneath eyes and covering up blemishes and other imperfections. It features a unique Japanese handcrafted design with bristles that are ultrasoft and apply just the right amount of coverage.
This concealer brush is ideal for blending concealer underneath eyes and covering up blemishes and other imperfections. It features a unique Japanese handcrafted design with bristles that are ultrasoft and apply just the right amount of coverage.
The Relevée Lash Curler creates lustrous, stunning lashes like never before. Featuring a Japanese hand-calibrated, ergonomic design that requires less pressure on lashes, this must-have curler beautifully lifts, curls, and lengthens the look of lashes.
Spotlight on eyes, cheeks, and lips. NARS' glowing virtuoso heightens the scene at every twist with a new, multipurpose sheen—the highlight of the show.
We’ve all seen what happens when bad blush happens to good people, and it isn’t pretty. But you don’t need crazy skills to fake the perfect flush; you just need the right product. Urban Decay introduces Afterglow 8-Hour Powder Blush—the foolproof way to create that effortless, radiant look. Just a few quick swipes of Afterglow gives you the kind of easy, sexy, lit-from-within glow that makes people wonder if you spent the whole weekend in a secret love den. The best part? Much like the lingering effects of a romantic rendezvous, Afterglow won’t quit. Our extremely blendable, finely milled formula goes on sheer and provides eight long hours of wearable, buildable color. And wait until you feel it! Lightweight yet luxurious, Afterglow has a soft, creamy texture that always applies beautifully. The lineup: a dozen scintillating shades…some with a matte finish, and others with a hint of shimmer.
This high-coverage, ultra-pigmented formula lays down all the color you crave in one coat. Choose from 14 lust-worthy shades in both cream and sparkle textures. With gorgeous nudes, bold brights and deep, dark shades, our lineup contains something for everyone. From longstanding UD favorites (like 69, Big Bang, Punch Drunk and Apocalypse) to never-before-seen shades destined for cult status, Revolution Lipgloss has all your high-impact gloss needs covered. You’ve never seen insanely intense color like Revolution Lipgloss. The perfect counterpoint to Naked Lipgloss, this is how UD does a colorful gloss: bright, pigment-rich shades in a formula that feels amazing on your lips.
Bite Beauty Lipgloss Library is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.60 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bite Beauty Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Flaunt a killer line every time with Ink Liner. The innovative, no-fray marker tip holds the maximum level of formula, giving you bold lines with instant color lay-down and stunning intensity. Remarkably easy to use, the felt tip applicator provides total control for effortless eye lining. Rock your look around the clock with this waterproof long-wearing formula that delivers a fade and run-resistant finish. For effortless drama, put it in ink.
Kat Von D’s Lightning Liner gives eyes bold, metallic color. Featuring an innovative precision brush tip and vivid shimmering pigments, the click-activated pen dispenses just the right amount of formula, giving you ultimate lining control and fresh application every time. The ultrafine flexible bristles easily move across the lash line, contouring to the eye shape to create a variety of looks—from thin to bold—that last throughout the day. 
This unique, dual-ended eye shadow brush is designed just for eye contouring—a groundbreaking technique once used only by makeup pros to define and enhance eyes. The tapered Shade end is uniquely shaped to precisely sweep on shadow exactly where you want it, while the Light end blends and softens product without removing pigment—creating a natural-looking, contoured eye look.
This brush’s ultra-soft synthetic bristles feature gradient white tips to expertly blend and disperse high-pigment shadows. Specially-designed by Kat Von D for use with the Shade + Light Eye Contour Palette, the brush includes a sleek, hard casket case to keep your brush protected at home or while on the go. 
Discover the makeup artist’s secret to a naturally gorgeous face: sculpted, architectural brows. It took Kat Von D five years to finalize the formula in a range of long-wear, natural-looking shades that won't fade or discolor. This innovative, buildable liquid brow liner is inspired by the bestselling Tattoo Eyeliner. A compact brush tip imparts optimum control and precision so you can define arches with a multitude of looks—from a natural shape to Kat Von D’s signature dramatic arches. 
Marc Jacobs considers brow grooming to be an essential step in his morning ritual. Enhance your arches with this innovative, long-lasting pencil that provides definition and shaping. Its ultra-fine 1.5mm precision tip, created with advanced hot-and-cold technology for an unbreakable pencil, delivers hair-by-hair, buildable definition. For a refined look, brush and blend your brows with the built-in grooming brush. 
Marc Jacobs Beauty Enamored Hi-Shine Nail Lacquer is a Nail Lacquer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This chic palette includes a liner with a lid, crease, and highlighter eye shadows to play up your glamorous stare—from work day to evening on the town looks. These warm, flattering eye and cheek shades features six never-before-seen shadows, a full-size blush, and a highlighter/bronzer duo that’s perfect for creating camera-ready looks. Infused with tarte’s iconic Amazonian clay, each fade-free, blendable formula is inspired by the glitz and glam of Hollywood and is perfect for camera-ready makeup looks. 
This next-generation collector’s eye and cheek palette features an Amazonian clay-infused, glistening blush in a golden peachy pink shade for the perfect, everyday glow. Explore an array of neutral, matte eye shades and create custom, blended, warm looks that mirror a summer sunset. Great for use as a liner to accentuate the eyes or on the lids, in the eye crease, and to highlight, each of these versatile hues gives you a reason to celebrate the sunny season. Amazonian clay balances and nourishes skin on the lids and cheeks—imparting a fresh, glowing look for dewy summer mornings to starry evenings.
Colour Pop Lip & Cheek Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Cream Cheek Color is a Blush that retails for $68.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This two-tiered eye color pairs two coveted formulas in one to create a lustrous and sexy summertime eye. The ultra-pigmented, metallic cream shadow glides onto lids with a rich, molten glow and the sparkling celestial powder intensifies the look with alluring shimmer.
Transform your eyes through the art of contouring. After tapping into makeup pro secrets, Kat Von D created this first-of-its-kind eye shadow palette. It’s specially-designed for eye contouring, a groundbreaking technique once used only by beauty experts to define and enhance eyes. This palette features a gorgeous, versatile array of true contouring shades, arranged into three color quads—neutral, cool, and warm—to flatter every skintone.
Three large base shadows are arranged above three coordinating powders for contouring, defining, and highlighting. The palette includes an easy-to-follow contouring guide with step-by-step instructions for creating three different eye-opening techniques. Each velvety powder is blendable and buildable, and it features Kat Von D’s signature high-pigment, long-wear eye shadow formula, created to deliver rich color that lasts all day and all night.

Achieve a polished, glowing look with this chic, eye and cheek palette, featuring eight all-new, wearable eyeshadows, along with a trio of warm, complexion-flattering blushes and a bronzer. The exclusive palette includes a blend of liner, lid, crease, and highlighting shadows, empowering you to play up your look from daytime to playtime. Infused with tarte’s breakthrough ingredient Amazonian clay, each formula creates for better, longer, and truer wear and comes in a pretty, ultra-thin palette that’s easily versatile—taking your makeup looks from brunch to the office. 
Achieve a polished, glowing look with this chic, eye and cheek palette, featuring eight all-new, wearable eyeshadows, along with a trio of warm, complexion-flattering blushes and a bronzer. The exclusive palette includes a blend of liner, lid, crease, and highlighting shadows, empowering you to play up your look from daytime to playtime. Infused with tarte’s breakthrough ingredient Amazonian clay, each formula creates for better, longer, and truer wear and comes in a pretty, ultra-thin palette that’s easily versatile—taking your makeup looks from brunch to the office. 
Yves Saint Laurent Full Metal Shadow is the brand's first metallic-color liquid eyeshadow. Its pigment-packed formula lasts up to 16 hours without creasing, flaking or fading and contains 40% water for a cooling effect and pure color payoff. An exclusive applicator allows you to create three signature looks, including a full lid, just the line or a graphic eye.
Enamored Hi-Shine Lip Lacquer delivers maximum color and brilliance with its unique Triple Shine Complex, a blend of high-performance ingredients that provide unstoppable wear and shine like “30 coats of lacquer.” This mint-scented gloss features a profusion of creamy pinks, shimmering lavenders, and iridescent brights that give lips a lush look with lasting color and unbelievable shine.
Becca Ombre Nudes #4 is a warm brown with a matte finish that is permanent.
Sculpt, widen, and brighten your eyes with Ombre Rouge Eye Palette. Matte shades provide pigment-rich tones to effortlessly create a variety of looks that go from subtle to bold. These shadows are infused with green coffee oil, which awakens the eyes and smooth the lids, while a built-in priming effect extends the wear of your shadow. With warm and cool undertones that are ideal for all skintones, this palette’s versatile formula can be used wet or dry as an eyeliner. 
Impart vivid color and stunning shine with this innovative gloss formula. This non-sticky formula goes on smoothly, and its pigments are packed with Plexi Color Technology, delivering five-hour color impact while 360-degree, reflective shine beads maximize shine. The exclusive, artist-designed Superflex Applicator features a lip-hugging shape that allows for precision and control, and the super-loaded split-tip has a unique contour to sweep on the ideal amount of lip lacquer in pearly and non-pearly finishes.
This covetable lip collection breaks the mold of traditional nude lipstick. Its innovative gel formula glides effortlessly over lips, laying down subtle shades and a sleek shine finish with a delicate vanilla scent. Velvet-like monoi butter, derived from the tropical tiaré flower, delivers supreme moisture while nourishing myrrh extract and antioxidant vitamin E minimize the appearance of aging — including vertical fine lines.
Sweep on a glowing look with this silky powder, formulated to create a lit-from-within radiance. Enriched with Argan oil, which provides nourishment to the skin, its champagne hue mirrors the natural radiance of healthy skin. The ultra-creamy powder is infused with madonna lily and poet’s narcissus to help brighten, and it sits lightly on the skin, leaving a wash of radiance. 
Bring a glowing look to the skin with Argan Enlightenment Illuminizer. Enriched with Argan oil, which provides nourishment to the skin, its champagne hue mirrors the natural, radiant look of healthy skin. It’s infused with madonna lily, a pure white blossom, and poet’s narcissus, an ancient daffodil, which work together to brighten and even your skintone. Skin looks instantly radiant when you use this versatile liquid illuminizer alone, or mix it with foundation, moisturizer, or oil for a lit-from-within glow. 
The Argan Enlightenment Illuminizing Wand brings your inner glow to the surface of your skin, diffusing and reflecting light to create a soft-focus, radiant effect. Argan oil and shea butter bring ultimate nourishment to the skin, while the Enlightenment hue mimics the natural radiance of healthy skin. Madonna lily and poet’s narcissus help to brighten, leaving skin looking radiant and refreshed. Its twist-up, propel/repel packaging is convenient and portable for quick, on-the-go use. Apply this illuminating formula to the inner corner of the eyes, under the brows, cheekbones, bridge of nose, cupid’s bow, and more to lift, define, and highlight. 
A delightfully fresh and creamy eye shadow whose waterproof formula guarantees unfailing wear. Using its foam applicator or with fingers, the formula can practically be applied with closed eyes!
MAC Studio Sculpt Defining Bronzing Powder is a Bronzer that retails for $35.50. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Wash & Dry Makeup Bag is a Tools that retails for $35.00.
MAC 125SE Split Fibre Dense Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $35.00.
MAC 126SE Split Fibre Large Face Brush is a Brush that retails for $48.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-04 Highlighting Brush is a Brush that retails for $64.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-08 Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $32.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-11 Shadow/Liner Brush is a Brush that retails for $19.00.
Chikuhodo GSN-16 Lip Brush is a Brush that retails for $25.00.
Real Techniques #100 Arched Powder Brush is a Brush that retails for $64.00 and contains 25.99 oz.
Real Techniques #200 Oval Shadow Brush is a Brush that retails for $32.00 and contains 15.99 oz.
Real Techniques #201 Pointed Crease Brush is a Brush that retails for $19.00 and contains 15.99 oz.
Real Techniques #202 Angled Liner Brush is a Brush that retails for $19.00 and contains 15.99 oz.
Real Techniques #300 Tapered Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $64.00 and contains 23.99 oz.
Real Techniques #301 Flat Contour Brush is a Brush that retails for $64.00 and contains 25.99 oz.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Pink Diamond (326) is a warm pink with a frost finish that is discontinued and retails for $28.00 and contains 0.16 oz.
Brush 04 is a medium sized crease brush. It is perfect for detail work, like getting into the creases of smaller, more hooded eyes and concealing undereye bags. It’s large enough for highlighting and contouring, too.
Brush 03 is the largest of the brushes in The Collection designed for the crease and ideal for applying shadow to the lids, as well as highlighting the nose.
Wayne Goss Brush 18 is a Brush that retails for $26.00.
Brush 05 is the smallest of the crease brushes in Wayne Goss, the Collection. An all-star for the tricky task of smudging kohl products along the upper lids or into the creases. Its soft bristles let you get really close to the lashline without irritating the eyes.
Wayne Goss Brush 19 is a Brush that retails for $27.00.
Inspired by the best-selling Brush 02, this brush’s tapered tip makes highlighting and bronzing with creams, liquids, and powders easier than ever before.
Transform your skin into smooth, poreless perfection with this fluffy brush—Wayne’s go-to for his popular buffing technique.
Brush 02 is soft enough for applying any powder product – like bronzer, blush, or highlighter – over foundation without disturbing it. The natural, un-cut, tapered hairs provide seamless application when applying products such as bronzer, blush, or highlighter.
Add a sheer wash of color with this brush’s feather-light bristles. It gently sweeps on pigmented blushes for a subtle, barely-there flush.
From foundation to setting powder, Brush 13 truly does it all. Use it to buff liquid foundation into the skin for a flawless, airbrushed finish.
Wayne Goss Brush 17 is a Brush that retails for $32.00.
Take the guesswork out of sculpting and shaping the curves of your face with this brush’s unique angled shape.
Precise powdering, hairline contouring, and draping with blush are just a few of the techniques you’ll master with this fan brush.
Fleur de Portofino creates a crisp and bright floral accord from this bloom, then surrounds it with effervescent citrus and acacia honey. The fragrance creates an effect of sheer floral possession that is incomparably hypnotic and extremely bold. 
Guerlain has reinterpreted the single eyeshadow, an essential must-have for everyday wear. Two finishes – matte or metallic – , equally seductive and indispensable shades. Incorporating Guerlain Last ever technology, the pigments are coated in a gel to stay all day long without settling into creases or fine lines, while ensuring optimal comfort. A must-have collection to use to your heart’s content and collect with abandon!
Captivate the room in just one glance with my Eyes To Mesmerise Cream Eye Shadow pots – a clever cream-to-sheen formula that creates maximum impact with minimum effort. Simply add a sheer wash of color with your fingertip for a flattering finish for day, or add drama for evening by applying with my Eye Blender Brush for high-impact, high-shine lids. It’s the ultimate foolproof product and forms part of my One-Minute No-Mirror Makeup.
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Polybutene, Tridecyl Neopentanoate, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Caprylyl Glycol, Flavor, Tocopheryl Acetate, Mica (Ci 77019), Bronze Powder (Ci 77400), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77499), Silica, Carmine (Ci 75470), Red 6 Lake (Ci 15850), Red 28 Lake (Ci 45410).
Dive right into theBalm's latest sun-kissed must-have...Balm Desert®. This blush and bronzer is specially formulated to be long-wearing and fade-resistant. Pair Balm Desert with a smokey eye and a colorful lip to really heat things up.
Charlotte Tilbury Beach Stick is a Blush that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Housed in a cannage case, Nude Tan Tie Dye Blush reveals a harmony of shades for your cheeks to give them the perfect sunny glow.
Colour Pop Super Shock Cheek Bronzer is a Bronzer that retails for $8.00 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Sundays in Silverlake retails for $30.00 and contains 0.21 oz.
A lip gloss with a light-reflecting plumped shine inspired by gel nail polishes. 
Pro Bronze Fusion's unique formula allows you to sweep on a sunkissed radiance. Let skin impart a summer glow with a natural-looking, radiant finish that never looks powdery. Skin will appear healthy and glowing when you brush on this long lasting, waterproof bronzer that blends on like a second skin. For best results, apply with the 136 Pro Bronze Kabuki Brush.

Colour Pop Mondays in Malibu that is limited edition and retails for $30.00 and contains 0.35 oz.
Subtly shape and brighten lips with precision with lip color’s pen-like applicator, which dispenses just the right amount. Formulated like a liquid balm, this gloss is infused with Dior’s exclusive trio of lip care oils and a complex that pairs vitamin E with a plumping active ingredient known for supporting reactivated collagen synthesis. These luxe lip colors offer an array of timeless couture shades that provide flawless definition.
Benefit Box o' Powder Duo is a Cheek Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Box o' Powder is a Blush that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Take your lip looks to a whole new level with Pure Color Envy Shine Sculpting Shine Lipstick. Full of saturated color and shine that illuminates lips in one stroke, it features multi-faceted pigments that create definition—making lips appear beautifully shaped, sculpted, and curvaceous. This lipstick’s creamy texture glides on smoothly and gives even coverage, and it is formulated with time-released Moisture Complex, which works to capture and seal in hydration that lasts throughout the day. Housed in a luxe case, this lipstick’s has a slim shape that's designed to highlight the curves of your lips.
Benefit 10 (Ten) .
Illuminate your natural beauty! This innovative hybrid texture applies like a sheer powder but feels like a cream, creating a translucent wash of luminous color that can be swept all over the face for a lit-from-within glow. A fresh 3-D design captures the look of our favorite Italian dessert, and lasts until the very last application. 
bareMinerals Spring 2015 Eye & Cheek Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.51 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins 6-Colour Eye Palette Long Lasting is a Eye Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins Wet & Dry Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Luxurious yet weightless formula merges bold, saturated colour with a smoothing primer. Glides on effortlessly to a modern-velvet finish. Colour stays true, keeps lips comfortably moisturized for 8 hours. Allergy Tested. 100% Fragrance Free.
The formulation of the eyeshadows is enriched with vitamin E and is 100% free of parabens, mineral oils, perfume and phthalates. Made in Italy.
Talc, Zinc Stearate, Mica, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polybutene, Octyldodecanol, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Lauroyl Lysine, Dehydroacetic Acid, [+/- CI 77499 (Iron Oxide), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77491 (Iron Oxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxide), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide)].
The Creamy Mattes by Colorsesnsational deliver a burst of bold color and a surge of creamy texture for the creamiest matte in 20 make-a-statement shades
Featuring primer-infused technology to help keep color locked in place, this Single Eyeshadow Refill has a powerfully-pigmented formula that glides onto lids—delivering intense payoff with an ultra-luxe, powder-to-silk feel. And with finishes ranging from plush matte to shimmering metallic to sparkle and duo-chrome, each shade offers eye-catching possibilities. Explore this spectrum of 40 eyeshadow shades to endlessly mix and match. Simply choose to customize a refillable six-shade palette with Buxom's Empty Customizable Eyeshadow Palette, or store a shade in our Empty Single Eyeshadow Compact. 
We interpreted the sublimely haunting beauty of this powder and released it here for you. Feather-light and creamy, to softly stroke your skin with pearly velvet light from dusk till dawn. A natural, even and radiant look is yours, while the tiny dazzling micro-particles add teasingly shimmering twinkles. Let the firelight in, to accentuate cheeks, arms, legs... anywhere you dare to bare. With such a bewitching halo about you, those who lay their head upon your warm lap may not want it back. This radiant powder, enriched with exquisite anti-aging benefits for a firmer and healthier skin, feels like a gossamer sweep of creamy silk. The powder’s miraculous “blurring” finish and smoothing effect instantly transform your complexion – your personal secret to perfect, clear, porcelain-like skin. New generation pigments create a lasting flawless, luminous coverage and a unique blendability. State-of-the-art technologies in powder treatment and coating make for the superb smoothing properties, delightful skin feel and comfort. The exclusive Aglianico Grape Marc Extract is added to boost natural anti-aging and healing skin processes such as detoxification and synthesis of hyaluronic acid, type I and type III collagen.
Discover a new powder eye shadow with an astonishing lightweight, creamy touch and unprecedented adherence. This formula creates pure dynamic iridescence while it maintains second skin effect. It has extended 8-hour wear that will stay perfect and look freshly applied all day.
LORAC Pro Contour Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.74 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Highlight Powder is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Pro Contour Brush is a Brush.
Silky, ultra-fine powder that adds bronzing glow to the skin.
Instantly transform your eyes with the LORAC Alter Ego Eye Shadow Palette in DREAM GIRL. This irresistible, vibrant palette is loaded with an array of fun, flirty and wearable shades to keep him in awe. Whether you’re a GIRL NEXT DOOR by day or a DREAM GIRL by night, you can achieve any look you desire with this dreamy blend of shades. Embrace your every identity and dress up your eyes with LORAC!
A lipstick with a satin, matte finish that delivers full coverage in one coat. Bésame Cosmetics’ Classic Color Lipsticks feature retro-inspired, smooth lip colors that provide a budge-proof finish that stays put, while the angled design offers precise application. Each lasting color is inspired by the shades worn by coveted Hollywood starlets of the ‘20s, ‘30s, ‘40s, and ‘50s, imparting an iconic, satin meets matte lip look. The formula is packed with macadamia oil, vitamin C, chamomile, and aloe to leave lips feeling soft and hydrated. 
Feel the fever with glitter-streaked Dazzleshadow in riotous hues. The rich, stay-true pigments adhere to the lid with minimal fallout, imparting eyes with a beautiful, twinkling sheen. The creamy, talc-free formula delivers a texture that's the perfect union of cream and powder, creating a multidimensional, reflective surface that leaves lids looking dazzling yet delicate.
TALC, MICA, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE/STÉARATE DE STÉAROYLE DʼOCTYDODÉCYLE, DOLOMITE, ZINC STEARATE/ STEARATE DE ZINC, MAGNESITE, ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE/ HYDROXIDE DʼALUMINIUM, SILICA/ SILICE. (+/- MAY CONTAIN/PEUT CONTENIR: TIN OXIDE/ OXYDE D'ETAIN CI 77861, TITANIUM DIOXIDE/ DIOXYDE DE TITANE CI 77891, IRON OXIDES/OXYDES DE FER CI 77491/77492/77499, RED/ ROUGE 40 CI 16035, CARMINE/ CARMIN CI 75470, BLACK/NOIR 2 CI 77266, FERRIC FERROCYANIDE/FERROCYANURE FERRIQUE CI 77510, MANGANESE VIOLET CI 77742, ULTRAMARINE BLUE/ BLEU ULTRAMARINE CI 77007).
Viseart Beige is a warm peach with a matte finish that is permanent.
MAC 137 Long Blending Brush is a Brush that retails for $42.00.
MAC 267 Curved Angle Brush is a Brush that retails for $24.00.
Viseart Blusher & Skin Powder Corrector Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $80.00 and contains 0.84 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Viseart Blusher / Skin Powder Corrector is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC 221 Mini Tapered Blending Brush is a Brush that retails for $24.00.
Mouth off in style. Le Rouge-À-Porter’s ultra-sensorial, hydrating formula coats lips with brilliant pops of color. This lipstick comes in a wide array of shades, from ultra-nude to sophisticated, and its genuine leather case adds a touch of chic. Formulated with hyaluronic acid, it protects the lips while leaving a subtle, shiny finish. 
Go PRO with LORAC PRO Metal Palette! Created by celebrity makeup artist Carol Shaw, this limited edition PRO artistry palette is packed with 8 Eye Shadows in all the metallic shades you need to create the hottest looks straight from the Red Carpet. LORAC'S velvety-smooth shadows are infused with soothing botanicals and are ultra-pigmented to perform wet or dry so you can shade, shadow, line and define your eyes, just like a PRO.
Smashbox’s #SHAPEMATTERS Palette allows you to reshape your makeup looks: sculpt cheekbones, perfect your nose, create an arched brow, and enhance your eyes with a bold wash of shadow. Allow the #SHAPEMATTERS inserts, which provide basic shaping steps, guide you to a whole new look. This kit features an array of contouring powders so you can easily emphasize focal points, including the eyes and brows. The face contouring powders are known for their foolproof formulas, and the Photo Op Eye Shadows have won awards for their seamless blendability. Refine and set arches with the Brow Tech Powders and Wax, and then use the included Double-Ended Shadow/Brow Brush to elevate eyes; use one side for brows and the other plush side to sweep on eye shadow. 
Smashbox Brow Tech Powder is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Tulle is a warm plum with a matte finish that is permanent and retails for $6.50 and contains 0.11 oz.
Smashbox Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Stripped is a warm orange with a satin finish that is permanent.
The ultimate in luminosity! L'Oréal introduces its first liquid highlighter specifically designed to enhance key features or illuminate all-over. True Match Lumi Liquid Glow Illuminator enhances all skintones and undertones. Ice enhances pink or blue tones. Rose enhances yellow, peachy, pink or blue tones. Golden enhances peachy or yellow tones.
The ultimate in luminosity! L'Oréal introduces its first powder highlighter specifically designed to enhance key features or illuminate all-over. True Match Lumi Powder Glow Illuminator enhances all skintones and undertones. Ice enhances pink or blue tones. Rose enhances yellow, peachy, pink or blue tones. Golden enhances peachy or yellow tones.
Maybelline's Baby Lips Moisturizing Lip Gloss is 0% sticky with a new, non-sticky way to shine. Caring oils moisturize, smooth, and soften for 4 hours of moisture so lips never feel dry.
Define your features like a pro with our refillable highlight and contour palette! Each set includes eight customizable highlighting and contouring shades perfect for emphasizing your favorite features. 
Live in a world of kaleidoscope color with our Prismatic Shadows. Mix and match any of these 12 brilliant metallic shades to achieve a fun, stunning eye look in seconds.
Create your own love story with endless, passionately pretty eye looks. Our love-worthy eye collection features fifteen silky shadows in shimmer, pearl and matte finishes. Innovative slurry powder technology creates velvety, smooth and soft pigments that offer multidimensional, intense color payoff. From flirtatious neutrals to romantic pinks and passionate emeralds, this palette allows you to create limitless looks that anyone will fall head over heels for.
Too Faced Love Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The secret of this iconic Maestro formula is no water or white powder. Instead, it contains five non-comedogenic oils, including white lotus oil, which gradually evaporate upon application and leave you with a “no makeup feel.” The ultra-fine oil-pigments suspension enhances the skin and is enriched with finely milled micro-pearls for liquid summer bronzer and essential concentrated pigments for fusion blush. For optimal results, use a single drop of the highly pigmented blush formula.
Bite’s unique matte creme formula containing a mix of pigments and powders and Japanese silica leaves lips with a velvet, soft-focus finish. Infused with Blueberry and Cranberry seed oils, this antioxidant packed formula boasts highly pigmented, moisturizing wearable color. These longwearing, dramatic, and regal hues are made with organic fruit butters for a creamy and lush, never drying, matte wash of bold berry colour.
For Fall 2015, NARS Cosmetics introduces every NARSissist’s eye essential – smoky, subtle, minky, bold – the combinations are endless. The limited-edition eye kit features a compact of six shadows ranging from pale lilac to smoky charcoal, a mini Via De’Martelli Larger Than Life® Eyeliner and a newly designed travel size Wide Contour Brush #43 for easy application on the go. It’s neutrals worth noticing.
New Velvet Shadow Stick draws, defines, layers and intensifies with range and versatility. Glides across eyes smoothly in a new sleek propel/repel component. High impact with a velvety matte finish Glides smoothly Long-wearing & crease-proof
From day to night, these eight eye shades take looks from work day to evening. Featuring four matte and four shimmer shadows, this palette includes the mini Night Series Eyeliner in a Night Clubbing—a standout, black shade with gold pearls for head-turning looks.
Whether you’re at the office or hitting the town, get stand-eyes with these seven ultra-silky, long-wearing eye shadows. This palette’s expertly coordinated shades boost eye looks for work and weekend in three easy steps. Start by sweeping on the universal base shade, and then boost your work looks with a chic, classic neutral. Then get ready for the weekend in soft plums or head-turning smoky hues. With a step-by-step guide for each look, this palette has everything you need for perfectly-portable, effortless glamour that lasts for 12 hours. 
Photo editing software is a huge trend in social media for that picture-perfect, professionally lit look. These palettes were inspired by popular photo filters, putting a fun spin on the technological trend. The Overcast palette contains cool, breezy tones for more smoky looks, while the Sunbleached palette includes soft, light-filled shades. Each features brand-new hues, as well as a few bestselling colorful shades. The packaging showcases gorgeous artwork and each includes a large mirror. 
Urban Decay Bittersweet is a warm purple with a satin finish that is discontinued and retails for $22.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
MAC Lip Trio is a Lip Palette that retails for $29.50. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bite Beauty Crème Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bite Beauty Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Terracotta Terre d’Été Tan-Enhancing Bronzer is a limited-edition formula featuring two shades that come together to warm all skin tones with an exceptionally natural-looking radiant glow and adapts seamlessly to a developing tan for the face and décolletage. It's deliciously scented with a note of tiare flower and is housed in a mirrored compact.
This innovative, natural formula smooths, nourishes, and moisturizes lips with a bio-active blend of organic agave nectar, jojoba oil, vanilla CO2 extract, and triple the amount of antioxidant trans-resveratrol found in red wine. 
NARS Fall 2015 Gifting Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Fall 2015 Lip Pencil Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A juicy way to love your lips! Infused with Vitamin E, Love Me Dew features an ultra-hydrating, healing formula with a luxurious balm-like texture. Shiny color wears comfortably—never dry or sticky! This convenient chubby stick never needs sharpening and is perfect for touch-ups on the go.
Laura Geller Love Me Dew Lip Crayon is a Lipstick. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This luscious pencil features a creamy gel formula that glides on for a modern matte finish. The waterproof formula will never smudge or fade. 
The fresh 3-D design captures the look of this decadent frozen treat, and lasts until the very last application! The innovative hybrid texture applies like a powder but feels like a cream, creating translucent, vibrant color for a flirty, natural-looking flush.
Bring an energetic look to eyes and cheeks with tarte’s clay-infused eye and cheek palette, featuring eight gorgeous eye shadows in neutral, plum, and smoky hues. Then amp up your makeup look with the versatile eye and cheek highlighter and go softly flushed with the warm, neutral blush—each infused with tarte’s iconic Amazonian clay and encased in a chic palette. Use the included step-by-step guide to learn how to create the “Everyday Energy” and “Nighttime Noir” looks. 
NARS Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A creamy, blendable eye shadow that delivers an effortless wash of luminising colour. The cushion-soft, lightweight cream eye shadow glides across the skin to deliver illuminating colour that can be easily blended to create a bespoke finish. The long-lasting, crease-free formula can be worn alone to add tone, depth and shadow or combined for a more dramatic result. Using the unique, flat-angled brush, it can also be applied as an eyeliner along the upper or lower lash line.
Bring a shock of metallic color to eyes. Kat Von D’s proprietary formula features Color-Soaked Concentrate™, the result of a technique in which pigment-saturated powders undergo a unique tumbling process that softens and smooths each particle until shadow is creamy and lustrous—leaving behind the highest possible levels of pigment and pearl in this ultra long-wear shadow. With a polished metal finish and 11 striking shades, Metal Crush Eyeshadow glides smoothly across the lids, saturating them with beautiful metallic pigment. 
Pure Color Envy Matte Lipsticks are formulated with Advanced True Vision™ Technology, which combines multifaceted pigments and refined mattifying powders to provide rich saturated color that feels luxuriously comfortable. Intensely mattified color gives lips a bolder, visibly fuller, defined curvaceous look.
A collection of long-lasting buildable blushes, highlighters, bronzers, and contour shades. These blushes are available in an extended range of shades, including colors made to contour, highlight, and add the perfect blush to your cheeks. The ultra-sheer texture blends perfectly into the skin without caking, allowing for buildable intensity of color. Designed to be worn alone or layered together for more depth, these blushes provide a healthy glow that flatters any skin tone. With finishes ranging from matte to satin to shimmer, this collection allows you to customize an endless possibility of fresh-faced looks. 
A lightweight gel lipstick with bold, one-stroke color in matte and satin finishes. Swipe lips with this vividly graphic, ultra-bold lipstick. It delivers intensely pigmented, one-stroke color in an ultra-lightweight gel formula. Featuring moisturizing matte and satin finishes, it leaves lips with a modern, daring look. 
The essence of color: one palette, four shades. Create, have fun and dare to wear color as an accessory. These palettes were specifically designed to be used together and can be mixed, matched and blended with no fear of mistakes. Application is extremely simple, intuitive, fun and risk-free! Choose your range: each palette offers iridescent, matte, satin and metallic shadows.
Charlotte Tilbury Dreamy Glow Highlighter retails for $32.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Charlotte created the Colour of Youth blusher as part of the Charlotte Tilbury x Norman Parkinson collection. It is the colour of love, youth, and happiness, inspired by the love story of Norman Parkinson and his wife Wenda. It emulates the delicate, rosy hue you see in young, innocent, and fresh cheeks, but that can be lost with age. With this blusher, you can now paint the youth back in. It looks best when it is expressed through a tint of a tan. This pretty pink hue for lips and cheeks works with all skin tones. It’s creamy, blendable, weightless, hydrating glamour on the go. 
Create the illusion of fuller, wider lips with my Matte Revolution – for lips that look lit from within. It’s a trick I use all the time on photo shoots, using lighting trickery, pigments and powders, and have been working for years to re-create this effect in the slick of 1 lipstick. Now everyone can create this full, matte lip effect in a long-lasting, buildable, hydrating formula – it’s the matte lipstick of the future! Exclusively enriched with Lipstick Tree extract which protects lips and is a natural anti-oxidant, and Orchid Extract which soothes and hydrates for a soft, buildable cashmere finish. Available in 10 modern-matte shades for all skin tones – 1 for each of my signature looks. Amazing Grace is inspired by Grace Kelly, a vintage tea rose for pretty, polished perfection a la Nicole Kidman and Miranda Kerr.
Charlotte created this Limited Edition Filmstar Bronze & Glow as part of the Charlotte Tilbury x Norman Parkinson collection. This cream texture, contouring palette duo is inspired by the natural fall of sunlight and shade on the face and is designed to slim, sculpt and highlight your features, creating a naturally glowing complexion. Parkinson’s ability to capture light hugely influences how Charlotte thinks about makeup and Filmstar Bronze & Glow (Sun Tan & Sun Light) captures the youthful, soft-focus lens of his camera, giving you perfect summer skin – a golden glow that enhances your facial framework. The cream textures have a fresh, dewy finish that is perfect for summer.
Charlotte Tilbury Sun Light is a warm gold with a luminous finish that is limited edition.
Charlotte Tilbury Sun Tan is a warm brown with a natural finish that is limited edition.
Too Faced Snow Bunny is a warm gold with a frost finish that is permanent.
The best-loved, gel-cream shadow goes matte. Both soft and cushiony, this innovative texture can be worn as eyeshadow or an eyeshadow base. Includes a special applicator, developed specifically for this unique formula.
A striking harmony of five luminous eyeshadows, elegantly embossed to reflect the leather-braided chain of the iconic 2.55 bag. The rich palette features an absolute black to define the eyes, brilliant green and plum shades to enhance, and silver-white and gold tones to highlight.
Chanel Entrelacs Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create any look with a perfectly coordinated palette that contains velvety-smooth eyeshadows, blushes and mascara for a total lit-from-within flush of color.
Smashbox Petunia is a warm coral with a satin finish that is limited edition.
A trend-setter one day and a sleek sophisticate the next, a woman's style changes with her mood. Transform your look with one palette, six colors. The possibilities are endless. This new Guerlain eyeshadow palette caters to your every whim, offering a range of iridescent, matte and satin shadows. Each palette bears the name of a Guerlain boutique in Paris. Choose your address!
Guerlain’s Rose Aux Joues blush features a revamped texture and hue that enhances your natural complexion thanks to its “pink booster” pigments. The pigments capture natural light to enhance your complexion, creating a veil of ultralight texture that’s buildable and easy to apply for a subtle wash of color. Infused with rose oil extract, an ingredient that gives cheeks a subtle wash of color, this blush leaves cheeks with an delicate glow.
Guerlain Gloss d'Enfer Maxi Shine is a Lipgloss that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 26 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Cosmopolite is a warm beige with a luminous finish that is limited edition and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.24 oz.
Sculpting Palette contains six versatile powder shades which work in harmony to contour and highlight.
From champagne shimmer to matte light peach, ash taupe and deep coffee, the range of shades and
textures allow you to shape and define your features to perfection. Each powder glides onto skin
effortlessly, allowing for swift blending and enviable sculpted definition created in moments.
Illamasqua Sculpting Powder (Highlight) is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Illamasqua Sculpting Powder (Contour) is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
It’s time to put your lipsticks on notice. The Amore Matte Lip Crème has arrived. This revolutionary, highly saturated liquid-to-matte formula dries to a soft, velvety finish for fuller-looking lips. Its double-sided, flexible plush applicator hugs the contours of lips, working to lock in bold, opaque color. Non-sticky, smooth and ready for all-night wear, the limited edition Amore Matte Lip Crème is the ultimate transfer resistant kiss-me-matte.
The Romantics Naturally Pretty Matte Palette is an IT Cosmetics breakthrough eye-shadow formula in special-edition shades. These 14 antiaging, silk-infused eye shadows are all matte and perfect for women of all ages. The Transforming Pearl Ribbon is a unique shade designed to be added to each of the matte shades to create a new pearlized color with a simple swipe of a brush. Plus, the dual-ended shadow brush is perfect for effortless application without pulling on delicate eyelids.
IT Cosmetics Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
How Audacious are you today? Designed by Lisa Eldridge and inspired by the streets of Paris, Lancôme's first multi-palette has 16 beautiful shades in 4 finishes that let you bring Paris wherever you go. Pick a chic look for the day, an audacious look for the night, or anything that falls in between. 
Long-lasting, opaque coverage that you've been searching for with moisturizing hemp + peppermint oils to keep your lips feeling as good as they look. Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics is a revolutionary makeup brand that offers beautiful, high quality products that are completely vegan and cruelty free.
Featuring Dior’s innovative, ultra-fine, hybrid texture, Fluid Shadow illuminates the eyes with long-wearing color and enamel shine. In a single step, this unique makeup can be swept onto the lids like an eye shadow, or use it as a liner to define the eyes.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Envy Defining Wet/Dry Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 21 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford created this highlighting and illuminating powder duo to capture the two most flattering types of natural light on the skin—a soft white shade is like the luminous glow of daylight and a radiant golden shade is like the romantic illusion of candlelight. These lightly shimmering shades can be applied individually or layered together to create a multidimensional glow.
Tom Ford Beauty Skin Illuminating Powder is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Backlight Priming Filter creates a canvas for your makeup, extending its wear from day to night. Infused with three unique Filtering Luminescent Pearls, each one adds a different drop of diffused light. Blended together, they impart a one-of-a-kind, lightweight, whipped fluid that creates a smooth canvas and acts as an instant filter, while the vitamin E-enriched formula minimizes the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Backlighting acts as an instant filter, creating a diffused, soft-focused radiance that allows your complexion to catch light for a glowing look. Infused with Becca’s proprietary blend of crushed pearls, this primer achieves a lit-from-within, healthy-looking effect.

Guerlain debuts its first-ever tinted lip balm encased in an irresistible white lacquer case. Jojoba oil, fine oils and a rose extract deliver care and comfort, protecting the skin’s barrier. Rose petal oil helps smooth lips while erasing fine lines and wrinkles, to enhance their natural beauty. Hyaluronic acid plumps and shapes lips for an ultra-glamorous look. Lips are left soft, smooth, and subtly tinted.
Go PRO with LORAC Front of the Line PRO Eye Pencil! The sequel to our original best-selling Front of the Line PRO Liquid Eyeliner, this long-lasting, waterproof eye pencil comes in a variety of highly-pigmented, ultra-smooth, matte and metallic PRO shades to easily create any look you desire. The attached sharpener helps you achieve clean, precise lines from very fine to dramatically bold. This versatile PRO eye pencil will take you to the front of the line every time!
Our most dramatic lipgloss yet. Infused with a new colour-boosting technology, the formula is loaded with high-powered pigments that glisten with a delicious shine. One swipe loads lips with attitude, as a combination of lush natural oils – including coconut, sweet almond, avocado and sesame – polish with impeccable, moisturizing colour. The glossy colour wears comfortably for hours, for a look that comes on strong and doesn’t let go.
Active: Actyl C (a more durable form of vitamin C). Inactive: Aqua / Water / Eau, Dimethicone, Isododecane, Polypropylsilsesquioxane, C30-45 Alkyl Dimethyl Silyl Polypropylsilsesquioxane, Silica, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Dimethicone / Polyglycerin-3 Crosspolymer, Sodium Chloride, Nylon-12, Phenoxyethanol, 3-O-Ethyl Ascorbic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Panthenol, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Disodium EDTA, Acrylonitrile / Methyl Methacrylate / Vinylidene Chloride, Copolymer, Aluminum Hydroxide, Dipropylene Glycol, Zinc Gluconate, Magnesium Aspartate, Paraffin, Copper Gluconate. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides
Water (Aqua) (Eau), Cyclopentasiloxane, Glycerin, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Isododecane, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Magnesium Sulfate, Diphenyl Dimethicone, Tribehenin, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Polysilicone-11, Propylene Carbonate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Cocos Nucifera Water, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Rhododendron Ferrugineum Extract, Alcohol, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Lecithin, Pistacia Lentiscus (Mastic) Gum, Butylene Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Hyaluronate, EDTA, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Bobbi Brown Alabaster (00) is a natural finish and retails for $65.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Re(Marc)able Full Cover Foundation Concentrate is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.75 oz. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Y205 is a natural finish and retails for $43.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Stick Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $43.00 and contains 0.44 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior Light Beige is a natural finish and retails for $53.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
PIXI Beauty H20 Skin Tint is a Foundation that retails for $24.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
PIXI Beauty Flawless Beauty Liquid is a Foundation that retails for $30.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
PIXI Beauty Illuminating Tint & Conceal is a Foundation that retails for $24.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Fit Me Dewy + Smooth Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Longwear Nourishing Waterproof Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 0.84 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Miracle Cushion Liquid Cushion Compact Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $46.50 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cyclopentasiloxane, Water/Aqua/Eau, Butylene Glycol, Glycerin, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Dimethicone, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethylhexanoin, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Bis-Butyldimethicone Polyglyceryl-3, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Sodium Glutamate, Sorbitan Sesquiisostearate, 1-Methylhydantoin-2-Imide, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Ethylhexylglycerin, Chlorphenesin, Polysilicone-2, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) Root Extract, Glucosyl Hesperidin, Paeonia Albiflora Root Extract, Tocopherol, Benzoic Acid. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Iron Oxides (CI 77499).
MAC Studio Waterweight SPF30 Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 25 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The best-loved, gel-cream shadow goes matte. Both soft and cushiony, this innovative texture can be worn as eyeshadow or an eyeshadow base. Includes a special applicator, developed specifically for this unique formula.
This Intensely rich color goes on with full coverage and sets with a soft touch matte finish Formulated with a complex of natural oils and seed butters to enhance moisturize for up to four hours, it provides a protective layer against dryness. These lip colors are available in a universal shade palette, ranging from light to deep tones, across mid-tonal and bright hues of pinks to berries, reds and corals, and nudes and browns. 
Sheer Voile Lip Colour, nourishing sensation and radiant colour with a luminous shine.
Too Faced Glamour Dust is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Silky Satin Lip Colour, the perfect alliance of luxurious colour, sensuous feel and superior wear. For Christian Louboutin, a designer and creator of rare objects, lipstick is a woman’s magic wand. No longer tucked away between the key ring and the nail file, the Louboutin Lip Colour transforms a forgotten object into a treasured jewel.
Like a filter for your complexion, this brush-on highlighter contains a mosaic of brightening powders that impart a lit-from-within glow. The mirrored compact makes on-the-go touchups easy and fail-safe. 
Lipstick Queen Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Eye & Cheek Shadow is a multipurpose ombré powder that offers a visionary new way to add color to the face. The silky powder is infused with light-catching pearls to create depth and dimension to the eyes and sculpts cheeks with a radiant, ombré effect. It also includes a specially designed applicator.
MAC Guo Pei Powder Blush is a Blush that retails for $40.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Guo Pei Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $30.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Guo Pei Cremesheen Glass is a Lipgloss that retails for $28.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Guo Pei Fluidline is a Eyeliner that retails for $17.50. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Guo Pei Beauty Powder is a Powder that retails for $70.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Guo Pei Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.19 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Holiday 2015 Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $44.00 and contains 0.75 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Swipe on bold, eye-catching lip color with coveted Studded Kiss Lipstick. This innovative lipstick is formulated with Color Cushion Technology™, which combines long wear, bold color payoff, and ultrasoft comfort for audacious, feminine lip looks. The exclusive new shade, Gold Blooded—a remixed red with subtle gold shimmer, found only in this set—comes in a covetable, studded white casing. This set includes seven mini Studded Kiss Lipsticks in show-stopping shades with attitude. 
Unveil your best full face makeup look with this beautiful collection. This exclusive limited-edition set features Too Faced’s top-selling products, including the deluxe-size, award-winning Better Than Sex Mascara, deluxe Melted Peony Long Wear Liquified Lipstick, cult-favorite Shadow Insurance Eye Primer, two bronzers, one blush, one highlighter, and 18 gorgeous eye shadows in hand-selected, festive shades. This versatile full-face kit includes step-by-step glamour guides so you can easily create an array of looks.

Be the center of the room with this festive, limited-edition collection, feautring tarte’s beauty favorites, designed to create smoldering makeup looks for any celebration. Create an eye-catching statement wherever you go with the travel-size takeaway palette, featuring shadow, cheek and contouring shades. The trendy collector’s case features a full-size, built-in eye shadow palette with 30 shades, including 24 brilliant, never before seen shades in mixed mattes and shimmers. With a travel-friendly eye shadow brush and deluxe-size mascara, this set is perfect for achieving seamless, on-the-go touch-ups for alluring, party-perfect looks. 
Go crazy for color with 24 new high-pigment eye shadows in a palette inspired by vintage vinyls. With a striking combination of technicolor brights and everyday neutrals, this palette proves that there’s no shade too bold or combination too daring. It features an inner wheel of seven nudes and neutrals surrounded by an outer wheel of 17 vivid brights. Discover how to rock three stand-out and insanely vibrant looks on the illustrated insert. Each is named for one of Kat’s cult favorite Studded Kiss Lipstick shades. 
LORAC POREfection Pressed Powder is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC POREfection Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Avobenzone 3.0%, Octinoxate 7.5%, Octisalate 5.0%. WATER, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, POLYMETHYLSILSESQUIOXANE, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, GLYCERIN, NEOPENTYL GLYCOL DIHEPTANOATE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, HDI/TRIMETHYLOL HEXYLLACTONE CROSSPOLYMER, QUATERNIUM-90 BENTONITE, MAGNESIUM SULFATE, SODIUM CHLORIDE, SODIUM BENZOATE, POTASSIUM SORBATE, PHENYL TRIMETHICONE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, POLYGLYCERYL-3 BEESWAX, MICROCRYSTALLINE WAX, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, RETINYL PALMITATE, POLYHYDROXYSTEARIC ACID, LECITHIN, ISOPROPYL MYRISTATE, ISOSTEARIC ACID, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, POLYGLYCERYL-3 DIISOSTEARATE, POLYGLYCERYL-3 POLYRICINOLEATE, OLEA EUROPAEA (OLIVE) LEAF EXTRACT, PHENOXYETHANOL, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, CHLORPHENESIN, TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE, CARICA PAPAYA (PAPAYA) FRUIT EXTRACT, CITRUS MEDICA LIMONUM (LEMON) FRUIT EXTRACT, MAY CONTAIN: TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499), MICA (CI 77019).
Boots No7 No 7 Beautifully Matte SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Perfection Lumiere Velvet SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $47.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Camera Ready BB Water SPF 50 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Charlotte Tilbury Magic Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Dream Satin Liquid is a Foundation that retails for $15.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Naked Skin Weightless Complete Coverage Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.16 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Sandy Beige 1 is a matte finish and retails for $8.49 and contains 0.64 oz.
CoverGirl Queen Collection All Day Flawless 3-in-1 Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $11.29 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Vitalumiere Satin Fluid Makeup SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $55.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The new Dior Addict formula is a breakthrough hybrid lipstick, delivering intense color and a long-lasting top coat in one. Featuring a Hydra-Gel Topcoat and a Triple Oil Complex at the core of the lipstick, Dior Addict lips are plumped with more volume and spectacular color than ever before. In addition, the collection of fashion-forward shades has been reimagined in three eye-catching finishes: pure color, shimmering and pearlescent.
A lip color that boosts moisture levels and intensely rejuvenates and conditions lips. Luxe Lip Color intensely rejuvenates lips, helping to reduce the appearance of lip lines and relieve lip flaking. Infused with vitamins C and E and MaxiLip, a powerful peptide, this lipstick plumps lips, supports natural collagen production, and minimizes the look of fine lines and wrinkles. Encased in a sleek, gold tube, just one swipe delivers vibrant, full-coverage color. 
Treat your lips to this adorable deluxe gift set, featuring tarte’s bestselling butter lipsticks. Their hydrating creamy, full-coverage formula is infused with Amazonian cupuacu and murumuru butters to deliver ultimate moisture as it smooths and softens dry winter lips. Packaged in a giftable box, these deluxe-sized lipsticks include four never-before-seen shades that are perfect for the holidays.

Tarte LipSurgence Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Be the center of the room with this festive, limited-edition collection, feautring tarte’s beauty favorites, designed to create smoldering makeup looks for any celebration. Create an eye-catching statement wherever you go with the travel-size takeaway palette, featuring shadow, cheek and contouring shades. The trendy collector’s case features a full-size, built-in eye shadow palette with 30 shades, including 24 brilliant, never before seen shades in mixed mattes and shimmers. With a travel-friendly eye shadow brush and deluxe-size mascara, this set is perfect for achieving seamless, on-the-go touch-ups for alluring, party-perfect looks. 
Sugarpill Nail Polish is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $10.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Holiday 2015 Meteorites is a Highlighter that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Cosmic that is limited edition and retails for $29.00 and contains 0.14 oz.
This exceptional gold palette has a little secret — two layers of stunning, must-have colors. The top compartment reveals an array of five iridescent eyeshadows to illuminate and sculpt, while the lower portion houses 2 matte blushes in rosewood and coral shades, and 2 pearlescent blushes in pink and iridescent red.
This palette by theBalm features three luminizing partners in crime to highlight your most distinct features. Designed for girls on the run, this highlighting trio enables you to emphasize your finest features.
Fake it, don’t bake it! Before you head out to relish some well deserved sun, score a faux, sun-kissed glow with theBalm’s Betty-Lou Manizer. Betty-Lou is a silky smooth, all-in-one bronzing highlighter, shimmer and shadow. 
A collection of five BECCA best sellers designed to add light, lift and a touch of color. Mix and match to customize your look and create your custom glow. Highlight your favorite features all season long with Shimmering Skin Perfector Pressed in Moonstone, Rose Gold and Topaz, and the beautifully soft Mineral Blush in Wild Honey and Flowerchild. Highlight shades allow you to accentuate facial features for a natural glow, while Mineral Blush shades impart a soft sweep of color and subtly reflect light onto apples of cheeks.
Daring color with dramatic luster. An addictively creamy new lipstick formula that glides and gleams.
Fully-loaded gloss with a new vinyl-finish formula. Saturated shades with a gripping lacquer effect deliver high shine with high drama.
Dimethicone, Synthetic Wax, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Behenyl Dimethicone/Bisvinyldimethicone Crosspolymer, Dimer Dilinoleyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Polyethylene, Phenylpropyldimethylsiloxysilicate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Lecithin, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, [+/- (May Contain): Mica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 15850 (Red 6), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake).
NARS Steven Klein Brush Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $95.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Hanamachi Kabuki Brush is a Brush.
NARS Kabuki Precision Eye Brush is a Brush.
NARS ITA Kabuki Brush is a Brush.
NARS Audacious Lipstick Coffret is a Lip Palette that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Lip Pencil Coffret is a Lip Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Dual-Intensity Eyeshadow Palette (x4) is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Holiday 2015 Cheek Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.48 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Mini Lipstick Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Steven Klein Lip Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Coups de Minuit (12) is a warm beige with a luminous finish that is limited edition and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.09 oz.
Colour Pop Strobing Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Le Top Coat is a Nail Lacquer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Colourdrenched Pigment is a Eyeshadow that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.06 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Enchanted Eyes/Warm that is limited edition and retails for $39.50 and contains 0.15 oz.
Inspired by painter Yago Hortal’s one-of-a-kind, vivid artwork, this set features 40 shades of color for cheeks and eyes. The panels easily pop in and out, making it perfectly portable for holiday trips. Smashbox partnered with breakthrough artist Yago Hortal to create these mega-vibrant, limited-edition kits featuring all of their bestsellers in a range of shades—from bold pops of color to always-flattering neutrals. 
Smashbox Highlighter . There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Irresistibly Charming/Nude that is limited edition and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.32 oz.
Bite Beauty Holiday 2015 Matte Crème Lip Crayon Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This 15-shade palette featuring the breakthrough Artist Shadow formula lets you create endless eye looks with infinite combinations. The advanced gel-powder formula blended with ultrafine pigments provides vivid color payoff and superior blendablilty. An artist’s favorite, Artist Shadow leaves a smooth, even finish that gives lids super-saturated, lasting color. Arranged into five easy-to-apply color trios, this extensive collection ranges from soft, subtle neutrals to daring bolds and brights. The included step-by-step leaflet lets you effortlessly create endless holiday looks. 
Too Faced Holiday 2015 Collector's Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 1.46 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anastasia Lip Gloss Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $40.00 and contains 1.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A truly exquisite, shimmery illuminating powder which enhances a natural glow.
Created exclusively for the Steven Klein for NARS collection, this palette features seven shades for alluring cheeks. Featuring four blushes, a contouring duo, and a glowing Laguna bronzer, this palette is perfect for emphasizing makeup looks. 
NARS Contour Blush - Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Contour Blush - Contour is a Contour. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Creamy application makes blending super easy, and the formula dries down for long-lasting wear! Because the liner is so creamy, do not over advance your liner to prevent breakage. For blending and smoky looks, use a pencil brush. Smooth glide for easy and comfortable waterline application.
Precision of a liquid with the ease of a gel based formula. Apply with a brush, we like a super fine, firm and synthetic angled brush. Dip tip of the brush, coat both sides – be careful not to pick up too much product! Work quickly, as the formula becomes transfer resistant once it dries. Do NOT leave opened for long periods of time or it will dry out and you will be sad. Be sure to close the lid tightly after each use.
Guerlain Illuminating Matte Powder is a Powder that retails for $179.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain's crème de rouge Maxi Velvet makes your lips matte and intense with only one passage. As creamy as a gloss, its comfortable texture glides perfectly over the lips. As pigmented as a lipstick, its long-lasting coverage offers one of the most sophisticated matte make-up results. Play up your femininity to the extreme...
Colour becomes matte in a few seconds and unfurls its superb effect on the lips: precisely defined and perfectly smoothed, lips dress up in an ultra-luxurious texture.
Becca Shimmering Skin Perfector Pressed Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.26 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Caviar Stick Holiday 2015 Set is a Eye Palette that retails for $58.00 and contains 0.18 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Crème Gel Colour Collection is a Eye Palette that retails for $33.00 and contains 0.36 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Jem and the Holograms Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.44 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 44 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay 24/7 Waterline Eye Pencil is a Eyeliner that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Ready Face Color Trio is a Cheek Palette that retails for $29.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Ready Allover Face Color is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Edgy and feminine, Yves Saint Laurent’s Rouge Pur Couture Lipstick Collection delivers lip colors that exude ultimate feminine strength and edgy style. Give lips luxurious, rich color with intense hydration and antioxidant care in just one stroke.
Elevate your makeup wardrobe with this palette, which also includes two makeup looks for year-round glamour. Get flushed with the READY Blush, which offers two stunning, stay-true and buildable cheek colors that last up to eight hours. The eight-hour, READY Bronzer delivers rich golden bronze color for an even, buildable glow, while the READY Luminizer enhances your complexion for lit-from-within radiance that contains skin-nourishing benefits. Give eyes vivid, pigment-packed color with seamless blendability that lasts up to 12 hours with these eight shades that range from an airy pink hue to a rich, velvet plum shade. 
Mica Beauty Mineral Foundation Powder is a Foundation that retails for $64.95. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica Beauty Pressed Mineral Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $64.95. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Affinimat is a Foundation that retails for $8.89 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hard Candy Glamouflage Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $7.00 and contains 2.10 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Mocha is a natural finish and retails for $70.00 and contains 0.17 oz.
Cle de Peau I10 Very Light Ivory is a natural finish and retails for $125.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Cle de Peau Cream Foundation SPF 29 is a Foundation that retails for $120.00 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Radiant Powder Foundation SPF 23 is a Foundation that retails for $95.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cle de Peau Silk SPF 23 is a Foundation that retails for $120.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mary Kay Medium-Coverage Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $18.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mary Kay Endless Performance Crème to Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mary Kay TimeWise Luminous-Wear Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $20.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 23 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sorme Perfect Touch Concealer Pen is a Concealer that retails for $23.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sorme Believable Cover is a Concealer that retails for $16.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sorme Mineral Illusion Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $31.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sorme Believable Finish is a Foundation that retails for $29.99. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sorme Mineral Secrets is a Foundation that retails for $29.99. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sorme Treat & Tint BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $35.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Acne Fighting Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $6.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Moisturizing Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $6.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Dual Finish Versatile Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $38.50 and contains 0.67 oz. There are 34 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Liquid Skin Second Skin Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $26.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Unlimited Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $22.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Miracle Air de Teint is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chi Chi Fabulous and Flawless Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $29.95 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Skin Luminizer Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Lom Radiance Lift Foundation SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Lom Radiance Perfected Tinted Moisturiser SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Lom Mineral Foundation Powder is a Foundation that retails for $60.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Lom Cover Concealer SPF 15 is a Concealer. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Lom Sheer Radiance Oil-Free Foundation SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eve Lom Radiant Glow Cream Compact Foundation SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Boots No7 No. 7 Lift & Luminate Foundation SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $15.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Infallible Pro-Matte Powder is a Foundation that retails for $12.99. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Silk Crème Oil Free Photo Edition Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal True Match Super Blendable Liquid Foundation (UK) is a Foundation that retails for $8.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverGirl Outlast Stay Luminous 3-in-1 Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $7.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A luxurious limited edition body powder in soft rose colors with a captivating, delicate fragrance that envelops skin in floral scented sparkling radiance. Ideal for shoulders and décolletage.
MAC Into the Well Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inspired by the classic romance of hand-written love letters, this A Whole Lot Of Love Gift Set features top-selling makeup for the eyes and face in one palette. It includes 20 color-rich matte, pearl, and shimmer eye shadows, four shades of universally flattering, silky-smooth blush, and a deluxe-size HUGE™ Extreme Lash Mascara for big, bold, ultra-black lashes. It comes wrapped in a vintage-inspired special delivery package that's perfect for gifting or keeping for yourself. 
Stila Light Pink is a cool pink with a matte finish that is limited edition.
Create eyes that light up the sky with Stila's award-winning eye shadows, available in a gorgeous array of individually-pressed compacts. Long-loved by beauty editors, makeup artists and girls about town, our long-lasting, high-intensity formula delivers rich, smooth color that can be worn wet or dry. 
Urban Decay introduces the limited-edition UD | Gwen Stefani Eyeshadow Palette—a true creative partnership and design collaboration. We spent countless hours at Gwen’s house, talking makeup and working with her on EVERY detail of this palette—from the case to the amazing shades. We carefully crafted the shadows with Gwen, filling a void by creating the exact shades she always wished she had in her collection. The makeup fanatic in Gwen had a hard time narrowing down her favorites. In the end, we loaded this palette with her 15 must-have shades of Eyeshadow (12 are NEW, and three are from the UD shadow collection). With an insane range of neutrals and a few jewel tones to mix things up, this is Gwen’s go-to kit to achieve her most iconic looks. And with these shades in your arsenal, you’ll have everything you need to recreate those signature looks for yourself.
A lip gel with a 3D shine that reflects light and a shimmer formula that was specially designed for the holiday season. 
The Legacy Palette by Kevyn Aucoin includes everything you need to sculpt, highlight, and define your face, eyes, and brows. 
Kevyn Aucoin The Essential Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kevyn Aucoin The Sculpting Powder is a Contour that retails for $44.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This modern-day collection of cherished Stila essentials is inspired by the poetic romance of hand-written love letters of the past. It features a portable eye palette with five beautiful, wearable, and richly pigmented eye shades. Bring a glow to your cheeks with a pop of blush, a warm, golden bronzer, and a gleaming highlighter. Let lips stand out with the deluxe-size Lip Glaze in Guava with pigmented, irresistible shine and hydration. Then emphasize eyes with the full-size Smudge Stick, a waterproof and budge-proof eyeliner in Stingray that can be used as a precise liner or a smudgy shadow. This collection is packaged in a vintage-inspired note card box, so that the entire set is giftable, or the individual color palettes can be individually gifted as stocking stuffers. 
Stila Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Highlighter is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Nothing says love like a special delivery of romantic makeup essentials that take you from morning to midnight and anywhere you dare to dream. This must-have set includes expertly-selected shadows for eye looks from soft to sultry, Stila's new best seller Huge Extreme Lash Mascara for thick, flirty lashes, and a Deluxe Lip Glaze to make your lips mistletoe ready! The vintage-inspired packaging evokes the beauty of expressing messages from the heart and will make this collection as treasured as a love letter.
Introducing Ecstasy Lacquer-The shine of a lacquer, the color & comfort of a lipstick, & the hold of a stain. The innovative Armani Liquid Vinyl Technology features the highest concentration of water soluble pigments, allowing for pure, vivid color impact with maximum long wear results. The formula is enriched with glycerin for comfortable application and long lasting hydration. It can be applied in a single layer for a subtle touch of color, added over any Armani lipstick as a top coat, or in a layered application for a bold, statement lip.
The Nocturnal Cat Eyeshadow was inspired by the hypnotic gaze of wild cats in the night and the way cat eyes emit light outwards. The concentrated colour is designed to add a sultry, feline look to your lids, giving eyes depth and dimension for a 3D effect, while luminosity-boosting agents help diffuse light and add radiance, and blackout pigment gives a metallic effect that’s perfect for the party season. 
Charlotte Tilbury Nocturnal Cat Eyes to Hypnotise is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The easy, one-slick liner melts into your skin, blending then setting to stay in place for up to 14 hours. Crushed pearl powder stimulates collagen production and instantly hydrates, smoothing the surface of the eyelid for an impeccable, highly-pigmented line.
The easy, one-slick liner melts into your skin, blending then setting to stay in place for up to 14 hours. Crushed pearl powder stimulates collagen production and instantly hydrates, smoothing the surface of the eyelid for an impeccable, highly-pigmented line.
Too Faced Le Grand Chateau that is limited edition and retails for $49.00 and contains 1.46 oz.
Calling all firecrackers, flower children, activists and sweethearts! Discover 12 stunning Tartelette shadows to set your beauty routine into full bloom. With 9 mattes and 3 lusters, these lid liner and crease pairings allow you to create stunning, smoldering looks without the guesswork. Powered by Tarte's signature Amazonian clay formula, you'll get the same pigmented payoff, blendability and weartime as the original Tartelette palette - all in a chic, portable palette with a beautiful floral twist.
Too Faced furnished this cozy French chambre with everything you need to go from tree-trimming nights to party-ready perfection: 12 gorgeous highly-pigmented, blendable eye shadows, and a deluxe version of the bestselling Better Than Sex Mascara. Don't forget the champagne!
Each eyeshadow is formulated with an ultrafine powder that feels exceptionally smooth and applies seamlessly to the eye with the included double-ended eyeshadow brush. The shades are long-wearing, easily blended and provide moderate to full coverage. Also included in the palette is a how-to sheet with detailed instructions on how to create two different looks
Tory Burch Beauty Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
theBalm Nude Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.34 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Contour Palette is a Face Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.87 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Highlight Powder is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior State of Gold Eyeshadow Palette (Holiday 2015) is a Eye Palette that retails for $63.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior State of Gold Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Swipe lips with this vividly graphic, ultra-bold lipstick. It delivers intensely pigmented, one-stroke color in an ultra-lightweight gel formula. Featuring moisturizing matte and satin finishes, it leaves lips with a modern, daring look. 
MAC Ellie Goulding Powder Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Ellie Goulding Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Ellie Goulding Face Kit is a Face Palette that retails for $44.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
New Velvetease Lip Pencil delivers the vivid colour impact of a lipstick with the ease of a mechanical pencil. No sharpener required. Go for daring in blackened plum, classic red and warm chocolate, while light pinks and buttery nudes say chic in more subtle hues. Rich and matte, with a smooth, clean finish, creamy colour has never been simpler. But there’s no need to be choosy. There’s one for every type.
NYX Narcissistic is a warm peach with a luminous finish that is permanent and retails for $9.00 and contains 0.33 oz.
M·A·C Huggable Lipglass gives lips a comforting hug of color with immediate shine that wears for hours. Its dual-phase formula glides on effortlessly, providing you with smooth, creamy color.
Light up your eyes with Foiled Shadow, a lightweight formula with a highly pigmented color payoff and wet/dry technology for a dry shimmer metallic finish or intense wet metal foil finish. The results lasts all day and night.
Wayne Goss Holiday 2015 Brush is a Brush that retails for $115.00.
Too Faced Blush Wardrobe is a Cheek Palette that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Zinc Stearate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Squalane, Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Polyethylene, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Glyceryl Caprylate, Lauroyl Lysine, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Carmine (CI 75470). May Contain (+/-): Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891). 
Too Faced Warm Glow (Left) is a warm gold with a frost finish that is permanent.
Never settle for bad lighting—create your own! We’ve revamped our bestselling highlighter by popular demand—and added a gorgeous new shade. Candlelight Glow amps up the wattage with PHOTOLITE technology, which diffuses and refracts light for glowing, lit-from-within skin under all lighting conditions. The sheer dual powders can be combined for a versatile, customized shade that looks gorgeous anywhere you apply, or use one at a time for the perfect soft-focus glow.
Benefit They're Real! Lengthening Mascara is a Mascara that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Benefit They're Real! Tinted Lash Primer is a Primer that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Benefit Mink Brown is a brown that is permanent and retails for $24.00 and contains 0.30 oz.
Smashbox X-Rated Mascara is a Mascara that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Almay's One Coat Multi-Benefit Mascara builds the ultimate lash look with volume, length, and definition while conditioning lashes.
Revlon's Ultimate All-In-One Mascara has a high-impact formula that delivers the ultimate 5 benefits in 1.
Revlon's Super Length Mascara has a lash extending fiber formula that glides on easily and builds quickly for a beautiful, extended lash look. This mascara also includes the Revlon Lash Stretch Brush.
Revlon's Dramatic Definition Mascara has a smooth, flexible formula that coats lashes for clump-free separation. This mascara also includes the Revlon Lash Separator Brush.
Revlon's Ultra Volume Mascara has a conditioning, clump-free formula that volumizes lashes. This mascara also includes the Revlon Lash Plumping Brush.
Revlon's Volume + Length Magnified Mascara has a high shine black fiber formula that provides amplified volume and length. This mascara also includes the Revlon Magnifying Lash Brush.
Maybelline's Volum' Express The Falsies Push Up Drama Mascara pushes up lashes for dramatic volume and lift.
Maybelline's Volum' Express The Falsies Push Up Drama Mascara pushes up lashes for dramatic volume and lift.
Maybelline's Volum' Express The Falsies Push Up Drama Mascara pushes up lashes for dramatic volume and lift.
Maybelline's Volum' Express The Falsies Push Up Drama Mascara pushes up lashes for dramatic volume and lift.
L'Oreal's Voluminous Superstar Mascara is their first pro-lash kit mascara for super-volumized, super-lifted, super-extended lashes.
L'Oreal's Voluminous Superstar Mascara is their first pro-lash kit mascara for super-volumized, super-lifted, super-extended lashes.
Big brush, big change. Oversized volumizing brush transforms lashes from fine and faint to bodacious and bold. Rich color builds easily to the look you want. Ophthalmologist tested. Allergy tested. 100% fragrance free.
The look of false lashes has never been easier or more accessible with this breakthough, one-step, melted-fiber infused mascara! The perfect alternative to complicated false lashes and expensive lash extensions, this innovative formula features the blackest black melted nylon fibers infused into IT Cosmetics' volumizing, lash-loving, award winning Hello Lashes Mascara so you can achieve long, thick, dramatic lashes in a quick one coat application. Unlike traditional fiber mascaras, Hello Lashes Extensions does the work for you. With one simple step, you get fuller, longer, more voluminous lashes instantly. IT's your lash extensions but better!
Butter London Fit Lash Primer is a Primer.
A lip colour that provides a splash of colour in a liquid-suede finish that lingers.
Get gorgeous statement eyes with our Graphic Eyes+. Enjoy a brand new product performance with a superior luscious and ultra smooth formula. The Graphic Eyes+ collection combines the smoothness of a liquid liner with the ease of application of a traditional pen without compromising in quality or makeup result. The powerfully pigmented liners are free of fragrance and parabens. Once dry, they are designed to give you a super longwear and waterproof finish - no matter how busy your day is. Dive into a broad range of must have shades that deliver true, rich and intense color.
Paint on pigment to create a tarteist™ lip masterpiece with this chic, ultra-matte liquid lipstick. Designed for styles ranging from modern minimalist to bold and dramatic, this high-definition, saturated formula starts as a traditional lipstick that’s been liquefied and concentrated, resulting in a luxurious, velvety texture with a sophisticated, matte finish. The full-coverage formula comes in an array of on-trend bold and everyday shades and features a paint brush wand with an ergonomically slanted, soft applicator so anyone can paint on precise pigment no matter your skill level. 
A soft powder formula to enhance your skin's natural beauty. The Pure Powder Glow enhances and compliments your skin's natural beauty with sheer, gorgeous colors that blend seamlessly into the skin. Formulated with nylon-12, each shade glides on like silk and settles with a velvety-soft texture. Apply with a sheer touch for an angelic look or brush on with a deeper hand for a vibrant, healthy hue. Packaged in a sleek mirrored compact with application brush.
This eyeliner has the high intensity color of a liquid liner and the ease of application of a pencil. Glide on smooth color while giving eyes maximum color intensity and all-day wear. Featuring a creamy, instantly blendable formula, it sets quickly for 24-hour wear—without budging or fading. 
A sparkle beyond compare, Makeup Geek Sparklers go where no cosmetics company has gone before! Loose, reflective particles create a glitter-like effect that is out of this world. 
Diorblush brings the promise of spring with this limited-edition blush to enhance your glow. Its unique formula gives maximum expression to pigments, with a micronized powder texture that blends seamlessly with the skin, leaving nothing but a veil of pure, evanescent, weightless color. It comes with a beveled brush for easy application.
To sculpt your face with touches of light, Diorskin Nude Air Glowing Gardens draws inspiration from the technique of strobing. This powder with extremely fine illuminating pigments is embossed with a delicate floral motif. Its exquisite texture enhances your complexion with a subtle iridescent glow. It comes with a mini kabuki brush for easy application.
A spring breeze blows through the 5 Couleurs Glowing Gardens Eyeshadow Palette, a limited-edition treasure trove of flowers inspired by the gardens of Christian Dior. It brings together a variety of textures in a single case to help you create beautiful eye makeup styles through layering.
Dior Glowing Gardens Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
For Spring 2016, NARS Cosmetics introduces the L’Amour Toujours L’Amour Eyeshadow Palette. The limited-edition palette features 12 must-have eyeshadow shades from everyday neutrals to rich accents for a full-spectrum of looks. Eyes. Customized.
Our unique Japanese calligraphy-style brush allows for precise, super-fine application that lets you create lines as small as one millimeter thickness! Combined with a formula that dries super-quick for a smudge-proof application, our liquid eyeliner glides on smoothly without tugging or pulling. 
Featuring an exclusive Microspun formula where loose powder particles are spun and swirled until they reach a cloudlike softness. This ultra smooth powder hides tiny lines, winkles and blemishes and gives a new softness to your skin. Use to set make up or as a foundation. Long lasting. Dermatologically tested.
Vaseline 100% Pure Petroleum Jelly is a Lip Balm that retails for $1.49 and contains 1.75 oz.
Météorites Voyage is a pressed powder compact with a universal harmony of corrective and illuminating shades that adapts to a wide range of skin tones, correcting and illuminating the complexion with an ultimate radiance. The refillable powder features a blend of five different colors of micro-pearls, hand-made and compacted by Guerlain's craftsmen. White reflects light, Purple captures light, Green combats redness, Champagne illuminates and Pink reveals a glowy effect. Météorites Voyage is also great for highlighting or strobing. Available individually as a pan or with compact (for $179).
The eyeshadow is made with long-lasting technology, featuring pigments that are gel-coated to help them adhere to the eyelid for hours without sinking into the creases.
Guerlain Kohl Contour Eye Pencil is a long-lasting, water-resistant eye pencil with a gentle, creamy formula and intense pigments that can be used as a liner in the eye contour, a kohl in the inner eye or even over the entire eye to create a smoky eye. It also features a built-in sharpener to ensure you always have a perfect point.
From pastels to brights, this palette has everything you need to create an impactful look. The set of 24 matte and shimmer shades come in a sleek, sophisticated palette. Inspired by the Pantone Colors of the Year, but open to your own interpretation, this mix of pastel shades invites you to transform this timeless pastel duo from sweetly conventional into 2016’s most modern color story.
These playful pastels impart a luxurious shine with a cushiony feel. The beautiful watercolor shades—including the two Color of the Year shades, Rose Quartz and Serenity—offer high-shine color payoff in a single stroke. The advanced formula features sunflower seed wax and vitamin E to provide deep hydration and conditioning for a luxurious cushiony feel on the lips. The soft, flocked applicator helps provide the perfect amount of gloss.

Sephora + Pantone Universe Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get a high-coverage, pigment-loaded pop of color that catches your eye with this exclusive Color of the Year shade. Break the monotony of sheer pastels and go bold with a high-coverage pastel pink meant to layer and be mixed with other shades. A high concentration of ultra-thin pigments incorporated into a rich blend of emollient oils and waxes offers a radically intense, satiny finish on the lips.
SheaMoisture's Raw Shea Facial Wash & Scrub gently exfoliates and cleanses the face. Heals and rejuvenates dry skin while helping unclog pores. Leaves skin smooth and moisturized.
This ultra-rich cream fortified with self-hydrating Rose of Jericho plus our Lychee and Watermelon hydra-sustain complex quenches deeper than ever before to help repair the natural moisture deficiency in dry, dehydrated skin. Clinically proven to instantly boost very dry skin's moisture reservoir to keep it comfortably hydrated.
This rich, yet fast-absorbing lotion starts to work immediately to restore essential moisture so your skin looks and feels healthier. Formulated with ACTIVE NATURALS® Triple Oat Complex, it’s clinically shown to relieve itchy, extra-dry skin and moisturize for a full 24 hours. It’s also fragrance free, steroid free and gentle enough for sensitive skin.
A lusciously lathering juicy papaya fragrance leaves the skin silky smooth and scrumptiously scented. Rich with 100% certified organic jojoba oil & loads of Vitamin E, this sugar-based tri-functional body scrub cleanses, exfoliates and moisturizes all in one. Indulge the body with this 16 pint calorie free treat!
Hourglass Visionaire Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow.
Gentle mineral color wraps lashes in instant color and care. Conditioning jojoba oil and volumizing acacia senegal give lashes natural-looking length and volume. Paraben-free, fragrance-free formula is hypoallergenic and safe for even the most sensitive skin.
Chanel Exceptionnel de Chanel Intense Volume & Curl Msascara is a Mascara.
MAC Plushlash Mascara is a Mascara.
L'Oreal HIP Cream Shadow Paint is a Eyeshadow.
Sonia Kashuk Dramatically Defining Long Wear Gel Liner is a Eyeliner that retails for $8.99.
Wet 'n' Wild Mega Eyes Crème Shadow is a Eyeshadow.
MAC Invisible Set is a Powder.
NYC Cosmetics Liquid Lipstick is a Lipstick.
Yes to Carrots Lip Butter is a Lip Balm.
Guerlain KissKiss Gloss is a Lipgloss.
Palmers Cocoa Butter Stick is a Lip Balm.
philosophy Kiss Me Intense Lip Therapy is a Lip Balm.
Calvin Klein Light Glistening Lipgloss is a Lipgloss.
Physicians Formula Happy Booster Glow & Mood Boosting Powder is a Powder.
Waterproof. This light, natural looking bronzing powder gives you the perfect sunless tan you want, any time of the year. Hello Sunshine!
Neutrogena Healthy Skin Loose Powder is a Powder.
Maybelline BabySkin Primer is a Primer.
Guerlain Blush 4 Eclat is a Blush.
Korres Silicone-Free Primer is a Primer.
Korres Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation.
Tweezerman Ultra Precision Slant is a Tweezers.
Tweezerman Slanted Tip Tweezers is a Tweezers.
Nivea Smooth Indulgence Hand Cream is a Body.
Soap and Glory Sugar Crush Body Scrub is a Body.
LUSH Buffy the Backside Slayer is a Body.
Neutrogena Healthy Skin Anti-Wrinkle Night Cream is a Moisturizer.
Queen Helene Oatmeal 'n' Honey Natural Facial Scrub is a Face.
L'Oreal HydraFresh Deep Cleanser Gel is a Face.
L'Oreal Skin Genesis Pore Minimizing Gel Cleanser is a Face.
Shiseido Ultimate Sun Protection Cream for Face SPF 55 PA+++ is a Moisturizer.
Clinique Sparkle Skin Body Exfoliator is a Body.
Kiehl's Gentle Exfoliating Body Scrub is a Body.
Estee Lauder DayWear Plus is a Moisturizer.
Jo Malone Body Crème is a Body.
Crabtree and Evelyn Soothing Body Lotion is a Body.
NARS Hydrating Freshening Lotion is a Toner.
Kate Somerville Oil-Free Moisturizer is a Moisturizer.
LUSH Ocean Salt is a Body.
philosophy Purity Made Simple (Foaming) is a Face.
Prescriptives Instant Gratification is a Face.
Kate Somerville Clearing Mask is a Face.
Renee Rouleau Triple Berry Smoothing Peel is a Face.
Renee Rouleau Luxe Mint Cleansing Gel is a Face.
Fresh Soy Face Cleanser is a Face.
Mario Badescu Aloe Vera Lotion is a Toner.
Matte and satin textures collide in this versatile powder of peach, honey, caramel and pink-red shades. Multi-tasks as a highlighter, bronzer and blush for a customized look.
Silky, long-wearing eye shadow delivers an instant pop of colour for a virtually powderless look. Richly pigmented shades build, blend easily to desired level of intensity. Appropriate for contact lens wearers and sensitive eyes.
Urban Decay Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.54 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Gwen knows how to rock a bold lip. Luckily, she was game to get down and dirty with us to mix her perfect shades and ideal textures. She’s worn every lip color in the book, and these are her must-haves. The lineup: eight NEW shades (including two exclusives you can only find here)—from a bright red matte to a shimmering sheer nude and a creamy deep fuchsia. This collection includes our first-ever shade in a finish we’ve dubbed Mega Matte—a super-intense matte that lays down a lot of color in one coat. Every shade features our proprietary Pigment Infusion System™—for a super-creamy texture, rich payout and superior color dispersion.
Our Fresh Face Masks are handmade with the finest essential oils, fresh fruits and veggies, deep cleansing clays and nutrient rich herbs. We use active ingredients to address a host of skin needs, from dryness to breakouts to fine lines, and everything in between!
Clarins' multiprotection sunscreen—with broad-spectrum SPF 50 and an exclusive anti-pollution complex—shields skin from harmful UVA/UVB rays, pollution, and free radicals. It protects skin from the appearance of dark spots and future aging, and preserves skin’s youthfulness and radiance. The sheer, ultra-lightweight texture forms an invisible yet powerful film, making it ideal for application over your regular day care.
Lubiderm Advanced Therapy Triple Smoothing Body Lotion is a Body.
Enriches skin with intense moisture to leave it softer, smoother while soothing skin's dryness for up to 12 hours.
Deborah Lippmann All About That Base CC Base Coat is a Nail Lacquer.
An amazingly rich, non-greasy hand cream that provides intense healing benefits.
Gently exfoliates dry, damaged skin while intensive moisturizers keep your skin protected and smooth. After just one use hands feel noticeably smoother.
Metallic powder highlighters for intense luminosity. Layer shades together or wear them separately on eyes and body. For even more glow, apply with a damp makeup brush.
Anastasia Sunburst is a warm gold with a frost finish that is limited edition.
Ambient® Strobe Lighting Powders are formulated in a sheer base with concentrated ultra-fine mico pearl particles in varying sizes and refraction levels to give off a naturally luminescent highlight to the skin without a heavy metallic finish. 
Kat Von D Bonnie (Shade) is a cool pink with a matte finish that is discontinued.
Shade + Light Two Tone Blush defines your cheeks through the art of color. Kat Von D's two-in-one blush features a duo of complementary matte tones. With seven stunning shades that flatter all complexions and face shapes, this blush stays vibrant for a full 24 hours of wear. 
bareMinerals Blemish Ready Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Aqua Luminous Perfecting Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Boots No7 No 7 Airbrush Away Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Boots No7 No 7 Beautifully Matte SPF 15 (UK) is a Foundation that retails for $13.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Anti-Blemish Solutions Liquid Makeup (UK) is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clinique Chubby in the Nude Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethyl Trisiloxane, Caprylyl Methicone, Bis-Hydroxyethoxypropyl Dimethicone, Isododecane, Dimethicone, Mica, Jojoba Esters, Triethylhexanoin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Silica, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Water, Alcohol, Acacia Decurrens Flower Wax, Polyglycerin-3. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
CoverGirl Olay Tone Rehab 2-in-1 Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dior 010 Ivory is a luminous finish and retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
e.l.f. BB Cream SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $6.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Foundation Serum is a Foundation that retails for $8.00 and contains 0.47 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. HD Mattifying Cream Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $6.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Givenchy Teint Couture Blurring Foundation Balm Broad Spectrum 15 is a Foundation that retails for $43.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Kat Von D Lock-It Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Teint Idole Ultra Longwear Foundation Stick is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Mercier Candleglow Soft Luminous Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Sheer POREfection Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.20 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Infallible Pro-Matte 24HR (UK) is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Lumi Magique Foundation (Australia) is a Foundation. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Lumi Magique Foundation (UK) is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal True Match Lumi Cushion Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $16.99 and contains 0.52 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Matchmaster Shade Intelligence Compact is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.45 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Studio Waterweight SPF 30 Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $33.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 23 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Concealer is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Cameo 20 is a natural finish and retails for $11.99 and contains 1.00 oz.
Maybelline Dream Matte Mousse (UK) is a Foundation that retails for $8.49 and contains 0.64 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Dream velvet Soft-Matte Hydrating Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $10.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aqua / Water / Eau, Cyclohexasiloxane, Nylon-12, Isododecane, Alcohol Denat., Cyclopentasiloxane, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG / PPG-10 / 1 Dimethicone, PEG-20, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Phenoxyethanol, Magnesium Sulfate, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, HDI / Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Titanium Dioxide, Methylparaben, Acrylates Copolymer, Tocopherol, Butylparaben, Aluminum Hydroxide, Alumina, Silica, Glycerin. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Shiseido Mattifying Compact Oil-Free SPF 16 is a Foundation that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.38 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sleek MakeUP BB Beautiful Blemish Balm SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $13.49 and contains 1.76 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sleek MakeUP CC Cream SPF 29 UVA + UVB is a Foundation that retails for $13.49 and contains 0.84 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sleek MakeUP Crème to Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $11.99 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 30 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Aqua Glow Serum Concealer is a Foundation that retails for $27.00 and contains 0.23 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Aqua Glow Serum Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop Fresh Nude Foundation SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Body Shop Moisture White Shiso BB Serum SPF 25 is a Foundation. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vincent Longo Water Canvas is a Foundation that retails for $57.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Beige 20 is a luminous finish and retails for $57.00 and contains 1.00 oz.
Giorgio Armani Maestro Glow is a Foundation that retails for $64.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sugar Lip Treatment SPF 15 blends reparative oils and waxes with real sugar, a natural humectant, for delectable and dependable moisture. Sweet and tart black currant oil, rich in plumping essential fatty acids, cushions the lips while antioxidant grapeseed polyphenols and vitamins A, C, and E provide protection from wrinkle-causing free radicals. It provides essential, year-round protection from damaging UV rays. 
MAX FACTOR 75 Golden is a Foundation.
MAX FACTOR Ageless Elixir 2-in-1 Foundation + Serum is a Foundation. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Colour Adapt Foundation is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Colour Correcting Cream is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Face Finity All Day Flawless 3-in-1 Foundation is a Foundation. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Erace Concealer is a Concealer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Lasting Performance Foundation is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Mastertouch Concealer is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Miracle Match Foundation is a Foundation. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Second Skin Foundation is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Skin Luminizer Foudnation & Eye Luminizer Brightener is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Smooth Effects Foundation is a Foundation. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAX FACTOR Xperience Foundation is a Foundation. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create amazing shadow looks with this clay-infused, pocket-perfect version of tarte’s bestselling Tartelette™ palette. It features four everyday matte shadows paired with two captivating lusters so you can refresh, define, and transition your eyes from day to evening. The flirty, flattering shades feature lid, crease, and highlight pairings so tartelettes can create modern, alluring looks without the guesswork. Powered by tarte’s signature Amazonian clay formula, these shadows offer the same pigmented payoff, blendability, and wear time as with the original tartelette palette, but in a chic, petite case. 
Exuviance Skin Caring Foundation SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverBlend Concealing Treatment Makeup Tube SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $40.00. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
CoverBlend Multi-Function Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $24.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Nude Sensation Foundation is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Air Mat Foundation is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Correcting Concealer Stick is a Concealer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bourjois Healthy Mix Illuminating Brush Concealer is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Avon Extra Lasting Cream-to-Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $12.50 and contains 0.31 oz. There are 21 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Avon Extra Lasting Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $12.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 21 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Play 101 Stick is a Foundation that retails for $14.40. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Big Cover Concealer BB SPF50+/PA+++ is a Concealer that retails for $18.00 and contains 1.05 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Big Cover Tip Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $7.80 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Big Cover Stick Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $7.80 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Moistfull Collagen Foundation SPF50+/PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $21.60. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious BB Cover Bright is a Foundation that retails for $12.40. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral is a Foundation that retails for $21.60 and contains 0.52 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral Pearl Aura is a Foundation that retails for $12.00 and contains 0.52 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral Moist is a Foundation that retails for $21.60 and contains 3.38 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Stay Up Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $15.60 and contains 0.88 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Total Age Repair Revitalizing Royal Two Way Cake is a Foundation that retails for $23.40 and contains 0.45 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Total Age Repair Reduce Royal BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $24.00 and contains 1.76 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral BB Cream Cotton Fit is a Foundation that retails for $18.00 and contains 2.11 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral BB Compact is a Foundation that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Moistfull Super Collagen CC Cream is a Foundation that retails for $21.60 and contains 1.76 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Etude House Precious Mineral BB Cream Blooming Fit is a Foundation.
ARTDECO Eyeshadow Base is a neutral base to ensure even distribution of eye shadow.
Formulated with Vitamin E this creamy Eyeshadow Base nourishes and protects the sensitive eye skin whilst ensuring eye shadow application is easier. Bisabolol calms red eyes ensuring the skin is neutralised before the application of eye shadow.
Perfect for contact lens wearers this base ensures eye shadow particles stay put and does not deposit in the crease of the eye. Colours are distributed evenly resulting in brighter, more intense pigmentation and even the most basic of eye-shadows become longer lasting and brilliant.
An absolute must-have for any eye shadow lover, ARTDECO Eyeshadow base is suitable for any eye shadow and incredibly easy to apply.
ARTDECO Eyeshadow Pearl are shimmering eye colours.
With a long-lasting colour pay-off and amazing colour brilliance ARTDECO Eyeshadow Pearl can be worn alone or blended with other shades.
Fragrance-free these high performance eye shadows are designed to be stored in the refillable ARTDECO Beauty Boxes.
ARTDECO High Definition Foundation is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO High Performance Lifting Foundation is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO High Definition Compact Powder is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ARTDECO Anti-Aging Concealer is a Concealer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Perfecting Last Stick Foundation is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Supreme Cream Foundation SPF 35 PA+++ is a Foundation. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Beauty Metal Cushion Foundation is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Master Skin Concealer is a Concealer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Beauty Metal Cushion Foundation Ex SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Beauty Moisture BB SPF32 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Lumilayer CC Balm SPF35 PA+++ is a Foundation. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL CC Cream SPF25 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Brightening Tone Concealer SPF 35/PA++ is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Brightening Powder Foundation SPF45/PA++ is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Perfecting Last Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Perfecting Wear Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
VDL Real Skin Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Snowise Brightening Serum BB Broad Spectrum Sunscreen SPF50+ is a Foundation that retails for $60.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Perfecting Cushion is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.05 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Perfecting Cushion Brightening is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.05 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Evenfair Smoothing Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $63.84 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Evenfair Smoothing Powder Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Timetreasure Radiance Foundation is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Timetreasure Radiance Powder Foundation is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Pro Tailor Cushion Ex is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Nude Fit Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $37.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Pro Tailor Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $34.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Pro Tailor Cushion is a Foundation that retails for $38.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Even Skin Pressed Powder SPF30 PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $35.50 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Nude Liquid Powder SPF34 PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $35.50 and contains 0.80 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Nude Cushion Dewy SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $38.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Nude Cushion SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $37.00 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Face Slip Hydrating Liquid Foundation SPF20 PA+ is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Espoir Face Slip Hydrating Compact Innovated is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Voluminating Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo CC Emulsion SPF34/PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $60.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sulwhasoo Lumitouch Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $53.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Satin Cover Jelly Pact is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.39 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige BB Cushion Anti-Aging is a Foundation that retails for $49.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Watery Cushion Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $29.50 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige BB Cushion Pore Control SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $46.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Water Base CC Cream SPF36 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $35.50 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige BB Cushion SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $46.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Skin Veil Foundation EX SPF25 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $37.50 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Forever Definite Compact Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $46.50. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Water Supreme Finishing Pact SPF25 PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $43.50. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Water Supreme Foundation SPF15 PA+ is a Foundation that retails for $43.50 and contains 1.20 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laneige Snow BB Cream SPF41/PA++ is a Foundation that retails for $35.50 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Perfect Skin Cover Cake is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.49 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Air Cushion XP Matte Finish is a Foundation that retails for $45.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Air Cushion XP Intense Cover is a Foundation that retails for $45.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Perfect Skin Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $41.50 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Perfect Skin Twin Pact is a Foundation that retails for $43.50 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Perfect Skin Powder is a Foundation that retails for $43.50 and contains 1.23 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE Air Cushion XP SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $47.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE CC Cream is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 1.18 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IOPE UV Shield Sun BB SPF50+ PA+++ is a Foundation that retails for $37.50 and contains 1.35 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Elcie Micro Silque Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot HD Perfect Coverup Foundation is a Foundation. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inglot Stick Foundation is a Foundation. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A new, lip color innovation combines a lip stain with an ultra glossy finish. Presented in a unique, easy-to-use click-pen with a plush sponge-tip applicator, Patent Finish Lip Color delivers intense, vibrant color with long-lasting high-shine. With lightweight texture and flexible, comfortable wear, stay-true color gleams in eight decadent shades.
Tom Ford Beauty Wet/Dry Eye Color Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $80.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Wet/Dry Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Chanel Illuminating Powder Duo is a Cheek Palette that retails for $70.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Surratt Beauty Prismatique Eyes is a Eye Palette that retails for $38.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Surratt Beauty Prismatique Eyes Cream Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Surratt Beauty Prismatique Eyes Glitter Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Cetyl Dimethicone, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Hydrogenated Polycyclopentadiene, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Isododecane, Disodium Edta, Tocopheryl Acetate, Bambusa Arundinacea Stem Powder, Barium Sulfate; May Contain:Talc, Ci 77891/Titanium Dioxide, Ci 77491/Ci 77492/Ci 77499/Iron Oxides, Ci 77007/Ultramarines, Ci 77742/Manganese Violet, Silica, Tin Oxide, Ci 75470/Carmine, Ci 42090/Blue 1 Lake, Ci 19140/Yellow 5 Lake, Ci 77510/Ferric Ferrocyanide, Ci 77288/Chromium Oxide Greens.
Wet 'n' Wild Geometric Highlighting Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $2.99 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
As addictive as your favorite photo filter! This sheer silky powder creates soft focus perfection and will quickly become your new beauty bestie. Droplets of pure pigments blur flaws, balance your skin tone and illuminate your face with a warm natural glow. Swirl it on liberally over your makeup—there’s no such thing as too much—for the perfect finish.
Mix, match, and layer to create a wardrobe of eye looks. These versatile eye shadow palettes are perfect for sweeping on color that works for everyday looks and for creating dramatic eyes for the evening. Each long-wearing shade is crease- and fade-resistant, and the eight-pan palettes are encased in a deluxe-sized, mirrored compact with a dual-ended sponge/brush applicator. Layer on multiple eye colors for added depth and dimension that lasts.

Natasha Denona Eyeshadow Palette 10 is a Eye Palette that retails for $95.00 and contains 0.80 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This highly metallic eyeshadow, has a super pearled finish, with deep anti-aging benefits, due to the moisture force of natural waxes. The blendable texture, gives the shadow the option of being applied as a soft and more subtle shade, or built up to a full and vibrant coverage.
Natasha Denona Eyeshadow Palette 28 is a Eye Palette that retails for $239.00 and contains 2.24 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This “Ultra Pearled” eyeshadow, creates a fantastic and dazzling sparkly effect. Its extreme pearly and creamy texture, has a high color payoff, guaranteeing a full coverage and long-wearing look.
This highly metallic and duo pigmented eyeshadow, has a super pearled finish, with deep anti-aging benefits, due to the moisture force of natural waxes. The blendable texture, gives the shadow the option of being applied as a soft and more subtle shade, or built up to a full and vibrant coverage.
A highly pigmented “matte finish” eyeshadow, this product will provide excellent coverage, with high definition for a great long lasting effect, that won't fade away.
Contour, highlight, and bring a pop of color to your complexion with this multifaceted cheek palette. The four blush shades give you natural, healthy-looking color that immediately brightens up the complexion. Then highlight skin with a diffused, golden shimmer hue and get a natural-looking tan with Laguna Bronzing Powder. With a duo of contouring shades to sculpt the face, The Paloma Contour Powder is perfect for creating seamless, subtle dimension with one sculpting product. The deeper shade enhances definition while the lighter shade illuminates the high points of the face, providing an instant soft-focus effect without shine or shimmer.

Discover the limited edition Spring/Summer 2016 Runway Palette. A lightweight illuminating face powder set with an intricate lace-pattern design, inspired by the delicate fabrics from the womenswear show. Capturing the essence of a Burberry glow, the buildable luminous White shade fuses flattering, subtle highlighting with runway-inspired yet effortless strobing techniques. Complexions are illuminated and features defined by sweeping the pearly, translucent powder across areas of the face, where light would naturally hit.
Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Tin Oxide, Sericite Mica, Synthetic Wax, Zinc Stearate, Isopropyl Myristate, Bis- Vinyl Dimethicone Copolymer, Dimethicone. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI77491, CI77492, CI77499), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI77510), Carmine (CI75470).
MAC Haute Contour (Blush) is a warm pink with a pearl finish that is limited edition.
MAC Eye Z You that is limited edition and retails for $43.50 and contains 0.19 oz.
MAC Zac Posen Powder Blush Duo is a Cheek Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Instantly bring color and life to your cheeks with LORAC Color Source Buildable Blush. These silky-smooth matte and satin blushes are paraben-free and infused with anti-aging antioxidants such as Pomegranate, Acai and Vitamins A, C & E. In a wide spectrum of complexion-enhancing hues, these buildable blushes can be worn sheer for a natural flush of color or layered for a dramatic effect. Become a beautiful, sensual source of color with LORAC.
Transform lips with juicy and vibrant color. Lip Parfait's range of shades deliver incredible conditioning and comfortable application. The non-sticky formula provides the comfort of a lip balm, the coverage of a lipstick, and the shine of a gloss in just one swipe. Leave lips looking fuller, plumper, and ultra-soft for an alluring, youthful-looking lip look. 
For a new take on tradition, M∙A∙C introduces Modern Twist Kajal Liner, a kohl-like liner that’s sultry, seductive and maybe a little bit scandalous. The easy-glide formula makes this pencil a one-stroke wonder with a silky, soft texture that’s perfect for rimming the sensitive waterline. Its colour intensity and extreme depth creates a look with unparalleled impact. The long-wearing waterproof formula locks in your look for hours.
Radiant and highly pigmented powder blush. Long lasting colour.
Mica, Polybutene, Mineral Oil (Paraffinum Liquidum), Triethylhexanoin, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Tocopheryl Acetate, Parfum, Tocopherol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499).
The intensity of a lipstick, the shine of a lipgloss and the comfort of a lip balm — all in one creamy yet lightweight formula. This innovative formula is enriched with nourishing Apple Seed Extract and hydrating Jojoba Oil and Coconut Oil. Silk Powder, Beeswax and special ingredients help visibly smooth, plump and add brilliant 3D shine to the lips. A spectrum of eight irresistible shades features pinks, reds, nudes and corals. In a convenient, twist-up ‘stylo’ form to write your colour signature.
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil**, Glyceryl Rosinate*, Cera Alba (Beeswax)**, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil**, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter**, Triisostearyl Citrate*, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil**, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax*, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil*, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil**, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax**, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Cera (Wax)*, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil*, Flavor (Aroma), Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax*, Acacia Decurrens Flower Wax*, Polyglyceryin-3*, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil**, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Extract**, Silk Powder*, Pearl Powder*, Glyceryl Oleate*, Olea Europaea (Olive) Oil Unsaponifiables*, Trans-Resveratrol*, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil**, Almond (Prunus Dulcis) Oil**, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil**, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil**, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil**, Prunus Armeniaca (Apricot) Kernel Oil**, Punica Granatum (Pomegranate) Seed Oil**, Siraitia Grosvenorii (Monk Fruit) Extract*. +/- May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891)*, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499)*, Carmine (Ci 75470)*, Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Yellow 6 Lake (Ci 15985), Red 40 Lake (Ci 16035), Red 6 Lake (Ci 15850), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Red 27 Lake (Ci 45410), Red 28 Lake (Ci 45410), Red 30 Lake (Ci 73360), Red 33 Lake (Ci 17200), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742)*. * Natural ** Organic
Drench lips in moisture-rich ingredients and creamy, full coverage color with this longwearing satin matte lipstick. Powered by tarte’s Rainforest of the Sea™ antioxidant complex and natural, lip-loving™ oils and butters, this vibrant, vegan friendly formula helps firm, treat and protect lips while delivering intense hydration and smoothing over the appearance of fine lines. The crisp, precise tip allows you to easily define and contour lips, delivering a rich, long-lasting color veil in bold and everyday shades.
Like a drink of water for your lips, this tinted lip balm shields and rescues lips from early signs of aging, while delivering intense hydration and soft, subtle color. The antioxidant and vitamin-rich lip quencher is powered by a blend of essential extracts and oils to help restore the softness, moisture and elasticity that escapes lips over time while providing a protective antioxidant barrier against daily aggressors. The tinted everyday formula is vegan friendly and gently melts into skin to smooth over the look of lip lines with a radiant, dewy finish.
sunlight and moonlight ingredients: Mica, dimethicone, dimethicone/vinyl dimethicone crosspolymer, isoeicosane, polyethylene, isostearyl alcohol, polyisobutene, polysilicone-11, dimethiconol, trimethylsiloxysilicate, polypropylsilsesquioxane, caprylyl glycol, phenoxyethanol, silica, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, hexylene glycol, algae extract, gardenia tahitensis flower extract, tocopherol, tin oxide, laureth-4. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492).
filtered light ingredients: Mica, dimethicone, dimethicone/vinyl dimethicone crosspolymer, isoeicosane, polyethylene, isostearyl alcohol, polyisobutene, polysilicone-11, dimethiconol, trimethylsiloxysilicate, polypropylsilsesquioxane, caprylyl glycol, phenoxyethanol, silica, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, hexylene glycol, algae extract, gardenia tahitensis flower extract, tocopherol, tin oxide, laureth-4. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492).
Tarte Skin Twinkle Lighting Powder is a Highlighter. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, octyldodecyl stearoyl stearate, talc, kaolin, dimethicone, zinc stearate, cetyl dimethicone, bis-diglyceryl polyacyladipate-2, pentylene glycol, caprylyl glycol, dimethicone/vinyl dimethicone crosspolymer, sorbitan sesquiisostearate, sodium dehydroacetate, algae extract, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, gardenia tahitensis flower extract, tocopherol. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), ultramarines (CI 77007), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Powered by tarte’s Rainforest of the Sea™ complex, each antioxidant-rich, vegan friendly shadow helps hydrate and balance lids, and features a new, creamy powder formula that’s never drying or chalky. The pigmented, blendable shades include a mix of liner, lid, crease and highlight shadows in wearable mattes and metallics to define and contour eyes.
The newly-renovated 5-free formula features Bioceramics and Ceramides to improve the quality of nails. In an arresting palette of 15 trend-setting shades, including bestselling cult favorites and daring new colours.
DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, ISODODECANE, DIISOSTEARYL MALATE, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, PROPYLENE, CARBONATE, HYDROGENATED POLYISOBUTENE, C10-18 TRIGLYCERIDES, ORYZA SATIVA (RICE) BRAN WAX, PENTYLENE GLYCOL , SILICA SILYLATE, SILICA, POLYETHYLENE [+/- BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491), IRON OXIDES (CI 77492), IRON OXIDES (CI 77499), MICA (CI 77019), RED 27 LAKE (CI 45410), RED 28 LAKE (CI 45410), RED 6 (CI 15850), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850), TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140:1), YELLOW 6 LAKE (CI 15985)].
Colour Pop Lip Pencil is a Lip Liner. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Worthy of a queen, the rose-toned satin blush adds a royal touch of color and freshness to the cheeks, while the darker contour hue enhances definition and the luminizer brightens the face, adding an illuminating veil of radiance. The lightweight texture blends seamlessly and easily with the skin, resulting in a flawless, natural-looking glow.
Zoeva Rose Golden Contour is a Contour. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Zoeva Rose Golden Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Zoeva Rose Golden Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ZOEVA’s new Luxe Color Blush is a perfection of a silky microfine blended powder for a velvety smooth application. The long-lasting and fade-proof formula lights up your features from sunrise to nighttime and enhances your complexion with a radiant glow in an instant. Be your most beautiful you, all day long. The soft texture creates a thin and light protective film to shade, layer and sculpt your cheekbones with a natural, fresh and healthy pop of color. Infused with apricot oil and vitamin E the ZOEVA Luxe Color Blush caresses your skin with a glowing finish like it was lit from the inside. This formula is free of parabens, fragrance, mineral oil and phthalates.
Active Ingredients: Titanium Dioxide (6.23%), Zinc Oxide (3.84%). Inactive ingredients: Water, glycerin, isododecane, cyclopentasiloxane, phenyl trimethicone, nylon-12, dipropylene glycol, caprylic/capric triglyceride, cyclohexasiloxane, SD Alcohol 40-B, aluminum starch octenylsuccinate, butylene glycol, cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 dimethicone, magnesium sulfate, alumina, PEG-9 polydimethylsiloxyethyl dimethicone, silica, talc, iron oxides, sorbitan isostearate, stearalkonium hectorite, polyglyceryl-4 isostearate, hexyl laurate, aluminum hydroxide, stearic acid, caprylyl glycol, propylene carbonate, dimethicone, hydrogen dimethicone, phenoxyethanol, triethoxycaprylylsilane, tocopheryl acetate, 1,2-hexanediol, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, algae extract, gardenia tahitensis flower extract, tocopherol.
A black-based eyeliner colored only with distinct and ultra-reflective pearls that give the product its unique color. 
Talc, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Magnesium Stearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Mica, Dimethicone, Dimethiconol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Dehydroacetic Acid, Cera Alba, Prunus Armeniaca Kernel (Apricot) Oil, [May Contain. +/- CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 15850 (Red 6 Lake), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 77499 (Iron Oxide)]. 
The buildable formula ensures an easy application of seamless color for a healthy, sun-kissed finish, reminiscent of the glowing warmth of summer all year long.
Illuminate. Contour. Blush. Radiant, sun-kissed color for face, cheeks and eyes.
Let the sun worship you.
Estee Lauder Summer Glow Highlighter is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Summer Glow Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Summer Glow Contour is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create a gorgeous flush of color with The Barest Blush. It’s infused with micronized pigments and sunflower seed oil to create even, natural-looking color.
Meet the most comfortable matte lipstick you’ll ever wear. Innovative high-pigment formula applies creamy as it warms to the skin, softening into stunningly saturated, non-drying matte color that stays plush and wearable. No-bleed, no-feathering formula is infused with Lotus Flower Extract to soothe and hydrate, leaving lips soft, supple, and beautifully matte. Who says you can’t have it all?
YSL Rose Folk (43) is a Lipgloss.
May Contain: Mica, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Boron Nitride, Carmine CI 75470, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Polyethylene (&) PTFE, Titanium Dioxide Ci 77891, Zinc Stearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Nylon-12, Triethylhexanoin, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Kaolin, FD&C Red No. 40 Aluminum Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Isoeicosane, Magnesium Stearate, Polyisobutene, Talc, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Poloxamer 338, Silica, Manganese Violet CI 77742
MAC Charlotte Olympia Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Charlotte Olympia Cream Colour Base is a Blush that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.16 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Charlotte Olympia Pigment is a Eyeshadow that retails for $23.00 and contains 0.03 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sweep on this ultra-silky, luxurious powder for enhanced definition and a healthy-looking glow.
Wear Prismatique Lips alone for sheer, glistening shine or layered upon other lip colors for a brilliant highlighting effect. The Japanese formula suspends multidimensional, shimmering pigments within rich, moisturizing color. It glides on effortlessly and has a luxurious feel. 
Never stop blushing with COVERGIRL’S New truBLEND blush! This blush makeup has a new marbled baked formula that’s ultra-blendable and delivers a beautiful, multi-toned result designed to fit light, medium and deep skin tones alike.

COVERGIRL’S New truBLEND Bronzer has a marble-baked formula that blends instantly with skin
making bronzer lines a thing of the past.
There’s nothing sexier than bronzy, glowing skin—sans the sun damage, of course. When you get the look right, it’s SO right. But get it wrong, and you risk looking like you had a run-in with an Oompa-Loompa (not pretty). Nail the golden goddess look every time with Beached Bronzer. Dust this silky powder on your face or all over your whole bod—and look like you spent a week hanging out on the sunny beaches of Fiji (rather than in a drab, windowless office). Our finely milled, super-soft formula applies smoothly, doesn’t streak, and creates a radiant glow that won’t quit. Get Beached (not burned); these universally flattering matte shades provide sheer, natural-looking coverage every time. 
Afterglow isn’t your average highlighter; we took the time to finely mill the powder until it was just right. The result: a lightweight (yet luxurious) feel and a super-soft, creamy texture. Afterglow Highlighter goes on sheer and blends easily. Use a little or a lot; our wearable formula always applies beautifully, no matter how much you build it (and never leaves just a powdery dusting of shimmer). Available in a range of shades suitable for any skin tone, Afterglow creates a glowy, strobed effect that lasts all day (even if you’re crashing at your desk by 3pm).
Two innovative formulas in one lip product. In the center, a liquid core infused with passion fruit oil provides luxurious moisture in a pink pop of color throughout every Moisturecore Lip Color shade. A luminous lip color encases the core, infused with an exotic blend of melon fruit extract, murumuru butter and plant-derived esters that help condition lips. Sprinkled with subtle golden pearl to complement bronzed, summer skin. Shades, ranging from sandy nude to rosy mauve, provide a soft veil of lightweight color that lasts for hours.
Full-coverage, high-shine lip color that moisturizes lips. Lips appear smoother, softer and suppler, while reducing lip flaking. Luminous and vivid lip color lasts up to 6 hours.
A luxurious powder blush baked to perfection. Lightweight and easy to use, our luminous silky smooth application leaves your cheeks flush with a radiant glow. Paraben-free. For all skin types.
Give your cheeks and face natural, healthy-looking color all year long with this beautiful baked powder by Laura Mercier that highlights and accentuates your cheekbones. Its nondrying, non-dusty formula is long-wearing and color true and won't oxidize for even wear. It applies smoothly and blends effortlessly. Your skin is left beautifully bronzed, glowing, healthy and spirited.
L'Oréal's Colour Riche Monos Eye Shadows are celebrating color and its everyday expression! This collection of colors was reinvented with new technology and an easy application gesture inspired by makeup artists. These shadows include essential matte and shimmer colors for the everyday woman to build her makeup wardrobe.
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Nylon-12, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Silica, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, O-Cymen-5-OL. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035)] 
A collection of shocking, pigment-packed, multidimensional metallics. 
Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire d'Abeille, Kaolin, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Cyclohexasiloxane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Aluminum Benzoate, Water, Butylene Glycol, Caprylyl Glycol, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Glyceryl Behenate/Eicosadioate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil/Helianthus Annuus Seed Oil, Hexylene Glycol, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil/Persea Gratissima Oil, Phenoxyethanol, Portulaca Pilosa Extract, Propylene Carbonate, Retinyl Palmitate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Sucrose Cocoate, Tocopherol. May Contain (+/-): Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410).
M∙A∙C Versicolour, the ultimate fusion of gloss + stain, all in one fluid formula that melts onto lips for a full-on glassy shine that lasts and lasts and lasts. Infused with emollient oils, its creamy, lightweight texture stays bright, lustrous and so comfortable without ever cracking or peeling. Like an energy shot for your lips, a range of resilient hues live long into the day (and night). Welcome to your new obsession.
The hydrating plumping formula produces a natural volume effect instantly and day after day. Bursting with hyaluronic acid spheres that capture and retain the surrounding water, its formula seems to quench lips, leaving them full and lastingly moisturized. With 70% mirror-shine stretch oils, Dior Addict Ultra-Gloss glides smoothly over the lips to create a spectacular glossy effect with a film so fine and comfortable you almost forget it's there.
Tom Ford debuts his first luxurious face palette with the Soleil Contouring Compact, featuring three sensual summer shades in one limited-edition, ivory- and gold-colored compact. The blush, highlighter and bronzer inside add natural dimension and sensuous color to your skin with cream-like powder formulas that glide effortlessly onto your face for a soft, even finish. Vibrant coral blush gives your cheeks the perfect flush of color; nude highlighter mimics the sun reflecting off the skin; and sultry bronzer enhances your healthy radiance. Use the shades alone or together to contour. Each provides sheer-to-medium coverage that is both matte and radiant.
Tom Ford Beauty Soleil Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Soleil Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty The Afternooner (Bronzer) is a warm brown with a semi-matte finish that is limited edition.
The Sweet Peach Eye Shadow Collection Palette is infused with the juicy scent and antioxidant-rich essence of peach. Create endless looks with 18 shades of peachy pinks, corals, bronzes, and pops of purples that will leave your eyes looking warm weather-fresh all year long. It features a Glamour Guide with three eye looks to get you started. 
Rich and lustrous Lip Covers dress to express with saturated slicks of coastal color.
Create a full face that flatters any skintone with bareMinerals’ The Neutral Attraction For Eyes & Cheeks. Featuring 10 universally flattering, easy-to-love neutrals, you can’t go wrong no matter how you wear or layer them. They provide skin-nourishing properties and saturated color that resists creasing, fading, and smudging while staying put for up to 12 hours. 
Step up your contoured eye looks with the Shade + Light Eye Contour Quad. Featuring four specially curated palettes with matte shades, these quads spotlight Kat Von D’s high pigment, silky, and blendable eye shadows in a covetable, coffin-shaped palette. Bring out the best in your eyes with a neutral base, and then use the contour, define, and highlight shades to create your ideal eye shape. Each quad includes an easy-to-follow how-to insert, illustrated by Kat Von D, so you can lift, define, widen, and narrow eyes with color.

Master a tarteist™ glow with four flawless shades of the award-winning Amazonian clay 12-hour blush. A staple for celebrity makeup artists and beauty influencers, the whisperlight, pigment-packed powder blush is powered by Amazonian clay and great for all skin types for 12 hours of fade-free wear. The four new, limited-edition shades include warm neutrals and high-impact bolds, and come in a trendy, travel-friendly palette with mirror so you’re picturesque and selfie-ready no matter the occasion. 
BECCA’s Shimmering Skin Perfector™ Luminous Blush features multi-dimensional, versatile blushes to create a subtle, shimmering flush. Specially designed to flatter all skintones, this collection is inspired by the fan favorite Shimmering Skin Perfector—just the right balance of color and light. Wear them alone for subtle blushed luminosity, or as a blush topper layered on top of your favorite matte blush for an added pop of radiance.
Burberry Beauty introduces London with Love, a limited-edition palette featuring a blush and highlighter that boost your complexion with a rosy glow. Set in an embossed heart pattern, the hues adds natural radiance to your face while subtly illuminating it, too. Flattering on all skin tones, the blush and highlighter can be worn separately or blended together for a customizable finish.
Lacquer up your lippies with this glossy version of tarte’s longwearing tarteist™ lip paint. This luxe, liquid lip paint features concentrated pigments in a conditioning serum for gorgeous color with a hydrating, glossy finish. Vegan friendly, natural skin soothers and conditioners leave lips soft, supple and nourished while the high-shine, non-sticky formula pumps up the volume for a fuller, pouty look. Available in natural and trendy nudes and plums, you can paint on precise pigment using the slanted paint brush wand and deliver sexy color and shine in a simple tarteist™ stroke. 
Apply on the top of the cheekbones, down the center of nose, center of the forehead, top of chin, cupids bow, under the eye brow, on the eye lid and collar bones to pull your features forward. Apply directly to desired areas and blend immediately with fingertips or brush of choice- we love to use a small to full size duo- fiber brush with good movement (not too stiff!).
Apply under the cheekbones, down the nose, top of the forehead, jawline and eyes (in the contour/ crease) to slenderize your features, create shadows and definition. Apply directly to desired areas and blend immediately with fingertips or brush of choice- we love to use a medium to full size duo- fiber brush with good movement (not too stiff!).
Active: Octinoxate 7.5%, Zinc Oxide 3.4%. Inactive: Water, Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Adipic Acid/Neopentyl Glycol Crosspolymer, Lauryl Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Isononyl Isononanoate, Propylene Glycol, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-2 Isostearate, Glycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Propanediol, Isopropyl Myristate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Sodium Chloride, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Xanthan Gum, Silica, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aspergillus Ferment, Evodia Rutaecarpa Fruit Extract, Isoceteth-10, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Ethoxydiglycol, Propylene Carbonate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder, BHT, Sorbic Acid. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Mica, Talc, Nylon-12, Dimethicone, Silica, 30-45 Alkyl Dimethicone, C12-20 Acid PEG-8 Ester, Phenyl Trimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Dimethiconol Stearate, Dimethiconol, Alumina, Lauroyl Lysine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Simmondsia Chinensis Seedoil, Centella Asiatica Extract, Propylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Phenoxyethanol, Potassium Sorbate. May Contain: CI 77288 (Chromium Green Oxides), CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide).
Active: Titianium Dioxide 21%. Inactive: Caprylic / Capric Triglyceride, Coconut Alkanes, Silica, Coco-Caprylate / Caprate, Jojoba Esters, Lecithin, Chondrus Crispus Extract, Rosa Centifolia Flower Extract, Iris Pallida Leaf Extract, Parfum (All Natural). May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Methyl Perfluorobutyl Ether, Kaolin, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Aqua (Water / Eau), Silica, Cetyl PEG / PPG-10 / 1 Dimethicone, Polysilicone-11, Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, PEG / PPG-18 / 18 Dimethicone, Lecithin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, C18-36 Acid Triglyceride, Phenoxyethanol, Propylene Carbonate, Caprylyl Glycol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Decyl Glucoside, Hexylene Glycol, BHT. May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides).
Mica, Talc, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Nylon-12, Zinc Stearate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated C6-14 Olefin Polymers, Phenyl Trimethicone, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Methicone, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Glyceryl Caprylate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Kaolin, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Methicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Butylene Glycol, Carbomer, Glycerin, Polysorbate 20, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7. May Contani: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Zinc Oxide (CI 77947).
Water/Aqua/Eau, dimethicone, octyldodecyl neopentanoate, glycerin, SD alcohol 40-B (alcohol denat.), butylene glycol, PEG/PPG-18/18 dimethicone, stearic acid, aluminum hydroxide, glyceryl polyacrylate, magnesium ascorbyl phosphate, glycosphingolipids, hordeum vulgare extract, rosa canina fruit extract, nylon-12, kaolin, sodium hyaluronate, sodium hyaluronate crosspolymer, caprylic/capric triglyceride, palmitic acid, atelocollagen, zea mays (corn) starch, hydrolyzed corn starch octenylsuccinate, hydrolyzed corn starch, pentylene glycol, disteardimonium hectorite, methyl diisopropyl propionamide, ethyl menthane carboxamide, menthyl lactate, lauryl laurate, pentaerythrityl tetraisostearate, silica dimethyl silylate, sodium chondroitin sulfate, acrylates crosspolymer, triethoxycaprylylsilane, methicone, dextrin palmitate, xanthan gum, sodium chloride, disodium EDTA, sodium dehydroacetate, ethylhexylglycerin, hexylene glycol, caprylyl glycol, phenoxyethanol, mica. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
The Estee Edit Skin Glowing Balm Makeup with Pink Peony is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Niacinamide, Pentylene Glycol, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cyclomethicone, C30-45 Alkyl Cetearyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Methylpropanediol, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Magnesium Sulfate, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, PhenylTrimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Butyl Avocadate, Disodium EDTA, Cananga Odorata Flower Extract, Chamaecyparis Obtusa Oil, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Flower Water, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Water, Mentha Rotundifolia Leaf Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Water, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Leaf Water, Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Flower Water, Argania Spinosa Kernel Extract, Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Rosa Multiflora Fruit Extract, Carbomer, Propyl Gallate, Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499).
NARS Velvet Skin Tint Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
TALC
PERLITE
TRIISOSTEARIN
PHENYL TRIMETHICONE
MAGNESIUM STEARATE
CAPRYLYL GLYCOL
Octinoxate 3.5%, Titanium Dioxide 4.3%. Inactive: Aqua ((Water) Eau) , Cyclopentasiloxane , Dimethicone , Phenyl Trimethicone , Glycerin , PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone , Boron Nitride , Trimethylsiloxysilicate , Disteardimonium Hectorite , Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer , Palmitoyl Tripeptide-5 , Acetyl Hexapeptide-8 , Niacinamide , Triolein , Sodium Hyaluronate , Lecithin , Glycyrrhetinimidyl Hydroxyproline Methyl Ester, Phytosteryl Canola Glycerides , Hydrolyzed Glycosaminoglycans , Acetyl Hydroxyproline , Glycyrrhetinic Acid , Tocopherol , Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate , Tocopheryl Acetate , Linoleic Acid , Pullulan, Sorbitol, Trehalose, Alumina , Silica , Laureth-7 , Acacia Sengal Gum , Sodium Chloride , Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate , Dimethicone Crosspolymer , Methicone , Xanthan Gum , Triethoxycaprylylsilane , Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate , C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate , Sodium Citrate , Dipropylene Glycol , Stearic Acid , Palmitic Acid , Oleic Acid , Tetrasodium EDTA , Potassium Sorbate , Phenoxyethanol , Caprylyl Glycol. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Foundation Broad Spectrum SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
AQUA [(WATER) EAU]. CYCLOMETHICONE. TITANIUM DIOXIDE. TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE. BUTYLENE GLYCOL. DIMETHICONE. CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE. ZINC OXIDE. POLYGLYCERYL-4 ISOSTEARATE. HDI/TRIMETHYLOL HEXYLLACTONE CROSSPOLYMER. NYLON-12. PHENYL TRIMETHICONE. BORON NITRIDE. MAGNESIUM SULFATE. ISODODECANE. METHICONE. LAURETH-7. TOCOPHEROL ACETATE. ETHYLENE BRASSYLATE. TRIBEHENIN. BISABOLOL. SILICA. ALUMINA. POLYSORBATE 20. POLYSORBATE 80. AMMONIUM POLYACRYLOYLDIMETHYL TAURATE. SORBITAN SESQUIOLEATE. TETRASODIUM EDTA. PHENOXYETHANOL. METHYLPARABEN. ETHYLPARABEN. PROPYLPARABEN.MAY CONTAIN: MICA. TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891). IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163).
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Glycerin, Sodium PCA, Glycereth-26, Dimethicone, Dipropylene Glycol, Arbutin, Beta-Glucan, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Methylsilanol Hydroxyproline Aspartate, Panthenol, Alteromonas Ferment Extract, Phenyl Trimethicone, Acrylates/Dimethicone Coploymer, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Sodium Hyaluronate, Allantoin, Adenosine, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Butylene Glycol, Stearic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, PEG/PPG-20/15 Dimethicone, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Alumina, Mica, Citric Acid, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Levulinate, Sodium Anisate, Iron Oxide (C.I. 77499), Iron Oxide (C.I. 77491), Iron Oxide (C.I. 77492).
ater (Aqua), Cyclopentasiloxane, Isononyl Isononanoate, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Mica, Glycerin, BIS-PEG/PPG-14/14 Dimethicone, VP/Eicosene Copolymer, Bis-Vinyl Dimethicone/Dimethicone Copolymer, Ozokerite, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Sodium Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Beeswax (Cera Alba), Glycereth-18 Ethylhexanoate, Potassium Sorbate, Silica, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Xanthan Gum, Isododecane, Propylene Carbonate, Prunus Domestica Fruit Extract, Glycereth-18, Aluminum Dimyristate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Allantoin, C30-45 Alkyl Cetearyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Polyisobutene, C18-21 Alkane. +/- May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Active: Titanium Dioxide 20%, Zinc Oxide 16%. Inactive: Mica, Lauroyl Lysine, Zinc Stearate, Ethylhexyl, Palmitate, Silica, Water, Glycerin, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Carica Papaya Fruit Extract, Punica Granatum Extract, Vitis Vinifera Grape Seed Extract, Chamomilla Recutita Matricaria Flower Extract, Camellia Oleifera Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Rosa Canina Flower Extract, Olea Europaea Olive Fruit Extract, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Silk Powder, Niacinamide, Retinyl Palmitate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Hyaluronic Acid, Cholesteryl Oleyl Carbonate, Cholesteryl Nonanoate, Cholesteryl Chloride, Butylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Sonia Kashuk Perfecting Luminous Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $12.99 and contains 0.60 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sonia Kashuk Take Cover Concealing Stick is a Concealer that retails for $8.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sonia Kashuk All Covered Up is a Concealer that retails for $9.99. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sonia Kashuk Liquid Light Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $8.99. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Miss Sporty Morning Baby! BB Cream Matte is a Foundation. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Miss Sporty Mission Correction Foundation is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
100% Pure Conceal It is a Concealer that retails for $28.50 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
100% Pure Hydra Fluid Foundation Drops is a Foundation that retails for $36.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Isononyl isononanoate, Isostearyl neopentanoate, Cera microcristallina (Microcrystalline wax), Polyethylene, Silica, Ceresin, Aluminum starch octenylsuccinate, C20-40 Acid, Talc, Nylon-12, Polymethyl methacrylate, Aqua (Water), Tocopheryl acetate, Pearl powder, Simmondsia chinensis (Jojoba) seed oil, Glycine soja (Soybean) oil, Squalane, Aloe barbadensis (Aloe vera) leaf extract, Ubiquinone, BHT. May Contain (+/-): CI 77491 / 77492/ 77499 (Iron oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium dioxide)
Talc, Mica, Dimethicone, Titanium dioxide, Nylon-12, Boron nitride, Polyethylene, Silica, Octyldodecyl stearoyl stearate, Aluminum starch octenylsuccinate, Lauroyl lysine, Pentaerythrityl tetraisostearate, Polyperfluoromethylisopropyl ether, Aqua (Water), C9-15 fluoroalcohol phosphate, Methicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Tocopherol, Camphor, Eucalyptus globulus leaf oil, Eugenia caryophyllus (Clove) leaf oil, Menthol. May Contain (+/-): CI 77163 (Bismuth oxychloride), CI 77491 / 77492/ 77499 (Iron oxides)
Talc, Mica, Titanium dioxide, Dimethicone, Octyldodecyl stearoyl stearate, Diisostearyl malate, Polyethylene, C9-15 fluoroalcohol phosphate, Prunus armeniaca (Apricot) kernel oil, Isopropyl myristate, Methicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Tocopherol, Chamomilla recutita (Matricaria) flower extract. May Contain (+/-): CI 77491/ 77492 / 77499(Iron oxides).
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Kaolin, Synthetic Wax, Talc, Nylon-12, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Octocrylene, Microcrystalline Wax, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Beeswax, Cetearyl Alcohol, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, MAY CONTAIN (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491/ CI 77492/ CI 77499).
Isononyl isononanoate, Ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, Cera microcristallina (Microcrystalline wax), Cera alba (Beeswax), Silica, Phenyl trimethicone, Nylon-12, Octyldodecanol, Bis-diglyceryl polyacyladipate-2, Euphorbia cerifera (Candelilla) wax, Synthetic wax, Mica, Polyethylene, Copernicia cerifera (Carnauba) wax, Tocopheryl acetate, Decyl alcohol, Lauroyl lysine, Retinyl palmitate, Arachis hypogaea (Peanut) oil, BHT, Tocopherol, May contain : CI 77491 (Iron oxides), CI 77492 (Iron oxides), CI 77499 (Iron oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium dioxide)
Aqua (Water), Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene glycol, Glycerin, PEG-10 dimethicone, Silica, Ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, Talc, Paraffinum liquidum (Mineral oil), Disteardimonium hectorite, Cyclomethicone, Mica, Phenoxyethanol, Isostearic acid, Dimethicone, Aluminum hydroxide, Dimethicone crosspolymer, Methylparaben, Aluminium hydroxide, Tocopheryl acetate, Citrus aurantium bergamia (Bergamot) fruit oil, Citrus aurantium dulcis (Orange) peel oil, Sodium hyaluronate, Dimethicone/methicone copolymer, Vaccinium myrtillus (Bilberry) fruit/leaf extract, Saccharum officinarum (Sugar cane) extract, BHT, Citrus aurantium dulcis (Orange) fruit extract, Citrus medica limonum (Lemon) fruit extract, Acer saccharum (Sugar maple) extract. May contain (+/-): CI 77491/ CI 77492/ CI 77499 (Iron oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium dioxide).
Isononyl isononanoate, Titanium dioxide, Phenyl trimethicone, Isopropyl palmitate, Silica, Nylon-12, Zinc oxide, Ceresin, Cera alba (Beeswax), Silica dimethyl silylate, Methylstyrene/vinyltoluene copolymer, Cera microcristallina (Microcrystalline wax), Copernicia cerifera (Carnauba) wax, Mica, 4-Methylbenzylidene camphor, Ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, Tocopheryl acetate, Parfum (Fragrance), Ascorbyl dipalmitate, Persea gratissima (Avocado) oil, Isopropyl myristate, Lauroyl lysine, Morus nigra (Mulberry) leaf extract, BHT, Tocopherol. May Contain (+-): CI 77491 (Iron oxides), CI 77492 (Iron oxides), CI 77499 (Iron oxides).
Water (Aqua), Propylene Glycol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Glycerin, Stearic Acid, Glyceryl Stearate, Methylpropanediol, Cyclopentasiloxane, Aluminium Starch Octenylsuccinate, Phenoxyethanol, Cyclohexasiloxane, Triethanolamine, Lecithin, Magnesium Aluminium Silicate, Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Limonene, Caprylyl Glycol, Cellulose Gum, Propylene Glycol Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E), Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernal Oil, Punica Granatum (Pomegranate) Extract, Flavour (Aroma), Polysorbate 20, Sorbitan Laurate, Phenylpropanol, Citrus Paradisi (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Propylene Glycol Laurate, Citral, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide CI 77891, Iron Oxides CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 (CI 19140)
Ingredients/Ingrédients / Made in Taiwan – Net Wt / Poids Net 2.5 g / 0.08 oz ℮ Isododecane, Ozokerite, Cyclopentasiloxane, Ceresin, Paraffin, Polybutene, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopherol Acetate, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288)] 
Made in PRC - Net Wt. / Poids Net. 30 mL /1.01 fl oz ℮ Aqua (Water), Cyclopentasiloxane, Propylene Glycol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Steareth-2, Ozokerite, Mica, Phenoxyethanol, May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)].
Net Wt / Poids Net 32 mL / 1.08 fl oz ℮ Water (Aqua), Cyclopentasiloxane, Lauryl PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Propylene Glycol, Sodium Chloride , Stearalkonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Arginine, Aspartic Acid, Glycine, Alanine, Serine, Valine, Proline, Threonine, Isoleucine, Histidine, Phenylalanine, PCA, Sodium PCA, Sodium Lactate, Zinc Stearate, Simethicone, Methicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)]
Made in USA - Net Wt. / Poids Net 3.5 g/0.12 oz ℮ Mica, Lauroyl Lysine, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)] 
Ingredients/Ingrédients – Total Net Wt / Poids Net 11 g / 0.38 oz ℮ Talc, Mica, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Dimethicone, Petrolatum, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain [+/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).]
Ingredients/Ingrédients / Made in USA – Net Wt. / Poids Net 8.5 g / 0.30 oz ℮ Silica. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007)] 
Clarins True Radiance SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.10 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clarins BB Skin Perfecting Cream SPF 25 is a Foundation that retails for $42.00 and contains 1.50 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Isononyl Isononanoate, Octyldodecanol, Shea Butter Cetyl Esters, Water, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Barium Sulfate, VP / Eicosene Copolymer, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Silica, Glyceryl Caprylate, Glycerin, Propylene Carbonate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Glyceryl Undecylenate, Isononanoic Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter. May Contain: Mica, (CI 77163), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Dioxide (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499), Ultramarine Blue (CI 77007).
T. LeClerc Hydrating Fluid Foundation SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
T. LeClerc Anti-Aging Foundation SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $46.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
T. LeClerc Matte Fluid Foundation SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $38.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
T. LeClerc Professional Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vapour Beauty Atmosphere Soft Focus Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vapour Beauty Atmosphere Luminous Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $44.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shea Moisture Mineral Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vapour Beauty Illusionist Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $24.00. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sonia Kashuk Radiant+ Tinted Moisturizer is a Foundation that retails for $12.99 and contains 1.75 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora #27 Pro Blending Brush is a Brush that retails for $20.00.
Sephora #73 Pro Precision Blush Brush is a Brush that retails for $32.00.
Instantly bring luminosity and life to your face with Lorac Light Source Highlighter. These paraben-free, high-pearl highlighters are infused with anti-aging antioxidants and light diffusing, soft focus pigments for a silky-smooth, luminous glow. This illuminating, complexion-enhancing formula can be worn sheer for a soft, natural sheen or layered for a high-shine, dramatic effect. Become a beautiful, sensual source of light with Lorac.
Talc, Mica, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Zinc Stearate, Octyldodecanol, Myristyl Lactate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Isononyl Isononanoate, Silica, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Tin Oxide. May Contain (+ -): Titanium Dioxide (77891), Iron Oxides (77491, 77492, 77499), Blue 1 (42090), Carmine (75470), Black 2 (77266), Mica (77019), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510).
This luxurious highlighting blush creates a lit-from-within flush that’s perfect for any skintone. 
This hydrating formula provides improved coverage and is highly pigmented. The creamy texture softly glazes your lips, imparting just the right amount of color and sheen. 
Mica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Stearate, Boron Nitride, Glyceryl Caprylate, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510).
These creamy shadows are super pigmented. Everyday neutrals meet pops of color for the ultimate shadow look, perfect for any occasion. The palette pops out of the clutch, which can be used long after the eye shadow is gone. 
A set of five mini Cream Lip Stains in a limited-edition, collectable Minnie tin. 
Isododecane, Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polybutene, Petrolatum, Cyclohexasiloxane, Kaolin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Aroma (Flavor), Glyceryl Behenate/Eicosadioate, Propylene Carbonate, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Tocopherol, Cyclopentasiloxane, Benzyl Alcohol. May or may not contain (+/-): Mica, CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 6), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 75470 (Carmine).
Burberry Illuminating Bronzer is a Bronzer that retails for $68.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Bicoastal Sheer Cheek Duo features a pair of petal-perfect pinks that give your bronzed summer skin a light-reflective finish. The soft pink highlighter and bold rose blush can be applied wet for a soft veil of color or dry for a sweeping pop of vibrancy. They can be worn alone or together for long-lasting color that blends easily.
Tom Ford Beauty Sheer Cheek Color is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Beach Shimmer Powder mimics the warmth and radiance of a natural tan. The soft, pressed powder delivers a gorgeous, bronzed glow and lightly scents skin with refreshing notes of jasmine, sea spray, and mandarin. Ideal for medium-to-dark skintones, the result is warm color for the shoulders, neck, and décolleté with a light, addicting scent you'll want to wear all summer long.
Urban Decay Alice Through the Looking Glass Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Alice Through the Looking Glass Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $60.00 and contains 0.80 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Perfecting Stick Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Synchro Skin Lasting Liquid Foundation SPF 20 is a Foundation that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Define your line. Ultra creamy and richly pigmented, Makeup Geek Full Spectrum Eye Liner Pencils apply effortlessly to create a vibrant display of color on the lids. Choose from a full spectrum of color—available in 10 dynamic shades. 
Colour Pop Matte X Lippie Stix is a Lipstick that retails for $5.00 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Longwear Colour Stick is a Eyeshadow that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 21 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This limited-edition bronzing powder duo by Guerlain combines the brand's best-selling Terracota shade 03 Natural Brunettes, which naturally warms all complexions, and the It-color for summer, a pink with a slight gold shimmer to illuminate your tan. It's housed in a luxurious, environmentally sound wooden compact (using wood from PEFC-approved sustainably managed forests) and features a wide mirror. Its colors can either be blended together to warm the complexion and enhance the natural radiance of your tan or applied separately to achieve your desired intensity. The powder is fragranced with notes of orange blossom, tonka bean, vanilla and white musk.
This collection of innovative, hybrid, and timeless bronzing powders are ideal for all complexions. Achieve the perfect healthy glow all year round with this easy-to-use texture that allows for buildable results. Sculpt and contour the face with these totally weightless powders that provide color with no texture. The design on the pressed powder is inspired by the iconic Givenchy star and encased in a classic compact adorned with the famous stud.

This collection of innovative, hybrid, and timeless bronzing powders are ideal for all complexions. Achieve the perfect healthy glow all year round with this easy-to-use texture that allows for buildable results. Sculpt and contour the face with these totally weightless powders that provide color with no texture. The design on the pressed powder is inspired by the iconic Givenchy star and encased in a classic compact adorned with the famous stud.

This luxurious formulation combines the drama and vibrancy of gloss with enduring deep color.
The best-loved gloss returns with a lighter, water-like texture for a splash of shine.
Chanel Summer 2016 Eyeshadow Quad is a Eye Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This exceptional palette creates an all-over radiant and sun-kissed look on both fair and tanned complexions. It features six elegant and sparkling shades playing a role of bronzers, blushes and highlighters that enhance the skin’s appearance. Delicate, soft and airy textures in both matte and satin finishes allow to sculpt contours, brighten features, correct or intensify the complexion, all the while revealing the full splendor of the tan. These beautifully silky sun-kissed shades can be applied and layered on all skin types, and blend in perfectly.
By Terry Sun Designer Powder is a Blush. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Burberry Fresh Glow Luminous Fluid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $52.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Methyl Trimethicone, Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Diphenyl Dimethicone/Vinyl Diphenyl Dimethicone/Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Lauryl Peg-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Glycerin, Peg/Ppg-18/18 Dimethicone, Caprylyl Methicone, Sodium Chloride, Octyldodecanol, Alcohol, Acrylates/Dimethicone Copolymer, Vp/Va Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Caprylyl Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Propylene Carbonate, Disodium Edta, Acacia Senegal Gum, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Hyaluronate, Rosa Canina Fruit Extract, Bht, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citric Acid, Tocopherol, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Lavandula Stoechas Extract, [+/- (May Contain): Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77163 (Bismuth Oxychloride)].
YSL Touche Eclat Le Teint Radiance Awakening Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $58.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 28 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Octyldodecanol, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Kaolin, Cetyl Ricinoleate, Butyrospermum Parkii Oil/Shea Oil, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Candelilla Cera/Candelilla Wax, Cetyl Lactate, Cera Alba/Beeswax, Cera Microcristallina/Microcrystalline Wax, Dimethicone/Bis-Isobutyl PPG-20 Crosspolymer, Polyethylene, Water, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Silica, Caprylyl Glycol, Octyldodecyl Neopentanoate, Alumina, Aluminum Hydroxide, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopherol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycine Soja Oil/Soybean Oil, Tin Oxide, Squalane, Orbignya Oleifera Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil/Jojoba Seed Oil, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Theobroma Cacao Seed Butter/Cocoa Seed Butter, Persea Gratissima Oil/Avocado Oil, Shorea Stenoptera Seed Butter, Butyrospermum Parkii Butter/Shea Butter, Colophonium/Rosin, Aloe Barbadensis Extract/Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Citric Acid, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Polybutylene Terephthalate, Polylactic Acid. [+/- (All Shades May Contain): Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Mica, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Barium Sulfate (Ci 77120), Red 28 Lake (Ci 45410), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Red 6 (Ci 15850), Yellow 6 Lake (Ci 15985), Red 33 Lake (Ci 17200), Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090).
Delectable Soft Serve shades each layer smoothly onto the lid with buildable colour that’s long-wearing, non-creasing and simple delicious.
This innovative formula is waterproof and long lasting, gives you intense, rich colors and and ultra smooth glide for easy application. The line is super-precise and ultra-resistant, while the creamy texture blends easily with a brush for a soft, blurry finish. Choose your shade from five XL finishes: matte,
satiny, iridescent, metallic or diamond.
Meet a skin perfecting marvel – a finely milled complexion enhancer woven with silk fibers to infuse the skin with luster and leave it more radiant that ever before. Exquisitely crafted in the northern region of Italy, this satiny smooth powder is as soft and luxurious as silk, one of the finest and most highly cultivated fabrics in the world. Woven with actual silk fibers, this multi-tasker adds warmth and dimension to the face and eyes, allowing features to take on a new vitality. Optical light reflectors mimicking those found in silk threads deflect light to blur away imperfections and bestow luster for skin that rivals real silk.
MAC Dare Hue! Brow Pencil is a Brow that retails for $16.50 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create a desert-rose glow with this versatile, lightweight powder — two shades offer a contouring or highlighting effect with a sheer, natural finish.
Chanel Les Beiges Healthy Glow Powder is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Sculpting Crème Duo is a Face Palette that retails for $33.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Sculpting Crème Highlight is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Pro Sculpting Crème Contour is a Contour. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our famous Baked blush creates a gorgeous flush, no matter the season. Made by Italian artisans, it starts as a cream baked for 24 hours on a terracotta tile then hand-finished—resulting in a smooth, long-wearing formula. Paraben-free, with skin-loving antioxidants Centella Asiatica and White Tea Extracts.
Lanolin Oil, Hydroxylated Lanolin, Polybutene, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Ethylhexyl PalmitateIsopropyl Myristate, Ceresin, Isopropyl Lanolate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil, Allantoin, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Propylparaben, Fragrance (Parfum), May Contain (+/-) Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Carmine (CI 75470), Red 6, Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 21 (CI 45380), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Red 33 Lake (CI 17200), Red 36 (CI 12085), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)
Black Opal Cinema Sweets #1 that is permanent.
Talc, Polyethylene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Tricaprylin, Ceresin, Water (Aqua), Lanolin Alcohol (Lanolin), Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Chlorphenesin, Potassium Sorbate, Tetrasodium EDTA,May Contain (+/-) Mica,
Black Opal Color Splurge Eye Satin Matte is a Eyeshadow. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Polyethylene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Tricaprylin, Ceresin, Water (Aqua), Lanolin Alcohol (Lanolin), Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Chlorphenesin, Potassium Sorbate, Tetrasodium EDTA,May Contain (+/-) Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Carmine (CI 75470), Aluminum Powder (CI 77000), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)
Black Opal Color Splurge Eye Shimmer is a Eyeshadow. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Add sunkissed luminescence to your natural glow. This lightweight, ultra-fine baked powder highlights the natural beauty of your skin while keeping shine to a minimum. Paraben-free. For all skin types.
This anti-shine gel creates a smooth, matte finish in seconds. Contains a natural astringent to help eliminate oil without stripping the skin's natural moisture.
Want a winning combination? We've got it. This colorless pressed powder is formulated with unique oil blotters that help control shine and offer a matte finish without leaving a powdery residue or drying skin out. For oily skin. Matte finish.
You can't go wrong with a lightweight, colorless, loose powder designed to perfectly blend with your skin tone (with or without foundation). This hypoallergenic formula is designed with unique oil blotters to help control shine and offers a matte finish without leaving a powdery residue or drying skin out. For oily skin. Matte finish.
Wear alone or create the perfect canvas for your makeup. This ultra-light primer instantly refines pore appearance and preps skin flawlessly with a sheer wash of color. Brightening actives help keep skin tone even and emollient conditioners leave skin smooth, hydrated and radiant. Demi-matte, luminous finish. Suitable for all skin types. 
You'll never need to sharpen this Vitamin-enriched lip liner designed to prevent lipstick and lip gloss from bleeding and feathering. This automatic pencil can be used to both define and shade lips and comes in hues that complement our lipsticks and glosses.
Give your lip look longevity by outlining your mouth with this Vitamin-enriched formula designed to glide on smoothly and help prevent lipstick and lip gloss from feathering or bleeding. This creme pencil sharpens to a fine point to provide expert definition or shading and has been coordinated to match our lipsticks and glosses.
Stay in line with this long-wearing, gel lip liner. Luxuriously soft, waterproof gel formula delivers non-feathering wear that is transfer-and smudge proof for up to 7 hours. Paraben-free.
Opulent, shine-boosting liquid gloss illuminates lips with glistening iridescence. Weightless and non-sticky, it glides on effortlessly, shaping lips with sheer color and a soft fruit flavor. Nourishing natural butters hydrate and soothe lips while conditioning vitamins A and C offer anti-oxidant protection. Paraben-free. Dermatologist approved.
Color saturated lipstick imparts creamy intense color in a single sweep. Fortified with long-lasting moisture-binding ingredients to smooth and restore fullness to lips. Paraben-free. For all skin types.
Hydrating lipstick that provides long-lasting color-stay in modern matte formula. This non-drying lipstick glides on velvety smooth and pampers lips with intense color for maximum impact. Paraben-free. For all skin types.
Luxe creamy color with a shiny patent finish makes this gloss the ultimate splurge for lips. Highly pigmented and ultra-shiny, this weightless color smoothly glides onto lips without drying or feeling sticky. Moisturizers and conditioners treat lips with nourishing actives to soften and soothe and vitamins A, C & E provide anti-oxidant protection. Soft fruity fragrance. Paraben-free. Dermatologist approved.
Polish your pout with a modern finish that radiates long-lasting shine. The propel/repel crayon component makes for easy application and a lightweight feel, while a blend of shea, cocoa and illipe butters, along with vitamins C & E, condition, moisturize and smooth. Full-color coverage is achieved every time without sharpening.
Lock eyeshadow into place for hours. Lightweight, transparent shadow base primes lids and extends shadow wear for crease-resistant coverage. Paraben free. Hypoallergenic.
This smooth, creamy pencil never needs sharpening so it's always ready to give your eyes a professionally finished look. Formulated with Aloe Vera and Chamomile extracts that help soothe the delicate eye area as you define it. Safe for sensitive eyes.
It’s there to stay; not to smudge. Long-lasting cream liner makes for easy application and creates bold, ink-like color on eyelids without sticking to lashes. 
Define and dramatize your eyes with a soft, creamy pencil formulated with Aloe Vera and Chamomile extracts to help deliver professional results around the delicate eye area. Safe for sensitive eyes.
Define, sculpt, fill and perfect brows naturally with this luxurious balm. Creamy, multibenefit brow balm glides on and blends seamlessly to create perfectly arched brows that stay in place all day. Smudge-proof formula. Paraben free.
Achieve the look of professionally styled brows with this powder in a natural-looking shade, ideal for shaping, contouring and defining brows effortlessly. It's the perfect quick-fix to sculpt, accentuate arches and supplement areas where brow hair is sparse. Comes with its own small, angled brush. A must-have for everyone.
Quick-drying formula and precision pen work in sync to achieve full, natural brows without smudging. Definer is long-lasting and leaves a natural, professional finish. Fragrance Free. Paraben Free. 
The secret to lash perfection! Advanced volumizing formula builds bigger, bolder, fuller looking lashes with a single application. Exclusive patented, precision V-shaped brush easily and instantly lifts, lengthens, and smoothes to separate and define even the curliest lashes for dramatic effects. Infused with Pro-Polymer Complex for extended wear, it stays in place for hours without clumping, flaking or smudging. It can be easily removed without tugging on eyes. Dermatologist approved.
Instantly impress with lusciously conditioned lashes. This waterproof mascara quickly lengthens, separates, curls, volumizes and locks lashes into place for all day wear. Non-clumping formula. Paraben free.
Exfoliate your way to complexion perfection. Creamy, moisturizing bar enriched with skin-brightening actives, emollient Cocoa Butter and calming Aloe Vera cleanses dirt and impurities while natural oats gently exfoliate dull surface cells and dry skin to help reveal a brighter, more radiant complexion.
Cleanse your way to complexion perfection. Oil-controlling, purifying facial bar formulated with anti-bacterial Salicylic acid gently micro-exfoliates dull skin, helps to unclog pores and controls excess oil helping to prevent future breakouts and blemishes. Emollient Shea Butter comforts and conditions skin helping to maintain healthy balance while invigorating Peppermint and Eucalyptus stimulate skin and reduce inflammation.
Restoring true radiance just became easier. Creamy, hydrating scrub gently polishes away dull, flaky, rough skin removing impurities for a brighter, smoother complexion. Deep penetrating, pore-refining micro-beads work synergistically with conditioning Shea Butter, Jojoba, and African-origin ingredients to soothe, soften, and moisturize skin
Use this lightweight foaming gel cleanser to gently remove impurities and excess oil without stripping or over drying the skin. An exclusive combination of pore-clarifying ingredients purify skin and minimize pores for a smoother appearance. Anti-oxidant Green Tea and Vitamin E help protect against damaging environment elements and skin-brightening ingredients help promote a radiant, healthy-looking complexion. Approved for all skin types.
Cleanse, balance, and refresh your skin with this oil-reducing toner that also helps minimize the appearance of enlarged pores. Specially formulated with an effective combination of Salicylic Acid, Witch Hazel, and Natural Antioxidants, this light hydrating toner helps restore skin's normal balance, tighten enlarged pores and refine skin texture for a smoother, healthy-looking appearance. Suitable for all skin types.
Your secret to complexion perfection starts with this creamy cleanser. Clarifying, crème-cleanser thoroughly detoxifies, cleanses and de-clogs pores, clearing away traces of dirt, excess oil, and make-up to promote a more even toned, radiant complexion. Formulated with a special blend of glycolic and natural fruit acids, it instantly revitalizes dull, ashy, lackluster skin encouraging healthy cell turnover so skin looks renewed and stays problem-free.
Discover the solution to renewing skin’s natural radiance. Scientifically advanced formula featuring Skin Tone True Complex™ delivery system, a proprietary blend of Hydroquinone, brightening peptides, natural citrus extracts and skin-conditioning natural ingredients, effectively corrects hyperpigmentation, fades dark spots, and diminishes marks from past acne scars restoring skin’s even tone and natural radiance in as little as 14 days.
Get the fast and effective way to a brighter, even skin-tone. Lightweight nighttime gel-serum contains a proprietary blend of Hydroquinone-free brightening molecules, peptides and targeted natural extracts including citrus and white lotus flower. Triple-action formula lightens dark spots, discolorations and targets the root cause of hyperpigmentation while working to inhibit the reoccurrence of dark spots. In clinical tests, dark spots were effectively lightened in as little as 14 days and skin tone was brightened on average by 32% in just 28 days.
Get the fast, effective way to get even-toned skin. Lightweight night-time gel-serum contains a proprietary blend of Hydroquinone and targeted natural extracts such as Licorice, Turmeric and Glucosamine. Its triple-action formula effectively fades dark spots, diminishes past acne scars and targets the root cause of hyperpigmentation working to inhibit the reoccurrence of dark spots and discoloration. In clinical tests, skin tone was noticeably improved by an average of 52% in just 28 days.
Get the soothing solution to treat unwanted ingrown hairs. Intensive, targeted serum soothes inflammation caused by ingrown hairs and razor bumps as it helps slow hair growth in unwanted areas. Formulated with natural fruit and plant extracts, It gently exfoliates uneven skin promoting a brighter, clearer skin tone.
Target stubborn blackheads, whiteheads and spots with this lightweight, intensive treatment designed to help heal your blemishes and refine your skin's appearance. Formulated with Salicylic Acid, Amino Acid , Cinnamon Bark Extract , Lentil Extract, Green Tea, and Vitamin E, this liqui-gel serum helps control excess oil production, reduce pore-clogging bacteria, and minimize enlarged pores promoting a healthy and radiant looking complexion. Suitable for combination, oily and acne proned complexions.
Renew, hydrate and protect your skin’s natural radiance. Moisturizing, creamy lotion delivers broad spectrum, SPF15, sunscreen protection combined with emollient, skin-renewing extracts which help promote a more radiant, even skin tone. Its lightweight formula is enriched with a proprietary blend of brightening peptides and a natural citrus extract to improve skin’s radiance and even hyperpigmentation and discolorations. Nurturing exotic African-origin oils combined with nourishing Shea and Cocoa butters help skin remain soft and supple.
Thoroughly removing dirt, oil and bacteria from your face is the first step in combating or clearing up razor bumps. Our formula combines deep cleansers such as Witch Hazel, with powerful exfoliators to help remove dead skin cells. Menthol, Camphor and Eucalyptus invigorate while Vitamins A, C & E work to nourish and protect. A smoother complexion is the result. For all skin types. Helps treat razor bumps and ingrown facial hair.
Reduce nicks, cuts and irritation by slathering on this gel before shaving. Formulated with Glycerin, Allantoin and Aloe, which soothe and moisturize the skin, this gel softens the beard hairs allowing a smoother shave and helps decrease the chances of ingrown hairs. It also works to help combat the spread of bacteria, which can contribute to the formation of painful razor bumps. For all skin types. Helps treat razor bumps and ingrown facial hair.
Free ingrown hair trapped beneath the skin's surface with this effective exfoliating treatment. This advanced formula is infused with Honey and Allantoin to soothe and moisturize your skin while Tea Tree Oil detoxifies and helps prevent new razor bumps from forming. For all skin types. Helps treat razor bumps and ingrown facial hair.
The first step for flawless skin, this Hyaluronic Acid mousse gives a luminous matte complexion with perfect translucency. It diminishes the appearance of wrinkles, pores and imperfections to reveal a flawless nude-skin, a colorless correction of the complexion.
This trailblazing anti-wrinkle primer harnesses exclusive Densiliss® technology to deliver the powerful age-repair and firming benefits of a serum while also doubling as a colorless corrector. Mimetic Factor works to ramp up collagen and fibroblast turnover to fill in wrinkles and strengthen the skin's density. Flawless Time-Control (F.T.C) soft focus complex provides sheer light-reflecting coverage to visibly correct even the deepest wrinkles, smooth the skin's micro-surface, and reduce imperfections, guaranteeing results even on age-damaged skin.
This first invisible loose powder of Hyaluronic Acid 100% skincare, 100% Fulfillment and 100% perfection leaves the complexion matte and gives long-lasting make-up hold. Its micro-aerated texture ensures a matte finish and a sebum regulating effect day and night
Exceptional premium skincare to meet the needs of the most demanding mature skin. Its ingenious formula draws its excellence from the unprecedented combination of 3 precious minerals and 3 Orchid extractions, active ingredients recognized for their unique properties in anti-aging protection and their luminous smoothing benefits. Its integral action firms the facial contours, removes creases and smoothes the features, sweeps away fine lines and enhances the complexion. Its luscious white, virtually opalescent texture with a nutri-lifting effect offers the face the feeling of complete regeneration and a totally rejuvenating burst of radiance.
This highly pigmented waterproof liquid eyeliner guarantees graphic and precise line. Its ultra-light applicator is made of flexible and tapered foam to print ultra-fine or wide line, matte or shimmer for a personalised look underneath the lashes. The multiple designs and colours can be layered to create various unique effects.
A 100% filling-resurfacing tinted primer for the eyelids and eye contours. A complexion base with an imperceptible coverage for a high light mineral correction. A Hyaluronic Acid perfecting look mousse, integral filler extra-tensor for a long lasting make up finish. A new-generation tinted lifting complexion base for an instant transformation of the look. Proved benefits from the first application: enlighten, lift, fill, renovate, correct, smooth, and replump
Aqua-Print Eyeshadows are ultra-practical, waterproof eye shadows. They can be applied as a sheer, luminous smoky haze or as a high definition line. Create an unique look in a single, effortless stroke. The long wearing 16-hour formula is enriched with protective and soothing anti-free radical vitamin E and its transfer-resistant film forming polymers lock in color without smudging. The large, firm tip guarantees maximum color impact, whether worn alone or blended with other shades. Do not apply to the mucous membranes of the eyes.
Aqua / Water, Candelilla Cera / Candelilla Wax, Acacia Decurrens/ Jojoba/Sunflower Seed Wax Polyglyceryl-3 Esters, Copernicia Cerifera Cera / Carnauba Wax, PPG-25-Laureth-25, Glycerin, Styrene/acrylates/ammonium Methacrylate Copolymer, Alcohol Denat., Potassium Cetyl Phosphate, Steareth-21, Acacia Senegal Gum, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Silica, Simethicone, Steareth-2, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Phenoxyethanol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Propylene Glycol, Imidazolidinyl Urea, Ethylparaben, Methylparaben, Tetrasodium EDTA, Propylparaben, Sodium Hyaluronate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Glycoproteins, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Sodium Chondroitin Sulfate, Atelocollagen, +/- [CI 77007 / Ultramarines, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides, CI 77742 / Manganese Violet, CI 75470 / Carmine, CI 77019 / Mica, CI 77492 / Iron Oxides, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491 / Iron Oxides, CI 77510 / Ferric Ferrocyanide, CI 77288 / Chromium Oxide Greens]. (t0505/d)
An invisible and glossy new generation "top coat" gel mascara that envelops bare or made-up lashes in a waterproof coating, curling, lengthening and volumizing film. Its lash stretching and shaping texture, gentle care formula and high-tech brush coat the lashes, leaving them supple and clump-free, while transforming regular mascara into a long-wear waterproof version
This melting eyeshadow with its practical pen format, concentrated with ultra-smoothing Tahitian black pearl extract, lights up eyelids with radiance-trapping multi-reflective shine. Its “tattoo-hold” stretch texture evens out eyelids with a waterproof radiance-lift reshaping film.
The ultimate in high-precision waterproof eye pencils for bold and glamorous eyes, to create a look that's either 'demure' or 'very shimmery' but always stunning! Its soft tip with excellent glide-on action defines the contour of your eyes and applies deeply intense matte and ultra-iridescent color. Very long-lasting with excellent hold, it guarantees an exceptionally precise line that can be applied as kohl or eyeliner.
This revolutionary liquid eyeliner allows you to perfectly line your eyes with a bold or fine tracing. Thanks to a shaped tip brush its soft, odourless and comfortable formula glides on easily and smoothly and is long-lasting, and never irritating. Aqua-emulsion ink allows you to create doe eyes or a smouldering gaze. The Colour Tattoo complex sets the colour for long hold and guarantees intense shine and rapid drying.
A very innovative Kajal Powder that creates a flawless smoky black look instantly! Eye Powder-Kajal takes the radically hi tech form of a wearable and weightless mineral powder. The pliant khol goes on like a charm thanks to the foolproof felt-tip applicator.
A mascara for eyebrows that brushes and tames them while adding natural colour. It fills out, smoothes and accentuates the eyes’ expression.
The first BY TERRY eyebrow pencil with a brand-new compact powder texture to structure the eyebrows and reveal your eyes’ intensity! Comprising matte-powder pigments, this pencil corrects and redesigns the eyebrows without build-up. Its spiral brush accessory perfects and softens the line, to reveal the eyes’ natural expression. Crayon Sourcils Terrybly is supplied with a pencil sharpener for a permanently precise tip.
A genuine calligraphy tool for excessively plucked, irregular or asymmetrical eyebrows, the rapid drying felt-tip EYEBROW LINER redefines eyebrows with successive short strokes, as a thin or radically thick line, offering high-precision smudge-free application.
An essential tool for a professional makeup, this waterproof lip pencil perfectly defines the lip contour for a redrawn, plumped and more sensual mouth. Its non-drying waterproof texture concentrated with « Color-Matte » pure pigments, print a « tattoo effect » with maximum holding.
As supple as a gloss and as pigment-saturated as a lipstick, it glides and outlines, imbuing lips with a creamy softness in a nearly imperceptible matt velvet layer for long-lasting coverage. The ergonomic applicator accentuates rondures with its rounded tip, and its curved section perfectly enhances contours.
A hyaluronic acid melt-in lipstick balm that moisturizes, fills in wrinkles and fine lines, boots volume, smoothes and protects the lips in a “plumping glossy” colored veil.
The first volume & firmness lipstick enriched with the BY TERRY exclusive and anti-aging Lumilip® Technology to rejuvenate and embellish every smile with silky colors. An extra-comfort and « push-up » lip elixir, wrapped in its satin bag for a beauty touch-up at any time.
Gloss Terrybly Shine is the first anti-aging, firming and volumizing gloss, enriched with the exclusive Lumilip® Technology, to rejuvenate and sculpt the lips in ultra-shiny colors.
A tinted version of the iconic Baume de Rose, this intense multi-enhancing, nourishing and regenerating lip care combines glamourous color with an age-defense protection. Ultra concentrating, its melting texture intensely repairs lips, while enhancing them with incredibly naturel and fresh colors. - Application 4 in 1, 7/7, 24/24 hours, 365 days a year.- A profusion of nutritious ingredients, repairers, guards, sublimers ...- A luxurious formula, a glamorous texture, an addictive fragrance for chic, sleek, sexy and luscious lips.
The Travel version of Must Have Baume de Rose, an ultra-glamorous SOS treatment to repair, nourish, regenerate and lastingly protect the lips, presented in a stylish and practical bottle that allows you to reapply it all day long. Its creamy and delicately rose-scented texture, which is shiny without being sticky, coats the lips in an incredibly natural glossy finish. In an instant, the lips are lastingly smoothed, plumped up, supple and protected!
This melt-away balm, which has become the must-have of Hollywood stars, BY TERRY's über-cult product, is a real ultra-glamorous SOS treatment to repair, nourish, regenerate and lastingly protect the lips. This ultra-rich product is also a precious salve to care for and strengthen the cuticles. Its creamy and delicately rose-scented texture, which is shiny without being sticky, coats the lips in an incredibly natural glossy finish. In an instant, the lips are lastingly smoothed, plumped up, supple and protected!
A moisturising blush thanks to an ultra-fresh gel texture like a marshmallow. A light transparent coverage like a radiance veil. A satiny finish with a vitamin-packed glow. Stretches as much as necessary in an aquarelle blend.
This weightless hyaluronic acid mousse blush sculpts cheekbones and creates volume with a long-lasting fresh print of color. The high-tech color technology combines hyaluronic acid microspheres with high intensity Aqua-Print pigments and light-reflective coated nacres, to create the perfect sheer flush, setting the color like an ethereal tattoo. The smooth airbrush texture slides onto cheeks to create a translucent velvet hydra-matte veil.
This sumptuous powder blush floods the complexion with a freshly-pinched youthful flush. Exclusive light-reflecting Densiliss® technology harnesses a potent cocktail of pure high color micro-pigments and Flawless Time-Control (F.T.C) soft focus prisms that last all day long. The luxuriously soft, silky powder sets to a perfectly plumped, natural-looking finish that sculpts and graces the contours of the cheekbones.
As a true Color-Control serum, this radiance-enhancing elixir diffuses its brightening, moisturizing, and corrective skincare properties into the heart of the epidermis. The rejuvenating formula, enriched in White Rose Native Cells and combined with a cell renewing Brightening Agent and anti-free radical Vitamin E, boosts radiant luminosity and long-lasting protection for the skin. Rare Light-Reflecting Prisms associated with Soft-Focus Micro-Spheres blurs imperfections, smoothes features and fills in the microsurface for a beautifully natural result. Its fluid and smooth stretch texture perfectly blends into all skin tones like an ultra fine and translucent film.
An Aqua Bronzer formulated with Native Active Water from tea. A watercolour effect, without transfer, budge, smudge and without self-tanning agent. A revolutionary texture “100% water” with a bi-phased formula to customise the application. Calm Water version, the skin is imprinted with a veil of nude sun kissed colour. By shaking the bottle before use so as to evenly mix the fine pearlescent particles, the skin is enhanced with a radiant and glimmering tan. Whichever way, apply a few drops of TEA to TAN in the palm of your hand and decollete. Renew the application to intensify the tanning colour if needed
This tinted bronzing serum enriched in skincare benefits with wrinkle control, smoothing and firming properties, ensures a flawless sheer tan. It intensifies and lifts contours, smooths facial features and creates a natural second-skin tanned effect. The complexion is fresh, sun-kissed and bursting
This fresh balm combines the hydrating properties of an intense skincare with the luscious softness of a hydra-quenching gel. Its original and delicately rose scented “aqua-fluffy” texture moisturizes, revitalizes and energizes even the thirstiest, most asphyxiated skins thanks to [MR+ S] active ingredients.
Real elixir, this cleanser for face and eyes is a tamed torrent of pure indulgence. Powered by a beautiful balanced blend of luxurious plant oils, it sweeps away impurities and evry last trace of make up, including waterproof products.
Start the day with an energizing wakeup call as fresh as the morning dew. This revitalizing shot of liquid energy promises to stimulate sleep riddled skin and kick it into gear. The mild acting, alcohol-free formula gently removes all traces of impurities in a toning tidal wave of goodness.
This daily rebuilding, anti-aging, lifting and firming skincare is a sumptuous cream that acts as closely as possible to the epidermis cells to restructure the skin, restoring its plumpness and density and removing any wrinkles. Its formula enriched with the Essence of the Native Cells of Ruby Rose intensively activates collagen, fibroblasts, elastin and hyaluronic acid. The synergy of nutri-regenerating, firming, moisturizing and protective active ingredients restores the skin's elasticity and tone. Signs of aging are smoothed, the features regain their definition, and the face's contours are reshaped. The skin is plumped up and appears lifted, radiating with youth.
This anti-aging, lifting and firming eye contour treatment is a velvety-aqua smoothing concentrate that keeps crows' feet and signs of fatigue from forming, making the eyes appear instantly younger. Its formula concentrated in the Essence of the Native Cells of Ruby Rose intensively activates collagen, fibroblasts, elastin and hyaluronic acid. The synergy of its phyto-active ingredients stimulates micro-circulation, reducing puffiness and the depth of dark circles. Day after day, wrinkles and fine lines are smoothed and the features appear lifted. The eyes appear larger, rested, luminous and sparkle with youth.
This repairing, anti-aging, lifting and firming night skincare is a rich and enveloping cream that intensifies the activity of skin cells, as its chrono-biological effectiveness ensures the tissues are optimally regenerated during the night. Its formula concentrated in the Essence of the Native Cells of Ruby Rose intensively activates and renews collagen, fibroblasts, elastin and hyaluronic acid. Nutri-regenerating, restructuring and density-restoring Night Jasmine Extract stimulates and increases the skin's tone and firmness. On waking, the skin appears lifted, more supple, more resistant, as if it had been renewed. The shape of the face appears younger, as if it had been lifted.
This anti-aging, lifting and firming elixir serum is a fine and silky dry oil that is concentrated in the most lipid-replenishing, restructuring and protective substances to provide the skin with long-lasting nourishment and density. Its formula enriched with the Essence of the Native Cells of Ruby Rose intensively activates collagen, fibroblasts, elastin and hyaluronic acid. The synergy of revitalizing, moisturizing, nourishing, plumping, regenerating, anti-oxidant and soothing extracts deeply and continuously restores the skin. As it is intensively infused with premium nutrients, the features are plumped up and the face's contours are reshaped, revitalizing the skin with youth.
This rich and non-greasy rebuilding, anti-aging, lifting and firming balm is a comforting salve that keeps the skin from losing its definition by deeply nourishing, restructuring and intensely smoothing it. Its formula enriched with the Essence of the Native Cells of Ruby Rose intensively activates collagen, fibroblasts, elastin and hyaluronic acid. Powerful lipid-replenishing, nutri-comforting, firming, restructuring and anti-radical active ingredients create a protective density-restoring sheathe for the epidermis. Signs of aging are smoothed, the features regain their definition, and the face's contours are reshaped. The skin is satiated with essential nutrients and is plumped up with you.
This multi-active 'Youthful Lift' oil, with 6 powerful Rose Extracts, acts as a nourishing, firming and redefining concentrate for devitalized skins. The unique formula of Huile De Rose, with advanced technology, diffuses the vital energy of Rose Plant Cells, biotechnological molecules that act like matrix vectors, to stimulate cellular activity, promote collagen and slow down skin ageing. Ultra-light and silky, the dry oil texture of Huile De Rose instantly penetrates the skin. This ultra-complete skincare, Huile De Rose nourishes, intensely protects the skin and maintains its hydration all day long. Pores are tightened, features are smoothed out, face volumes are plumped, skin shows incomparable glow and vitality.
An original alternative to chemical self-tanners, SERUM TERRYBLY SUNBOOSTER is THE skincare fulfilling the 3 needs of the skin during summer: 3D hydration, a progressive tan and a protection against UV rays. Its Auto-Radiant® technology exclusive BY TERRY activates, regulates and ensure the migration of melanin towards the epidermis in just 21 days
A natural alternative to self-tanning DHA, this featherweight tan-activating and extending color care stimulates melanin and keeps sunny radiance in sight at all times. The active ingredient, Helisun, rich in jasmine flavonols, ensures endogenous protection by reinforcing the skin's natural defense system. Vitamin E fights against free radical assaults caused by UV rays, pollution and ultra stressful lifestyles.
This ultra-high performance “ silky-aqueous ” fluid, ultra-concentrated in Roses Native Cells, is an intensely hydrating serum and radiance booster that potentiates the skin's irrigation systems and reactivates the various radiance and skin transparency triggers. The skin is “ reset ” as soon as it is applied. Day after day, luscious hydration and absolute radiance flood the most dehydrated and lifeless skin.
This resurfacing exfoliating mask, a real skin-renewing treatment, smoothes the skin texture, encourages cell renewal and lastingly restores the radiance of even the most delicate dull skin. Enriched in ultra-gentle Rosebud extracts, it removes surface impurities, eliminates dead cells deep down and absorbs excess sebum with an extremely gentle, comforting action. Relieved, refined, purified and revived, the skin is softer, more supple, smooth, clear and toned.
Dual mask, dual use and multi-radiance, this half cream / half gel “ water glow ” treatment is the perfect SOS treatment for dehydrated skin, faded complexions and the dullest eyes.Formulated to be applied to the face and the eye contour area, its “ life water ” active ingredients combined with the Roses Native Cells in the [MR+ S] Complex give the face a healthy glow boost, much like flowers that have been placed back in water. The skin and creases are plumped up and lines are smoothed over as soon as it touches the skin. The face and eye contour area are smoothed, filled with fresh radiance.
This hard working makeup remover is more than just a deliciously creamy face. It melts on gorgeously to blanket the skin in a non greasy cocoon that works to gently yet effectively tug away makeup and impurities.Skin is left immaculately cleansed, tingling with baby soft glide.
This ultra-mild dual exfoliating gel enriched with White Rose Native Cells lastingly restores radiance to the complexion. Apply daily to dry skin. Massage then rinse off with water.
This intergral micellar water, enriched with brithening white Rose Native Cells, gently removes the most stubborn make-up and impurities.
Day after day, signs of fatigue look erased, the skin is smoother, softer and suppler. The face is even and radiantly fresh.
This generous, curved and ultra-silky brush with luxurious natural bristles ideally modulates textures and colors for even application of loose powders, compact powders or bronzers. It caresses the skin with a must-experience stress-relieving sensation.
The exclusive beveled, full and precise curved angle cut allows for adjustable blending of blush, from the most intense to the sheerest result. Its natural bristles, carefully assembled for soft firmness, sculpt volumes and stylise contours. This is the easy, enjoyable brush for non-pros, for a guaranteed healthy glow effect.
This professional tool allows for precise and even application of foundation: it makes it a breeze to apply the right amount of product, adjust its coverage and smooth foundation with a natural-looking finish!
This multi-purpose tapered brush blends and sculpts shadows over the eyelid. The tapered side defines dark shadows along the base of the lashes. The flat side creates sheer gradations with light-catching shadows on the eyelid under the brow bone.
This brush is specially designed for applying and blending dense matt or shimmery eyeshadows with perfect dexterity and precision.
This brush with synthetic bristles has a tapered, tight and ultra-fine cut that precisely traces the eye contour. It is ideal with creamy, powdery and fluid textures, which it glides on like eyeliner for a modern, adjustable and long-wearing result.
This bevelled, curved and pointed sponge brush reaches all areas of the face for an invisible layer of foundation and pro contouring! 
This new generation foundation brush, curved and flexible provides an easy professional make-up! Its hollow reservoir centre retains the right amount of product for a sheer result or high-definition camouflage. 
Swoon-worthy nails are a simple slick away with this starry polish. Use alone or update your favorite base coat with some subtle, festive shimmer.
The first BY TERRY drying, protective and beautifying top coat gel that offers long-lasting shine to nail polish. For protection and perfection: Film-forming polymers form an ultra-glossy, flexible and resilient shockproof plasticizing film on the nails to boost the shine of nail polish and lastingly extend its hold. Silicons help prevent air bubbles, diminish streaks and brush marks for a perfectly smooth surface that perfectly reflects the light. For color radiance: UV Filters preserve the intensity and radiance of color polish. For rapid drying: Super-volatile additives Allow color polish to dry in record time.
An extra-dense absolute of pigments; a pure nail care lacquer and a color-rich redefining ribbon with no-limit hold and shine.
When applied underneath nail lacquer, this smoothing and protective gel treatment evens out the surface of ridged nails and extends long-lasting color wear. The ultra-smoothing translucent pink gel base that is precisely applied thanks to its high precision brush, leaving a natural and shiny finish over nails.
Absolute beauty care, this ultra-glossy lacquer smoothes the nails with a rich and redefining long lasting color. Its formula, enriched of keratin-restructuring Okoume resin, strengthens and protects weakened and uneven nails. The professional brush ensures a simple and easy application of its film-forming texture for a perfect finish.
Aqua / Water, Prunus Cerasus (cherry) Fruit Water, Glycerin, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Butylene Glycol, Polysorbate 80, Phenoxyethanol, Silica, Lecithin, Aroma / Flavor, Methylparaben, Alcohol, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Tetrasodium Edta, Diethylhexyl Syringylidenemalonate, Propylparaben, Ethylparaben, Tromethamine, Aspalathus Linearis Leaf Extract, Malpighia Punicifolia (acerola) Fruit Extract, Citric Acid, Maltodextrin, Tin Oxide, Sodium Benzoate, Caprylic/capric Triglyceride, Potassium Sorbate, Geraniol, +/- [CI 77019 / Mica, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 14700 /red 4, CI 15985 / Yellow 6 Lake, CI 45410 / Red 28, CI 19140 / Yellow 5, CI 42090 / Blue 1].
By Terry Aqua Tint Lip & Cheek is a Lip Stain. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Dimethicone, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Silica, Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Parfum/Fragrance, Alumina, Magnesium Oxide, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Limonene, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Benzyl Salicylate, Hydroxycitronellal, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Geraniol
By Terry Terrybly Densiliss Contouring Powder is a Contour. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Nylon-12, PTFE, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Silica, Cyclopentasiloxane, Zinc Stearate, Sorbic Acid, Alumina, Magnesium Oxide, +/- [CI 77163 / Bismuth Oxychloride, CI 77491 / Iron Oxides, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides, CI 77492 / Iron Oxides, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 75470 / Carmine, CI 77007 / Ultramarines]. (t0232/a) Ingredients: Talc, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Zea Mays (corn) Starch, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Sorbic Acid, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Tin Oxide, Alumina, Magnesium Oxide, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica, +/- [mica, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides, CI 77491 / Iron Oxides, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77007 / Ultramarines, CI 77492 / Iron Oxides, CI 75470 / Carmine, CI 77510 / Ferric Ferrocyanide]. (t0233/b)
By Terry Eye Designer Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 42 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Nylon 12, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 27 (CI 45410)
Talc, Cetearyl Isononanoate, Dimethicone, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Poloxamer 338, Silica, Mica (CI 77091). +/- May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Carmine (CI 75470). 
Jordana Made to Last Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 48 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Lauroyl Lysine, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Butylparaben, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163). +/-May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).
Jordana Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
You wish it would last forever… summer vacation, your favorite song… and your hot new shade of eyeshadow! We’ve got you and your eyelids covered! The water-resistant 12 HR Made to Last Eyeshadow Pencil stays fresh-looking on the lids with no creases or signs of fading in sight! From blue Aqua Last to Stay-On Black—endless color meets endless wear!
The sweet secret to our Baked Eyeshadow is the wet and dry ways you can apply! Have fun with a pretty sweep of powder, or wet the brush before dipping in for a different texture and more vibrant color effect! To wear as a liner, just apply close to your lash line. Wet or dry—this shadow looks good on you!
This one’s for the long lash lovers! We’re talking drama—celeb-style, from here-to-there lashes! With one stroke, Best Length Extreme Lengthening Mascara delivers corner-to-corner volume with a push-up effect that defies gravity! Lashes are stretched to the max and 100x more visible!
True or false—you want full lashes that go way beyond basic! True! You can get a false lash look in seconds with Best Volume Extreme Volumizing Mascara! The tight-bristled brush ensures that each lash is evenly spaced and volumized to perfection. Thanks to your full, intense and defined lashes, that after-party is calling your name!
Hydrogenated Palm Kernel Glycerides, Hydrogenated Palm Glycerides, Copernica Cerifera Cera (Carnauba Wax), Rhus Succedanea Fruit Cera (Fruit Wax), Hydrogenated Cottonseed Oil, Canola Oil, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polybutene, Silica, Mica Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Butylparaben, Citric Acid. +/- MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77491), Iron Oxide (CI 77492), Iron Oxide (CI 77499), Aluminum Powder (CI 77000), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide, Carmine (CI 75470), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163).
Hi pretty kitty—step away from your everyday liner and rock out with fabulous color! Your blue Caribbean flick will leave them green with Envy and Purple Suede gets the party started! Smudge-proof and mistake-proof, you’ll get a clean and easy line every time! Snatch this liquid liner up right meow! 
No matter the style—classic winged-eye, extreme cat eye, or double-lined and intense—make the Classic Color Eyeliner Pencil your go-to beauty weapon of choice! The creamy liner glides on smooth with stay-true color, doesn’t snag or skip and lasts all day! A classic triple threat!
You can create the ultimate eye-catching look—and then change it up to match your mood. Carry the to-go-sized eyeshadow singles in your makeup bag for a quick swipe of pure pigment! Blend the super smooth Color Effects Eyeshadow onto lids with a brush or your fingertips to witness the dazzling effect of bold color!
Cry only happy tears when Color Envy Waterproof Liquid Eyeliner stays budge-proof during the wettest weather, the saddest movies and even quick dips in the pool! This liner stays right where you put it until you decide it’s time to take it off!
This liner has got you covered for late-night parties and all day meet-ups thanks to a super long-lasting formula and bold, black color. Easy to apply in one velvety smooth stroke, Color Xtend Eyeliner is a makeup beginner’s best friend! Strong is the name of your new eyeliner game—trust us.
Rock lashes as red as Ariel’s hair or as vivid and blue as a high-voltage shock of color! Coat top lashes for eyes that stand out or dare to coat bottom lashes only! Break the color rules and look gorgeous doing it!
Just like your best friend, you can always count on this smudge-, life-, and clutz-proof liner! Easyliner for Eyes comes in a variety of colors and glides on with ease—no skipping or tugging—and it’s retractable—so no sharpening required! You’ll want to take it with you wherever you go, just like your best friend!
Your future is so bright; you’ll need to wear shades—of pretty eyeshadow! Smooth Eye Primer / Base onto lids as a prep-step to create a force field that will make any shadow and liner—from cream to powder—stick! The multi-purpose beauty must-have is also a highlighter that brightens up the eyes!
Never let anyone with bad brows tell you how to live your life. Instead, show them how to magically create their own perfect brows in seconds! The Fabubrow Eyebrow Pencil has an extra fine point that makes it easy to draw natural-looking brow hairs with just a few quick strokes. Then, use the brush on the opposite end of the pencil to soften the look. Bad brow problem, solved!
Everyone knows it’s brows before bros! Get ready to wow with your brows! Fabubrow Shape & Set Gel fills in thin, sparse brows with natural-looking color, keeps your arches on point and sets a look that will last! Share this gel with your best girls—brow beauty has never been easier to achieve!
Bold lines are for bold girls! Fabuliner Bold Felt-tip Liquid Eyeliner is the ultimate rock-star liner with a thicker-than-normal felt tip. Defined eyes will never get lost in the crowd—and you’ll never feel a snag while applying, or see a smear! You’re in control!
Make looking fabulous, effortless! Fabuliner Liquid Eyeliner takes the guesswork out of perfectly liquid-lined eyes! Master any line style—from thin feline-flicks to bold, thick lines just by adding a second swipe! One liquid liner for every kind of drama!
Sometimes you need a perfectly lined look pronto but barely have enough time for breakfast before running out of the door! This felt-tip liner with a liquid finish is here to save the day! Creating ultra-fine lines has never been easier than with the quick-drying, lasts-all-day Fineliner Felt-Tip Liquid Liner!
Bring serious sparkle to the party with glittery eyes in pretty colors! Glitter Rocks Eyeliner adds glitz to your style with every swipe! Next night out all eyes will be on you, glam girl!
Don’t just wing it! Liquid Liner can help you master any liquid-lined look! A quick flick past the outer corner of your eye brings glamour like nothing else can and adding a second flick above it creates a unique graphic eye. The fine tip of the brush makes any style effortless—one beautiful eye at a time!
Don’t let that color get lost! Make shadows more vibrant and less likely to crease or fade by applying a quick dab of the light and creamy Made to Last Eyeshadow Primer to your lids! Day to night—you look fabulous and you know it!
Meet our newest nudes! Made to Last Liquid Eyeshadow is a smooth liquid shadow that melts onto lids and just won’t quit! Highly saturated with color—from neutral pinks to bronzed metals—and decorated with light-reflecting pearls, the stay-all-day shadow is also crease-proof and water-resistant.
Give off a flirty vibe with long and full notice-me lashes! The magic is in the stiff-bristled brush that dramatically lengthens and separates every little lash. This is our classic formula for extremely lush lashes that are anything but basic!
We’re mad about metallics! Paint on intensely metal-hued lines or smooth over your entire lid like an all-over shadow. The tip is retractable, so it never needs sharpening. It’s the rebel of the beauty world and definitely a bold look—we know you wouldn’t have it any other way!
Flirt away, pretty girl! A swipe of ultra-blendable Color Tint Blush will instantly take your cheeks from drab to fab, giving you a notice-me flush of color! This creamy blush is pocket-sized perfection for your cheeks!
Get glowing, gorgeous! Look like you just got back from an exotic beach vacation with one swipe of Powder Bronzer! No need to check for streaks with this blendable, oil-controlling powder—a light dusting of bronze shimmer is the perfect shade of natural-looking tan!
Prime all the time! Prime No-Pores Pore Refining Face Primer glides on easily and visibly reduces the look of large pores and redness, while hydrating skin. The result is a radiant, fresh face and makeup that goes on smoother and lasts longer. The secret to perfectly polished skin is so simple—you’ll never want to skip this step again!
Draw the line at shine! Mattify skin and keep shine away with Prime No-Shine Pore Mattifying Face Primer. Visibly reduce the look of large pores and fine lines and create a base for makeup to glide on evenly. Now you can stay pretty and flawless all day!
Are you a Classic Red kind of girl? Maybe Spiced Rum complements your style best. You’ve got options—and options are a girl’s best friend! No matter what color you choose, this soft matte lipliner is sure to accentuate and define the curves of your lips beautifully. Classic Lipliner keeps lipstick from feathering and helps to make your look last! You can also opt to wear it on its own for a true matte look.
Score an A+ with this full color lip liner in every shade of fabulous from nudes to berries! Easyliner for Lips is the perfect prep-step for a polished lip look! Outline your lips before adding lipstick, or use alone as a semi-matte lip color—just fill in your entire lip area and that’s it!
Wear this juicy gloss on top of your favorite lip color for a boost of shimmer, or on its own for a blast of major shine! Gloss Sensations comes in a tube with a slanted tip that glides onto lips smoothly, and its on-the-go size is just right to toss into your makeup bag or purse!
Score high-wattage shine with a gloss that feels as good on your lips as it looks! Lip Gloss keeps your pout pretty and soft without having to worry about sticky situations. From Pink Sugar to Hot Lips, there’s a shade to match your every mood!
Rock lips with a serious glass-like shine! Lip Out Loud Super Shiny Gloss comes in a variety of high-impact colors paired with a flirty sheen of gloss. Lips give off a full-looking and kissable vibe! Fearless beauties, this one’s for you!
Luscious red lips or a hot pink pout—who can resist? Be bold with Lipstick! It looks good on you! Plus kisses are WAY better in color! This lipstick glides on rich and creamy with a light-as-air feel.
Our all-in-one brow fluffer, filler, and shaper. All brow needs have been considered to create THE brow product: one to thicken, fill in, and groom them into place. The creamy wax formula is inspired by traditional hair pomade for soft, flexible hold that doesn’t stiffen or flake. A sheer pigment load gives a natural oomph of color so brows look fuller and more even, and the tiny tapered brush allows for precise application. We’re inspired by healthy, face-framing brows and consider brow grooming the last crucial step before heading out into the world: brush your teeth, brush your brows, and then maybe brush your hair.
A soft, popsicle-stain flush is our idea of a perfect lip. But no lipstick in the history of lipsticks looks like this. So we invented our own—Generation G. It’s a new kind of lip color that gives the look and finish of a stain, but that glides on and wears like a tinted balm. Because lipstick shouldn’t complicate your look. Premiering in four important shades designed to look amazing on everyone: two that subtly enhance your natural lip tone, and two for a more saturated look. The effect? Diffused, sheer matte goodness—just swipe it on. No liner, no blotting, no YouTube tutorial necessary.
This is the ultimate daily face wash: use on dry skin to dissolve away makeup and grime, or on wet skin as you start your day. The pH-balanced, creamy gel formula is made with a blend of five skin conditioners so your face is left feeling healthy and soft, never tight. Its cleansing power comes from the same gentle cleaning agents you’d find in contact lens solution, so it’s tough on impurities and still safe to use on your eyes. You’ll see.
Light and buildable moisture for a dewy, smooth canvas. “Priming” means that it immediately brings out the best in your skin, so you have a fresh, glowing canvas for the Perfecting Skin Tint. Immediately on application, this plumps skin up with moisture to create cushiony bounce and an even texture, which helps minimize the appearance of pores, minus any heavy blurring ingredients. The anti-redness complex soothes and evens skin tone, leaving a clean, dewy, balanced finish. This comforting cream allows you to layer and build up to the perfect amount of moisture depending on climate, season, or how your skin’s feeling on any given day.
Meet our cult favorite do-everything skin salve. A hydrating, long-lasting, do-everything skin salve that’s packed with antioxidants and natural emollients to nourish and repair dry, irritated skin. The dense, waxy texture stays in place to seal in moisture wherever it goes. So good you’ll want one for your bag, one for your other bag, and one for your medicine cabinet.
Our cult favorite skin salve is now available in four mood-enhancing flavors: Rose (with a barely-there pink tint), Cherry (with a sheer, juicy red tint), Mint, and Coconut. It’s the same super dense formula as the original, updated with luxe scents for every occasion. The lip-smacking, 11-year-old in you is freaking out right now. Collect them all!
Think of this as a juice cleanse for your face. Made with simple, natural ingredients, the Mega Greens Galaxy Pack balances and conditions pores while helping to calm inflammation. Using the gentlest, most nourishing creamy white kaolin clay, this cleansing mask detoxifies skin by drawing out excess oil and impurities—leaving your face with a velvety-matte, clean finish. Beauty foods like vitamin-rich leafy greens and superfruit antioxidants deliver a potent dose of nutrients for when you need to press the reset button on your complexion. Basically, it does a lot of work, so you don’t have to.
The most intensely hydrating treatment we could make: behold, the brightening, creamy dreamy Moisturizing Moon Mask. Sweet almond oil, plant-based squalane, and hyaluronic acid do a deep dive beneath the surface to instantly plump skin up with hydration, helping to smooth fine lines and restore elasticity. Licorice root and lemon fruit extract work quietly behind the scenes to gently brighten and even out your complexion, while honey and aloe act as soothing agents. It’s perfect as a chaser to the Mega Greens Galaxy Pack, or whenever you need an extra dose of comforting moisture. Good for all skin types, this is a must-have mask that your face will thank you for.
Ever thought you’d spray water onto your face right after you washed it? No? Well, this isn’t just water, per se. It’s made with roses and aloe to hydrate, soothe, and leave you feeling fresh and awake, prepping your skin for the Priming Moisturizer. Also excellent as a makeup refresher and midday pick-me-up.
Date night and nothing to wear? Don’t worry! Velvety Matte Lipstick ensures that no one will be looking at just your outfit. With the perfect blast of show stopping color and a non-drying matte finish—your lips will speak for you!
You’re sure to go mad for this matte! The days of dry lips are over—Modern Matte Lipstick stays vibrant and soft-to-the-touch, all day long. No feathering or cracking, just perfectly smooth, soft lips and worry-free wear!
This gloss is berry, berry cute and tastes delicious! Squeeze n’ Shine Lip Gloss has just enough sweetness—and transparent hints of color tint and shimmer—to make you want to squeeze and shine all day long!
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Lanolin Oil, Polyethylene, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Aroma (Flavor), Silica, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Acrylates Copolymer, Propylene Carbonate, Sodium Saccharin, BHT, Alumina, Limonene, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Eugenol, Mica, Tin Oxide, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate. +/- May Contain: Iron Oxide (CI 77491), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 22 Lake (CI 45380), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140).
Give your lips some sugar, sweetie! Sweet Cream Matte Liquid Lip Color starts off as a liquid and melts into a velvety matte finish. Indulge in a light, creamy-whipped feel and dessert-rich flavors like Cherry Cobbler and Red Velvet Cake. Infused with a drop of vitamin A—Sweet Cream Matte Liquid Lip Color keeps lips comfortable and never dry. You just got one step closer to yum!
A lip balm as sweet as you! Sweet N’ Smooth Nourishing Lip Balm gives a hint of color and hydration thanks to an infusion of Shea Butter, Jojoba Oil and vitamin C. Lovers of soft, sweet, kissable lips—this is the balm for you!
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Petrolatum, Ceresin, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Isononyl Isononanoate, Octyldodecanol, Polyethylene, Polybutene, Hydrogenated Microcrystalline Wax, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Wax, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Parfum (Fragrance), Ascorbyl Palmitate. +/- May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77492), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
What’s your favorite way to shine? Sweet N’ Shiny Flavored Lip Gloss makes your mouth water and your lips shine, all at the same time! Always soft, never sticky, with a taste so yum—if you want to go on a mad kissing spree, we’ll understand!
Polybutene, Octyldodecanol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Petrolatum, Flavor (Aroma), Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Caprylyl Glycol, Benzophenone-3, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Sodium Saccharin, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Retinyl Palmitate, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Silica, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Aluminum Calcium Sodium Silicate, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweer Almond) Oil, Alumina. +/- May Contain: Yellow 10 Lake (CI 47005), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 19140), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Mica (CI 77019), Red 22 Lake (CI 45380), Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Carmine (CI 75470), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499), Red 33 Lake (CI 17200).
The Twist & Shine moisturizes every time! Feels comfortable like a balm, looks pretty like a sheer color stain and keeps lips moisturized! Twist & Shine Moisturizing Balm Stain goes on glossy and transforms into the perfect flush of color. For the right amount of wow, Twist and Shine is the how!
Reach high-glam status with nails that go from shabby to stunning in an instant! All French Manicure Nail Polishes come in beautiful finishes—from cream to shimmer—and each contain pearl for a luster that puts pretty right at your fingertips! Quick drying and long-lasting—your nails will only look high-maintenance!
Some girls are just born with glitter in their veins! Opt for long-lasting sparkle on your nails too! Glitters Nail Polish comes in all colors, shapes and sizes for a unique look every time! Celebrate with Celebration—a pretty lavender sparkle—or go holographic with Gold Glam! Collect each one and sparkle on!
The right Nail Treatment can make your nails your favorite accessory! You want long, strong, smooth and healthy looking nails—and we have the right treatments for the job!
Oops! Smudges happen. Erase them super-fast with Quick-Fix Nail Corrector Pen. Seriously, who has time to redo a whole nail? Bonus—take care of your nails at the same time with ultra-moisturizing ingredients!
Designed for when you just want a tint of super flattering color. Each easy to wear shade contains 10% pigment, giving just a hint of long-lasting color. Build the shade for a more dramatic yet casual approach to glamour.
Poppy designed Sinners to be the ultimate full-coverage matte lipsticks with 90% pigment. The Sinner formula takes creaminess to a whole new level. The formulation glides on, lasts beautifully and feels great on the lips. Each shade has been meticulously designed to be the ultimate in its category - lighting up your face and your mood!
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the show. Lipstick Queen is proud to present a sensational new lipstick that will shoot you and your lips straight into the limelight - All That Jazz! Imagine a shimmer and shine never witnessed before, with a molten finish and a bit of the ol’ razzle dazzle to get everyone’s pulse racing. Riotously glamorous with a tantalizing texture and a seriously slinky finish.
Oozing with nourishing ingredients to soothe, repair and hydrate your pout, Queen Bee is an unctuous lip treatment with a glamorous bronze gold finish. Enriched with Royal Jelly, which ensures lips remain super soft and plump, it also contains chamomile and sunflower extract to help soothe sore, chapped lips.
Embrace this season’s glamorous dark lip with Bête Noire, a super-flattering blackberry shade in three chic, flattering and seductive formulations. Possessed Sheer is a silky, wet formula for a mere crush of forest fruits on the lips. Enriched with anti-oxidant Vitamin E and nourishing moisturizing oils, this lipstick keeps lips soft, comfortable and hydrated. Next, discover this same shade in Possessed Intense’s rich, creamy and opaque formula which cloaks the lips with deep, powerful and enduring pigments while moisture-rich oils and waxes ensure lips remain super comfortable and soft. Finally, the metallic finish of Possessed Metal takes statement lips to the next level with its burnished and richly shimmered texture. Enhanced with Apricot Kernel Oil, it glides on effortlessly, dressing the lips with long-lasting and hydrating color.
Inspired by the mystical garden of the same name, Lipstick Queen brings you Eden, the most luscious and tempting lipstick on earth! The color is a vibrant and juicy, semi-sheer red that makes you look like you’ve taken a bite from the most beautiful apple in the world. This easy-to-wear shade flatters every complexion from fair to dark, bringing out a rosy blush in the cheek and a twinkle in the eye.
Get kissed by the moon and travel to intergalactic gorgeousness with Ice Queen, a shimmering white lipstick flecked with silver and gold that works like an illuminator for your lips. Whilst tinting your lips a sparkling and translucent snowy white, Ice Queen brings an ethereal beauty to your look and yet is still transparent enough to allow the natural pink of your lips to shine through. Enhanced with ultra-flattering shimmer particles that catch the light to create an ice cool, sexy look, Ice Queen will leave your lips feeling sleek, magical and modern whilst anti-oxidant Vitamin E and nourishing oils will ensure they remain comfortable, soft and super-hydrated.
Inspired by lipstick’s own intrinsic magnetism, Poppy created The Metals, three ultra-luxurious, satin-metallic lipsticks. Intensely irresistible and glamorous, these lipsticks contain an overdose of ultra-fine metallic pearls and rich pigments for the ultimate magnetic allure. Enriched with high levels of antioxidant Vitamin E and Apricot Kernal Oil to nourish and comfort the lips, these lipsticks cannot fail to entrance you with their smooth, drag-free application, creamily comfortable wear and luxuriously rich coverage.
During medieval times, when lipstick was considered a sin, women used the natural acidity of lemons to bring forth a natural blood-red stain on their lips. This flattering look has been recreated by Poppy in this best-selling tint. Medieval is purely Vitamin E and pigment, making it silky to wear and divinely transparent. And best of all it makes your skin look flawless.
Turn the blackberry lip trend on its head with this ultra-modern, navy blue sheer lipstick. In a nod to the nautical, Hello Sailor tints lips in a cool, berry tone with a hint of deep sapphire. The sheer blue pigment is suspended in a protective Vitamin E treatment that can be worn alone as a nourishing lip tint or teamed with its Berry sisters in Saint or Sinner, to add a topaz glint to your berry lips.
This is pure glamour and luxury for your lips! A pigment-rich yet feather-light lipstick that delivers the drama and intensity of matte without compromising on comfort. The way this lipstick glides weightlessly onto your lips needs to be experienced to be believed!
The light, airy and magical look of the butterfly wing is the ultimate in glamour produced exclusively by Mother Nature. All the subtle Butterfly Ball shades pay tribute to this. They are as sheer as a butterfly wing with a beautiful hint of shimmer and Iridescence when they catch the light. The formula is incredibly wet, soft and moisturizing to condition your lips, while dressing them at the same time.
Dipentaerythrityl Pentaisononanoate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Polybutene, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Octyldodecanol, C10-30 Cholesterol/Lanosterol Esters, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Propylparaben, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Yellow 10 Lake (CI 47005), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410).
Liptropolis tells the story of Lipstick in the City and is a tribute to chic women in cities everywhere! With Manhattan as muse, the book opens to reveal a complete New York wardrobe of lipstick shades. Liptropolis is the first edition in the Lipstick Library - a collectable storybook series of lipstick trios. And now, due to popular demand, these three ultra-wearable shades are available as singles!
One year after the world fell in love with the sensational, sell out green lipstick that transforms into your own flattering shade of rose bud pink, Lipstick Queen brings you Frog Prince Cream Blush and Lip Gloss, two enchanting new ways to bring a little fairy tale magic to your makeup. This show stopping and shimmering green shade adapts according to the wearer’s pH, creating a romantic rosebud hue with a lustrous, high – shine finish. Containing Natural Oils, Shea Butter and Maxi-lip, a natural peptide that stimulates collagen and hyaluronic acid, Frog Prince Lip Gloss helps to nourish and regenerate the lips for a plumper, fuller and more well-defined pout.
This divinely beautiful tint melts onto lips and dries to a naturally gorgeous stain while offering hours of comfortable hydration. The formula can be worn alone or paired beautifully with your favorite Saint or Sinner lipstick, acting as a primer to smooth, hydrate and extend the wear of your lip color. Lips are nurtured by the innovative silky-soft texture infused with Lip Repair Lipid, Black Soybean Extract and Omega-3-rich Algomega. The result is an irresistibly smooth, silky tint that offers it all, from a flawlessly flattering flush of color, to a powerfully-pigmented lip look.
“Every cop is a criminal and all the sinners saints” sang the Rolling Stones, but you don’t have to sympathize with the devil to understand there’s a little saint and sinner in all of us. Celebrating this fact we bring you the wickedly seductive glosses, Seven Deadly Sins. Lightweight yet full-pigment and utterly decadent, these seven enticing glosses prove you can dial up the glamour even when you fall from grace.
Enriched with omega-3 rich Algae, Meadowfoam Seed Oil and Shea Butter to keep lips smooth, soft and hydrated, this remarkable lip gloss has absolutely no hint of stickiness or gloop. Its texture is more akin to that of a serum, with nourishing oils that leave lips feeling soft and pampered. As for the topaz blue shade, it morphs into a flattering pinky mauve on the lips and the additional blue pearl shimmer makes teeth appear whiter and whites of eyes brighter.
Experience intense color that erupts on the lips like molten lava, with pigment so deep it creates an explosion of glamour. Poppy King has created Vesuvius, the world’s most luxurious liquid lipstick. High impact, long-lasting, protective and nourishing, Vesuvius takes statement lips to the next level. In six ultra-flattering shades, Vesuvius provides high-octane glamour that stays put with no stickiness or feathering.
Meet Chinatown, your lip balm, lip gloss and lip liner in one! This quirky new take on lip gloss is the ultimate purse essential. In eight sheer shades of vibrant brights and feminine nudes, these deliciously moisturizing chubby pencils offers the lips a light pop of buildable color, perfect for on-the-go use. Fuss-free and flattering, getting creative with your lips is child’s play!
Inspired by reading about the origins of Big Bang theory, Poppy devised her own theory to create a lipgloss that produces the illusion of fuller lips but without the pain or tingle. Women spend a lot of Time* looking for products that maximize the Expansion of the lips. It seems like everyday there is a new lip-plumping Creation, most of which are uncomfortable to use and end up in the Black Hole of your bathroom drawer. I've taken all of my knowledge of the lip Cosmos and have put all my Energy into designing these eight shades of gloss for a Big Bang effect. Each shade has my exact ratio of shine to shimmer to create the illusion of fuller lips. So don't waste any more Space on lip plumpers that sting - with the right formula, the possibilities for fuller-looking lips and luxurious comfort are Infinite.
Many women are afraid of matte because they think it is high-maintenance, hard to wear and drying. Not so with this lip-cheek rouge, especially as the four shades were designed to be the colors of blush, very sweet, subtle and flattering. If you are wearing a bold or bright lip color then Oxymoron is the perfect way to subtly enhance your natural cheek color.
One year after the world fell in love with the sensational, sell out green lipstick that transforms into your own flattering shade of rose bud pink, Lipstick Queen brings you Frog Prince Cream Blush and Lip Gloss, two enchanting new ways to bring a little fairy tale magic to your makeup. With its petal-soft texture and translucent finish, this silky, gel cream formula brings a natural, rosy flush to the cheeks despite its astonishing lily pad green appearance. The unique color is subtle yet highly buildable, with a soft sheen for a flattering, cheek sculpting effect. Apply with fingers or with a brush.
Inspired by the artful precision of a perfectly applied cupid’s bow, this jumbo pencil is packed with pigment and works just like a lipstick and lip liner together in one. Loaded with hydrating ingredients to keep your pout in perfect condition, these pencils give lips a velvety drama that can be drawn on with one simply stroke. Lips are instantly saturated with rich, plush pigments and a dramatic yet moisture-rich satin matte finish. Naughty, nice and playful, with allow-like precision…just like Cupid himself!
DIISOSTEARYL MALATE, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, POLYETHYLENE, BIS-HYDROXYETHOXYPROPYL DIMETHICONE/IPDI COPOLYMER ETHYLCARBAMATE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, ISODODECANE, MICA, STEARALKONIUM BENTONITE, DICALCIUM PHOSPHATE, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, ETHYL VANILLIN, TOURMALINE, LECITHIN, TOCOPHEROL, ASCORBYL PALMITATE, CITRIC ACID, RED 7 LAKE (Cl 15850), IRON OXIDES (Cl 77491, Cl 77499), TITANIUM DIOXIDE (Cl 77891).
Invisible Lip Liner works wonders with any lip color. The perfect way to stop lipstick from feathering, color stays put and you can create a defined lip line. It's the liner that goes with every single lip color and skin tone.
After hearing hundreds of women’s frustrations over finding the perfect liner, Poppy set out to create a range that was simple and easy to use. They beautifully define the lips and keep lip color in place.
TANtalize and mesmerize with LORAC TANtalizer® Baked Bronzers in three shades: the original, Matte Tan and Golden Glow. Swirling sun-kissed shades deliver Red Carpet radiance in an instant. Baked on terra cotta, this silky-smooth, luminous bronzing powder keeps you looking bronze and beautiful long after the sun has set and the cameras have gone. Extend the summer with this all-in-one compact containing bronzer in the top compartment and a brush and mirror in the lower compartment. Get a luminous Red Carpet glow instantly with TANtalizer® Baked Bronzer!
Get LORAC's BEHIND THE SCENES EYE SHADOW PRIMER and all eyes will be on you! This gentle, lightweight, oil, fragrance and paraben-free formula keeps your eye shadow picture-perfect from daytime to Prime Time. Created by Celebrity Makeup artist Carol Shaw to be used Behind The Scenes on photo shoots and on the Red Carpet, this unique eye shadow primer easily glides on for crease-resistant, silky-smooth color that lasts!
Prime, Prep and Perfect with POREfection® Mattifying Face Primer. This oil, fragrance and paraben-free primer is infused with Salicylic Acid and antioxidants of Vitamins A, C and E to help skin appear healthy, youthful and radiant. The skin-perfecting formula helps to minimize the appearance of pores and fine lines for a silky-smooth, poreless-looking, matte finish. Get long-lasting makeup wear and achieve complexion POREfection® with LORAC!
Matte Satin Blushes are silky-smooth, long-wearing, and highly pigmented powder blushes. Celebrity makeup Artist Carol Shaw, and creator of LORAC Cosmetics, created these powder blushes to blend easily and leave a satin finish when applied to the cheeks. Look fresh and fabulous all day with LORAC’s Baked Matte Satin Blush!
Get an instant flush of long-lasting, natural-looking color with LORAC’S PRO Powder Cheek Stain. Created by celebrity makeup artist Carol Shaw, this innovative, 12-hour long-wear powder blush stains your cheeks with one swipe of healthy, radiant color. Infused with antioxidants of Vitamins A, C, E, Pomegranate, Green Tea, White Tea, Grape Seed Extracts and Aloe to help nourish and protect while Hyaluronic Acid helps to keep skin hydrated. This fragrance-free and paraben-free powder stain is easy-to-use and applies super-smooth for color that lasts. Packaged in a sleek camera lens component, cheek stains are perfect for the PRO on-the-go!
Go PRO with LORAC’S PRO Mascara! This lengthening and thickening professional formula is smudge-resistant, flake-proof and packed with PRO power. Get extra-long, ultra-thick and extremely dramatic lashes with each lash-extending buildable coat. The super-size, jumbo PRO brush easily grabs each lash from root to tip and corner to corner for a luxurious faux-lash look.
Mesmerize and hypnotize with LORAC Cobra Mascara. This curling, lengthening and volumizing formula is infused with Keratin, Panthenol and Vitamin E to help condition and lengthen lashes. The custom Cobra head wand creates dramatic, buildable volume and length for the longest, thickest, blackest smudge and flake proof lashes ever!
Take your lashes from 1-Dimensional to 3-Dimensional with LORAC Multiplex 3D Lashes. This buildable, smudge-resistant and multidimensional mascara contains Silk and Keratin, which help to nourish and condition your lashes. Celebrity Makeup Artist Carol Shaw created this mascara with a professional curved brush that easily grabs, lifts and curls for maximum coverage and length. Multiplex 3D Lashes is a volumizing mascara and thickening mascara that instantly delivers up to 3X the volume for a dramatic lash look. This is one of the best mascaras when creating that smokey eye makeup look!
Go PRO with LORAC PRO Plus Mascara! This buildable, volumizing and lengthening formula is packed with PRO power. Loaded with nylon fibers that cling to your lashes like mini extensions, PRO Plus Mascara helps lashes curl up, look noticeably longer, distinctly lusher and instantly fuller. The super-size PRO brush easily grabs each lash from root to tip and corner to corner for a luxurious, faux-lash look.
This long-wearing, no-smudge, no-budge, water-resistant liquid liner boasts a unique automatic delivery system that provides a clean, precise application. The flexible tip provides ultimate control, accuracy and smooth strokes, so you’ll never miss your lines. From very fine to dramatically bold, this versatile PRO will take you to the front of the line every time!
PRO Cream Eyeliner is an all-in-one, easy-to-use eyeliner that lasts! This long-wearing, highly-pigmented cream eyeliner is infused with Vitamins E and C and comes complete with a custom PRO brush included in the cap for a clean, precise line every time, perfect for the PRO on-the-go!
Get sexy, smoldering, defined eyes with LORAC's 3-In-1 Waterproof Eyeliner Pencil. It's a NO-SMUDGE, NO-BUDGE, Waterproof Eyeliner Pencil with a creamy, velvety-smooth texture and intense, rich color that easily glides on for a clean, precise line that lasts. This 3-In-1, transfer-resistant, retractable pencil is equipped with its own sharpener and smudger for effortless, versatile application.
Go PRO with LORAC PRO Brow Pencil! Create the perfect frame for your face with this long-wearing, ultra-thin pencil that colors, defines, and shapes your brows with natural-looking color. The fine tip allows for tiny, precise hair-like strokes and the attached brow brush combs through brow hairs to shape and groom. Whether you’re filling in your sparse brows or perfecting a full, dramatic brow, LORAC’s PRO Brow Pencil provides PRO color that lasts. This specially formulated PRO Brow Pencil glides on without skipping or tugging for a super smooth application every time. Color, define and shape your brows, just like a PRO!
Instantly transform your look with LORAC Alter Ego Lip Gloss. These sexy and playful lip glosses coat your lips in highly-pigmented, glossy color with a soft Vanilla scent. Alter Ego Lip Gloss contains antioxidants such as Acai Berry, Pomegranate, Grape Seed Extract, and Vitamins C and E. Whether you wish to be a Free Spirit, a Goddess or a Vixen (even if just for a night), Alter Ego Lip Gloss comes in a gorgeous range of colors from soft nudes to vivid hues to create any look you covet. Embrace your every identity and dress up your lips with LORAC.
Amp up your look with LORAC Lip Lustre Gloss! Inspired by our top-selling 3D Liquid Lustre Eye Shimmer, these glimmering, glam glosses are paraben-free, super hydrating and infused with antioxidants of Acai Berry, Pomegranate, Grape Seed and Vitamins A, C & E. Wear Lip Lustre alone or with your favorite LORAC lipstick for added sparkle and shine.
Go PRO with LORAC PRO Matte Lip Color! The PRO tip hugs the curves of your lips with precision and control while the weightless, PRO formula easily glides on with a long-lasting, matte finish. PRO Matte Lip Color comes in an array of highly-pigmented, buildable, rich colors from natural nudes to vibrant hues for a modern, matte lip in any shade you desire. Color, line and define your lips, just like a PRO!
Get a strong, sexy pout with LORAC Lip Luxe 8 Hour* Lip Color. These long-lasting, velvety-smooth lip colors are paraben-free and infused with anti-aging antioxidants of Acai Berry, Pomegranate, Grape Seed and Vitamins C & E to help your luscious lips look healthy and full. This highly-pigmented, 8 hour formula stays put without bleeding or feathering with luxurious matte color that lasts. *Clinically Tested
Instantly transform your look with LORAC Alter Ego Lip Liner. These sexy and playful lip liners are highly-pigmented, smudge-proof and perfect for lining or filling in your lips for color that lasts. Alter Ego Lip Liners​ contain antioxidants such as Acai Berry, Pomegranate, Grape Seed Extract, and Vitamin E to help keep lips soft and healthy while preventing color from bleeding, feathering and fading. Whether you wish to be a Goddess, Socialite or a Dominatrix (even if just for a night), Alter Ego Lip Liner comes in a gorgeous range of colors from soft nudes to vivid hues to create any look you covet. Embrace your every identity and dress up your lips with LORAC.
Get buffed and bronze with TANtalizer Body Bronzing Spray! This long-wearing, water and transfer resistant aerosol bronzer instantly provides natural color while botanicals of Maracuja, Camu Camu, Açai Berry, Pomegranate and Vitamins A & E help your skin look healthy and youthful. The unique, quick-drying formula evens out your skin tone and covers imperfections for a better-than-spray tan bronze glow from head to toe. TANtalizer Body Bronzing Spray comes complete with an easy-to-use pro applicator puff for a mess-free, streak-free, flawless application every time.
TANtalize, mesmerize and moisturize with LORAC's Deep Body Bronzing Luminizer. This quick-drying, long-wearing body makeup instantly gives your body a sexy, deep, dark, better-than-natural Red Carpet tan...without streaking!
TANtalize, mesmerize and moisturize with LORAC TANtalizer® Body Bronzing Luminizer. This quick-drying, long-wearing body makeup instantly gives you a sexy, flawless, better-than-natural tan without streaking.
Get a gorgeous, golden Red Carpet tan instantly! LORAC selfTANtalizer Body Bronzing Gradual Self-Tanner is a unique two-in-one product that creates the immediate, bronze, transfer-resistant glow of a body makeup and the long-lasting tanning results of the best self-tanners. This easy-to-use self-tanning lotion contains DHA to safely build natural, rich color gradually and is infused with anti-aging Camu Camu along with Maracuja and Pomegranate Seed Oils to help skin smooth, healthy and protected. The luxurious vanilla fragrance of LORAC’s gradual self-tanner will awaken your spirits with a sweetly seductive scent. Play it safe and fake a modern, sexy, better-than-natural Red Carpet glow with LORAC selfTANtalizer!
Create a stir with LORAC’S TANtalizer® Lips With Benefits Gloss! This unique, hydrating formula is Paraben-Free and infused with antioxidants of Acai Berry, Pomegranate Extract and Vitamins C & E to help nourish and protect your kissable pout. These luscious glosses feature a ménage-a-trois of swirling striped hues for a one-of-a-kind, high-shine finish with flirty, sexy color and a sweet Crème Brulee fragrance that will have you wanting more. No strings attached, no sticky entanglements, just a satisfying, silky-smooth application every time. Don’t be bashful, Lips With Benefits comes in many complementing shades to please you so you won’t have to feel guilty about choosing more than one color to love!
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Triisostearyl Citrate, Vegetable Oil (Olus/Huile Vegetale), Beeswax (Cera Alba/Cire D'Abeille), Trioctyldodecyl Citrate, Silica, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax (Candelilla Cera/Cire De Candelilla), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Synthetic Wax, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Cera Carnauba/Cire De Carnauba), Calcium Carbonate, Cetyl Ricinoleate, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Polyethylene, Phenoxyethanol, Acacia Decurrens/Jojoba/Sunflower Seed Wax/Polyglyceryl-3 Esters, Tocopherol, Lauryl PCA, Vanillin, Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Propylparaben, Tocopheryl Acetate, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499) , Red 33 Lake (CI 17200), Carmine (CI 75470), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090). 
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Silica, Beeswax (Cera Alba/Cire D´Abeille), Nylon-12, Triisostearyl Citrate, Trioctyldodecyl Citrate, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Vegetable Oil (Olus/Huile Vegetale), Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax (Candelilla Cera/Cire De Candelilla), Tribehenin, Synthetic Wax, Cetyl Ricinoleate, Methyl Methacrylate/Glycol Dimethacrylate Crosspolymer, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Cera Carnauba/Cire De Carnauba), Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Polyethylene, Phenoxyethanol, Acacia Decurrens/Jojoba/Sunflower Seed Wax/Polyglyceryl-3 Esters, Tocopherol, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Lauryl PCA, Vanillin, Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Iron Oxides (CI 77499).
RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, VEGETABLE OIL (OLUS / HUILE VEGETALE), EUPHORBIA CERIFERA (CANDELILLA) WAX (CANDELILLA CERA / CIRE DE CANDELILLA), ETHYLHEXYL METHOXYCINNAMATE, BEESWAX (CERA ALBA/CIRE D’ABEILLE), OZOKERITE, BUTYROSPERMUM PARKII (SHEA) BUTTER, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, HYDROGENATED VEGETABLE OIL, MANGIFERA INDICA (MANGO) SEED BUTTER, PHENOXYETHANOL, ALUMINA, LIMNANTHES ALBA (MEADOWFOAM) SEED OIL, HYDROGENATED OLIVE OIL, HELIANTHUS ANNUUS (SUNFLOWER) SEED OIL, BUTYROSPERMUM PARKII (SHEA) BUTTER EXTRACT, MICA (CI 77019), TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891). 
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Triisostearyl Citrate, Vegetable Oil (Olus/Huile Vegetale), Beeswax (Cera Alba/Cire D´Abeille), Silica, Trioctyldodecyl Citrate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax (Candelilla Cera/Cire De Candelilla), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Synthetic Wax, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Cera Carnauba/Cire De Carnauba), Calcium Carbonate, Cetyl Ricinoleate, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Polyethylene, Phenoxyethanol, Acacia Decurrens/Jojoba/Sunflower Seed Wax/Polyglyceryl-3 Esters, Tocopherol, Lauryl PCA, Vanillin, Red 33 Lake (CI 17200), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
TALC, ZINC STEARATE, BORON NITRATE, MICA, NYLON-12, MAGNESIUM CARBONATE, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, DIMETHICONE, MINERAL OIL, KAOLIN, ZEA MAYS (CORN) STARCH, SILICA, METHYLPARABEN, PROPYLPARABEN, MAY CONTAIN: IRON OXIDES, CI77499, CARMINE, RED 30 LAKE, RED 6 LAKE, RED 7 LAKE, TITANIUM DIOXIDE, RED 40 LAKE
LORAC Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Boron Nitride, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Octyldodecanol, Oryzanol, Tocopherol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, MAY CONTAIN: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Carmine (CI 75470). *Contains Carmine as a color additive.
Talc, Mica, Zinc Stearate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Dimethicone, Mineral Oil, Kaolin, Lauroyl Lysine, Carum Petroselinum (Parsley) Extract, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract, Althaea Officinalis (Marshmallow) Root Extract, Centaurea Cyanus (Cornflower) Flower Extract, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR: Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1)
LORAC Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Soothing sheer-nude eye primer that glides on effortlessly and disappears instantly. The ultimate eye prep for smoother, more vibrant and lasting eyeshadow color. It transforms any eye shadow into smudge-proof, crease-proof and transfer-free. Holds eyeshadow in place all day-long and holds even large-size glitter particles. Enriched with Vit-E and Chamomile Flower. Extract to provide skin soothing and protecting benefits.
Silky and lightweight primer specially designed to instantly minimizes the appearance of fine lines & pores and to control shine while prolonging the wear of your makeup. Enriched with Salicylic Acid: Helps to gently exfoliate dead skin cells. Enriched with a blend of Vit-A, Vit-C, Vit-E, Bioflavonoides, Allantoin and Hedera Helix to promote healthy cell renewal, soothing, anti-oxidant, anti-microbial and anti-inflammatory benefits. For all skin types, including oily and combination skin. Skin Perfection Silicone based formula: Instantly minimizes skin imperfections by creating a soft focus effect. Provides flawless and matte skin look in any light.
Luxurious creamy smooth blush with blendable velvety finish. Imparts natural, even and buildable coverage with a flawless finish.
Ultra creamy-smooth mineral baked bronzer and luminizer that provides supreme sun-kissed look. Infused with Tourmaline, an electrical charged stone that vitalizes and makes skin appear more radiant and youthful. Enriched with multi-vitamins for anti-oxidant benefits. A botanical blend of Chamomile and Shea butter was added for skin soothing, conditioning & protection. Free of Talc, Paraben and Fragrance.
Ultimate over sized matte finish bronzer with a shimmery gold sunflower over-spray. Two different looks can be achieved: natural-sun-kissed healthy glow or a stunning glamorous look. Sheer, lightweight finish can be used to sculpt facial features or all over face and décolleté. Naturally scented with aromatic chamomile for fresh and soothing application.
4 hr. long-lasting eyeliner ideal for sensitive skin. Safe for waterline use. 100% plant-derived skin conditioning ingredients. Designed with jojoba, mango seed, meadowfoam seed, macadamia and cotton seed oils. Soft & even application. Deep black matte finish.
24-hour highly pigmented liquid eyeliner. Party-proof, water-proof, sweat-proof, smudge-proof and transfer-free. 24 hr. Long wear Fast drying. Shiny finish
Classic wooden pencil that provides a soft and precise line. Rich and true color payoff. Professional texture with vegetable oil ingredients that gives it its smooth texture. Easily blends and applies without tugging or pulling the eye area. Ideal for waterline application.
12 hr. extreme long-lasting and waterproof jumbo eyeliner. Perfect size and shape to provide comfortable grasp and a steadier hand application. Soft tip allows you to draw both thin or bold lines. Ideal to draw dramatic cat-eye in ultra black. Ultra black semi-matte finish.
12 hr. extreme long-lasting and waterproof eyeliner glass jar with a slanted eyeliner brush applicator. Lightweight and mess proof. Black matte finish. Comes with built-in applicator. Safe for waterline use.
14 hr. extreme long-lasting liquid eyeliner. Unique tiny ultra soft tip. The grip area on barrel allows smooth, comfortable and precise application. You can create a fine & ultra precise line or a bolder line. Pressure on application define line boldness. Ultra Black Shinny finish.
12 hr. extreme long-lasting. Liquid eyeliner with a unique applicator that provides ultra precision application. The perfect product to line and define the eyes. You can create ultra fine, dramatic lines or graphic designs all over! The unique fiber tip applicator provides control for a quick and easy application.
Totally intense and long lasting pencil eyeliners. Colored shades feature ultimate smoky-iridescent finish. Ultra smooth application. Party-proof, water-proof, smudge-proof and transfer-free.
Unique and innovative all-in-one: Lip, Eye and Brow primer & liner. Retractable pencil with built- in sharpener. Multiple-use as primer and liner for Eyes, Lips and Brows. Boosts eyeshadow color, dimension and wear. No crease, no budge, no transfer! Transform any eyeshadow into long wear eyeliner. No budge, no transfer! Matches to perfection any lipstick shade. Set brows in place and holds brow powder longer. No budge, no transfer! Use it to create semi-permanent tattoos!
16 hr. extreme long lasting , waterproof and sweat proof. Multi task pencil can be used as eyeshadow, liner and shadow base. Ideal to create the Black Tie Smoky Eye Look! Thanks to its luxurious multi-dimensional black pearl effect. Lightweight. Will not budge, crease or transfer!
Gentle formula featured in a wooden pencil that provides a soft and precise line. Rich and true color payoff. Easily blends and applies without tugging or pulling the eye area.
Super soft khol formula that has a velvety texture that can also be used as an eyeshadow. Includes a built-in tapered sponge-tip applicator, perfect for creating a smoky eye look. Great as an eyeshadow base to create the perfect smoky eye. Rich and true color payoff that is long lasting. Creamy and easily blends without tugging or pulling the eye area.
The ultimate beauty accessory! 8 hr. super long lasting and waterproof eyeliner with surreal multi-dimensional sparking effect. Exquisite jewel-like pencil. Can be used both as eyeshadow and liner. Enriched with moisturizing, and anti-oxidant that melts onto skin during application. Doesn’t budge, crease or transfer.
The perfect tool to create a multitude of looks. 24hr extreme long-lasting and waterproof eyeliner. Innovative & versatile triple tip. Ideal for tightline the upper and lower lash line. Doesn’t budge or transfer. Can be applied on lashes to intensify your look. Dot line and lash application create the ultimate makeup look.
8 hr.. super long-lasting and waterproof true khol kajal eyeliner suitable for waterline use. Magically and instantly makes your eyes look bigger and brighter! The khol’s particles stimulate the production of small droplets of tears creating the illusion of more brilliant and bigger eyes.
6 hr. super long-lasting, waterproof and extra precise eyeliner. Featured in a retractable twist mechanism that does not require sharpening. Innovative micromatic pencil technology that provides ultra precise & extra fine line application. No other eyeliner draws such clear-cut line on upper and lower lash line. Semi-matte black finish. Enriched with natural anti-oxidants.
12 hr. extreme long-lasting and waterproof eyeliner. Soft smudging sponge to create the ultimate smoky eye look. Cutting-edge smoky powder eyeliner technology with velvety-soft application. Dramatic ultra black semi-matte finish. Doesn’t budge or transfer! Safe for waterline use.
Soft and smooth waterproof liner with a swivel-up application that retracts and never needs sharpening. The rounded point applies color smoothly and evenly without pulling or tugging the eye area. Rich and true color payoff that is long lasting.
A waterproof and long lasting pencil eyeliner with a smooth and soft application. Enriched with jojoba and cotton seed oil that allows for a smooth application without tugging or pulling the eye area. It does not run, smudge or budge. Ideal for humid and hot weather conditions. Rich and true color payoff that is long lasting.
Drama, length, volume and intense black lashes in a single stroke. Features a functional tree-design mess-proof brush that grabs and coats all lashes including the small ones. Ultra black and Long wearing mascara. Smudge-proof, clump-proof and flake-proof
Volumizing and lengthening mascara featuring full plushy brush that grabs close to the root boosting length. Full body, high-volume lashes in a single stroke. Instant lash drama that won’t smudge, clump, or flake.
Jet-black volumizing mascara. Full contact brush coasts each and very lash. Magically transform your lashes and intensifies your look. No clumping, flaking or smudging
Waterproof mascara featuring a sculpted brush that delivers mascara in unique and dimensional pattern coating lash by lash. The ideal mascara for women’s modern and dynamic lifestyle! Natural look with extra lash fullness, lengthens & extreme wear. Enriched with emollients to soften and condition lashes for a comfortable wear & high definition finish!
Exquisite Eyeshadows designed with Color Technology to create ultimate multi-dimensional finish. High Pigment & Ultra Creamy texture. Wet and Dry application. Long wear crease proof. Enriched with skin conditioning ingredients.
Breakthrough viscoelastic color matrix- eyeshadow technology that entraps pigments and provides a controlled release during application; the more you rub, the more pigment it releases and the more coverage is achieved. High Pigment .Silky-smooth texture. Vibrant and lasting color .Long wear crease proof. Enriched with rice lipids to provide skin conditioning benefits
Dramatic , Rich & Reflective! An eye-catching embossed eyeshadow that with one sweep of color, creates a magnificent foiled metallic look. Designed with naturally occurring metallic pigments and cased in a stylish compact. High pigment. Rich creamy texture. Wet and dry application. Remarkable staying powder. Enriched with skin conditioning ingredients
Ultimate party-proof eyeshadow! Totally long wearing, waterproof, sweat-proof and transfer-free pencil eyeshadow that renders a flawless, sleek look that stays put all day and night. High Pigment. Lightweight creamy texture. Crease proof & 16 hour wear. Triple use: eyeliner, eyeshadow and eye base.
A waterproof and long wearing wooden brow pencil featuring a custom stiff bristle grooming brush on the cap. Easily glides on with one stroke application. Waterproof and long wearing formula that doesn’t transfer. Shades designed to give a natural appearance to brows. Enriched with fruit wax and high content of plant-derived ingredients that provides a smooth texture and professional finish
Color Blend Technology brow pencil, with a build in grooming brush that fills in the gaps and blends seamlessly. It delivers the perfect match and the most natural looking brows due to its marbleized effect. technology
Retractable slanted pencil with soft and gliding application easily defines and sculpts brows. Waterproof and smudge-proof. Long-wear pencil with high coverage yet natural finish. Enriched with antioxidants, Vit-C and Vit-E. Built-in spoolie brush.
This unique ultra-fine and extra precise retractable brow pencil comes in a universal shade that works for any hair color or skin tone. Waterproof and long wearing pencil. Provides hair-like application. Defines, fills-in and shapes brows. Built-in spoolie brush.
All day wear and smudge-proof eyebrow marker that provides controlled and precision application. Soft tip that defines, fills in and shapes your eyebrows. It renders natural looking eyebrows. Buildable coverage.
Clear styling gel serum with caring benefits. Suitable for all hair colors, it provides brows with a flake-free, natural & sleek lustrous finish. Defines and tames unruly brows and holds them in place all day long. Conditions and revitalizes brows. Designed with special peptides and vitamins to help strengthen brows. Daily application of this product helps you to achieve fuller and more youthful looking brows.
Double-sided grooming tool for brows and lashes.
A tool specially designed to shape your brows accordingly to your facial features. It precisely defines where to start, arch and end your brows. Portable and easy to use
Sleek silver wooden barrel with color tipped end. This soft and smooth liner defines lips precisely and comfortably. Rich and true color payoff. Glides with ease without tugging or pulling.
Luxurious ultra-creamy and high pigment matte lip color. Glides smoothly and renders full and lasting color registration in a single stroke. Designed with a special matiffying agent that instantly fills in lines and delivers ultra matte finish. Enriched with Shea butter and moisturizing ingredients. Conditions and protects lips while delivering ultra comfortable application
Totally intense and true color revelation! Ultra rich, ultra pigment lip color featured in a retractable jumbo makeup pencil. Luxurious ultra-creamy and conditioning texture. Full coverage in a single stroke. Extended wear. Luminous finish. Enriched with moisturizing and conditioning Murumuru and Shea Butter
Soft and smooth waterproof lip liner with a swivel-up application that retracts and never needs sharpening. Pencil barrel colored matched with product color. The rounded point applies color smoothly and evenly without pulling or tugging the lip area. Flawless, rich and true color payoff that is long lasting.
100% waterproof technology combined with the soft-smooth application and long wear. Glides on smoothly without tugging or pulling. 100% smudge-free and budge-free. Ideal for pool & beach time! Fill in your entire lips for stay put sun kissed color. Flawless, rich, true and long lasting color.
Ultra lightweight lip lacquer that glides on smoothly and evenly. Cutting-edge high pigment technology. Long wear. Comfortable and smooth application. Full coverage in a single stroke. Moist-Flex color technology
Luxurious ultra gentle and tack-free mineral lip gloss that renders sheer coverage and hours of lip loving moisture and protection. Infused with Tourmaline, an electrical charged stone that vitalizes and makes skin to appear more radiant and youthful. Enriched with multi-vitamins for anti-oxidant benefits. Infused with a blend of botanical skin soothing and moisturizing ingredients. Talc-free, Paraben-free and naturally scented.
Prestige Total Intensity Professional Brush is a Brush that retails for $6.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Full brush head, compact handle. Portable and easy to use.
Professional stainless steel blade duo sharpener specially designed to sharpen slim and jumbo cosmetic pencils.
Premium quality duo sharpener specially designed to sharpen slim & jumbo cosmetic pencils.
Premium quality duo sharpener specially designed to sharpen slim and jumbo cosmetic pencils. Includes removable clear reservoir to store shavings to prevent spillage into purse or makeup bag. Also includes blade protecting cleaning stick to remove residues.
Mica, Talc, Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Zinc Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid, Tin Oxide. MAY CONTAIN [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide CI 77891, Mica CI 77019, Iron Oxides CI 77491 / CI 77492 / CI 77499, Ultramarines CI 77007, Blue 1 Lake CI 42090, Ferric Ferrocyanide CI 77510, Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide CI 77510, Chromium Oxide Greens CI 77288, Chromium Hydroxide Green CI 77289, Manganese Violet CI 77742, Carmine CI 75470, Bismuth Oxychloride CI 77163, Aluminum Powder CI 77000, Bronze Powder CI 77400, Copper Powder CI 77400, Yellow 5 Lake CI 19140. 
Talc, Boron Nitride, Mica, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Poloxamer 338, Silica, Zinc Stearate, PTFE. MAY CONTAIN [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide CI 77891, Mica CI 77019, Iron Oxides CI 77491 / CI 77492 / CI 77499, Ultramarines CI 77007, Blue 1 Lake CI 42090, Ferric Ferrocyanide CI 77510, Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide CI 77510, Chromium Oxide Greens CI 77288, Chromium Hydroxide Green CI 77289, Manganese Violet CI 77742, Carmine CI 75470, Bismuth Oxychloride CI 77163, Aluminum Powder CI 77000, Bronze Powder CI 77400, Copper Powder CI 77400,Yellow 5 Lake CI 19140.
Prestige Totally Matte Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Boron Nitride, Cetearyl Isononanoate, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbic Acid. May Contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide CI 77891, Mica CI 77019, Iron Oxides CI 77491 / CI 77492 / CI 77499, Manganese Violet CI 77742, Carmine CI 75470, Ferric Ferrocyanide CI 77510. 
The essential brow kit that naturally primes, shapes and fills in the gaps while locking brows in place. Brow powders can be used individually or combined to create your perfect brow shade. The brow primer helps fix the brow powder in place. Includes a collection of brow tools: spoolie brush, brow powder brush and tweezers.
Prestige Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our #1 selling waterproof liquid liner enables you to create a variety of eye-opening effects—from thin, precise lines to thick, dramatic looks. The formula glides on with ease, dries quickly and won't smudge or run day-into-night. The fine marker-like tip offers precise application for everyone from novices to pros and results in beautifully defined eyes that will leave a lasting impression. 
Amplify arches with our unique, waterproof liquid brow formula. The specially-designed, marker-like brush tip creates dramatic definition and helps make brows appear fuller, lusher and perfectly polished. Application is effortless as the long-lasting, waterproof formula glides on evenly to simulate the look of gorgeously groomed brows. 
Bold eye liner looks, from tight lines to cat eyes, have never been so easy to achieve. Got Inked™ Cushion Eye Liner is a lightweight, yet richly pigmented liquid eye liner dispensed through a unique cushion soaked in color. A full range of six dazzling colors - from flat to metallic finishes - can be expertly applied with the custom designed LA QUILL PRECISION EYE LINER BRUSH that dips into the sponge like a calligraphy pen and draws across the lid in a slow, smooth, fluid motion. From day-into-night, the long-wearing formula stays put, keeping eyes looking effortlessly chic. 
A highly water-resistant, volumizing mascara that stays in place until you say when! Stay All Day® Waterproof Volumizing Mascara is an innovative, long-wearing mascara that contains a special polymer with an extremely high resistance to water. The rich formula pumps up the volume of lashes, is buildable and unlike other waterproof mascaras, leaves lashes soft and shiny, yet will not smudge, budge or flake. The unique triangular brush expertly applies a generous coat of mascara for extreme volume and beautifully defined lashes.
A lustrous luxe shadow that glistens like a jewel and feels like a dream. This sheer talc sweeps over lids with continuous color and a silky-smooth texture that feels weightless, and looks glamorous. Choose from 8 sparkly shades.
Hydrogenated Soybean Oil, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Zinc Stearate, Polyethylene, Mica, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Methicone. (+/-) Titanium Dioxide ( CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
A truly innovative, water-proof, transfer-proof and nourishing long-wearing brow gel that provides rich, stay-true, no-fade color in 5 shades to match all hair colors. The brow gel adds the perfect combination of instant definition and fullness for thin, barely-there brow hairs. Our first-to-market double-ended brow brush with spooly mimics the arch of the brow to fill and shape with precision. Our innovative tube dispenser with an angled well holds the perfectly dispensed dose of brow gel.
Stila has taken the best-selling Major Lash Mascara and stepped it up a notch. MAJOR Major Lash Mascara comes in a new larger tube. The wand has been upgraded to a thicker, tapered brush that is perfect for reaching even the smallest of lashes and coats the lashes like never before. Lashes are left thick and bold. Our long-lasting, plush formula is still the best in the business, known for leaving your lashes looking extra long and luxurious. MAJOR major lash mascara is the one you need to leave a MAJOR lasting impression. 
Who needs false lashes when you've got Glamoureyes Mascara? This next generation of mascara perfectly adheres to each lash and instantly lengthens, volumizes and curls for your softest, plushest lashes ever. The weightless, creamy formula glides on to create a dramatic, wide-eyed look without clumping. The secret is a lash-amplifying polymer that instantly transforms eyes from ordinary to alluring. A unique multi-level brush has one layer to fluff and volumize, while the second layer lengthens and curls lashes. The result? Lashes that can stop traffic with the blink of an eye. 
Our innovative lash primer works like magic to deliver incredibly full, lush lashes when paired with your favorite mascara. The secret is not one, but two different kinds of fibers built into the creamy, easy-to-apply formula. Spherical and straight fibers work simultaneously to deliver a faux-looking, extreme lash look while a proprietary blend of soft waxes and thickening agents ensure lashes stay flexible and perfectly sculpted. The formulas neutral brown shade mimics your natural lash color so perfect coverage is guaranteed, application is a cinch and your favorite Stila mascara will look better than ever. 
Our Mile High Mascara gives lashes an instant upgrade. A specially patented brush with V-shaped bristles delicately wraps lashes from roots to tips for sumptuous, sky-high lift and curl. The jet-black formula glides on seamlessly, transporting lashes with length and volume that won't smudge, budge, clump or flake. 
Create metal eyes that mesmerize with our Magnificent Metals Foil Finish Eye Shadow, a striking cream-to-powder shadow with a multidimensional metallic finish. Inspired by the runway, our one-of-a-kind formula is packed with rock-and-roll sparkle to achieve a variety of effects, from a light wash of shimmer to an opaque metallic finish. It also comes with a mini Stay All Day® Liquid Eye Primer & handy mixing tray... simply prime, combine and shine! 
Pure rock and roll in a pot. Each Magnificent Metals Eye Liner is handmade with an innovative blackout base that allows deeply-saturated shimmer to shine through, creating an intense metallic finish - the first of it's kind! Inspired by Stila's runway beauty at New York Fashion Week, you can use it as an eye liner or smoldering shadow.
The ultimate power pout! This creamy-matte, full-coverage lip color delivers bold, long-lasting color and stays in place for up to 6 hours of continuous wear. The texture is weightless on lips and comfortable. The color-rich formula will not bleed or transfer. Enriched with Vitamin E and avocado oil, Stay All Day® Liquid Lipstick softens the lips so they look and feel beautiful!
A modern take on traditional lipstick, this creamy lip color provides the full pigment load of a lipstick, yet delivers the nourishing properties of a balm. Featuring a luxe, satin finish, this formula offers excellent color payoff while phyto-derived emollient properties moisturize lips. Naturally cooling peppermint oil refreshes and rejuvenates, while sunflower-based polyglycerides sooth and smooth lips. 
RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL, OLEIC/LINOLEIC/LINOLENIC POLYGLYCERIDES, POLYETHYLENE, SILICA, HYDROGENATED PALM KERNEL GLYCERIDES, DIISOSTEARYL MALATE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, HYDROGENATED POLYCYCLOPENTADIENE, EUPHORBIA CERIFERA (CANDELILLA) WAX (CANDELILLA CERA / CIRE DE CANDELILLA), SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS (JOJOBA) SEED OIL, MENTHA PIPERITA (PEPPERMINT) OIL, LIMONENE, LINALOOL, HYDROGENATED PALM GLYCERIDES, MENTHOXYPROPANEDIOL, VANILLIN, AMMONIUM GLYCYRRHIZATE, PHENOXYETHANOL. (+/-) TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140).
This 2-in-1 cooling lip treatment and primer keeps your pout looking and feeling full and plump. As the product disperses on the lips, the water evaporates, leaving a conditioning shield, which seals in moisture and delivers volumizing actives. Lips are prepped for color-true application through high performance pigments that neutralize discoloration and imperfections of the lips.
Magnificent Metals Lip Gloss is a revolutionary metallic lip lacquer with an intense, multidimensional finish. Inspired by the runway, our cutting edge formula is infused with conditioners and micro-fine pearls that leave lips with a luxurious, satin-shimmer finish. It is Stila's modern metallics, at its finest.
Stila's newest crush creates a beautiful bronzey, rose gold shade for your lips and cheeks! Plus - this gorgeous crush is infused with coconut extract! This revolutionary stain creates a personalized blush and pout with one click. The nourishing formula contains potent antioxidants, vitamins A, C and E to moisturize and coconut extracts, which is known to slow the degeneration of collagen - thus supporting the skin's natural structure and slowing premature aging. Also, coconut is celebrated for its high levels of antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. A must-have, long-wearing lip & cheek stain for a naturally beautiful, bronzey glow. 
A high-shine, high pigment, high performance lip gloss that gives the appearance of a bold, lacquered lip. Unlike other long-wearing formulas, Stay All Day® Vinyl Lip Gloss won't dry out lips thanks to the infusion of nourishing and moisturizing ingredients including seaweed extract and organic green coffee oil. Simply sweep onto lips for an immediate burst of color and shine that stays in place through the day... and night.
Ready, Set, Glow! This water-based primer stick offers immediate pore-reduction, skin-smoothing, redness-reduction and hydrating benefits. The innovative formula delivers a burst of refreshing hydration while simultaneously delivering a distinctive cooling sensation. Skin is left silky, poreless and even-toned, creating the perfect canvas for your makeup application. 
Swirl your way to perfect skin in one step! This innovative, triple-swirled helix serum instantly primes, color-corrects, brightens and nourishes skin for a flawless face with no fuss. 
Swirl your way to the perfect bronze in one step! This innovative triple-swirled helix serum instantly illuminates, bronzes, primes and nourishes the skin. One Step Bronze immediately improves the skintone, evens out your complexion and helps smooth fine lines and wrinkles! Stila's new One Step Bronze is oil-free and melts right into the skin and dries down, creating a gorgeous glow.
This multi-tasking, secret weapon provides invisible coverage for a flawless complexion. Use under makeup as a primer to create an impeccable canvas for flawless makeup application, use over makeup to set and extend wear, or use in place of a pressed powder for touchups throughout the day. This versatile, cream-to-powder formula smoothes skin imperfections, minimizes pores, evens skin tone, reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and controls oil production. A silky, translucent crystal finish catches and re-emits light, diffusing imperfections for a perfectly smooth and even skin tone. Makeup glides on with ease and sets for long-lasting, high-definition results. When used in place of a powder, it absorbs excess oil, eliminates shine, and never leaves a powdery trace behind. This weightless formula is easy to apply, velvety soft and completely undetectable on the skin.
Swirl your way to a luminous, glowing complexion in one step! This innovative triple-swirled helix serum instantly illuminates, primes and nourishes skin while also working to improve skintone, even the complexion and smooth the look fine lines and wrinkles.
This weightless, water-based blush, in an exclusive netted pot delivery system, provides a sheer splash of color to the cheeks with a rejuvenating cooling effect. Its luminous finish adds a healthy-looking, fresh glow to the skin. 
talc, zea mays (corn) starch, dimethicone, zinc stearate, zeolite, dimethiconol, sorbic acid, may contain (+/-) mica, red 27 (ci 45410), red 28 lake (ci 45410) 
This lightweight, water-based gel bronzer provides a sheer veil of sun-kissed color that pairs perfectly with your skin tone. Skin is instantly awakened, softened, brightened and smoothed with this non-sticky, cooling gel formula. 
All Over Shimmer is a creamy, skin-enhancing luminizer that gives the skin a fresh, radiant glow. Soft focus pigments help diminish skin imperfections and minimize the appearance of fine lines and sun spots. This luxurious formula can also be mixed into face lotion or your favorite Stila foundation for a touch of brightened radiance.
This long-handled, professional brush is dome-shaped and contains bristles cut on a gradation to pick up and deposit color to the cheek area. Color is soft and natural and no blending is required. 
This long handled, professional brush contains bristles made from sable and makes applying concealer quick and easy--so you can diminish that pesky undereye discoloration in no time.
Whether using stila eye shadows wet or dry, a precise, well-defined line is achieved with this long handled, professional brush. 
With its tapered head and smartly gradated bristles, a sweep of shadow is applied to effortlessly blended perfection.
This long-handled, professional brush defines the crease area and creates the perfect contour.
The perfect long-handled, professional finishing brush for the eye area. Color is blended instantly, eliminating any harsh lines. 
This long handled, professional brush has stiff-angled bristles that provide maximum control for creating and defining the eyebrows.
Stila's long-handled, professional brush is designed to blend and feather concealer over blemishes and discolorations on the face. Flaws are concealed and beautiful skin is revealed.
This long handled, professional brush has short, stiff bristles that make applying eyeliner to the lash line quick and easy.
The essential shadow, crease and liner brush! The larger side is ideal for applying eye shadow or contour to the eye area. The smaller side, used wet or dry, lines and defines eyes to complete the look.
Capture the glow of the sun with stila's bronzing brush. This brush blends bronzer perfectly providing a natural tan look. 
The perfect tool for eye enhancement! The softly angled end blends color from lash line up to the crease with ease. The rounded, pointed end lines beneath the eye and/or adds the perfect pop of color to the center of the lids. 
This bell shaped brush has bristles manicured to a flat top. A corner edge applies color precisely beneath the cheekbone for a contoured cheek look. The flat circular top lays cheek color down on top of the cheekbone in one sweep.
Stila's double-ended powder brush is designed flat to gently lay powder onto the surface of the skin. The tip is angled to easily set under-eye concealer. Powder your T-zone with the fuller end of the brush.
Stila’s favorite lip brush in a beautiful rose gold component has a flat, narrow bristle head to achieve impeccable lip definition. The brush has a protective cap that can be placed on the end of the brush when in-use to extend the length of the handle.
This double-sided dense brush allows you to pack color onto the lid in certain areas and simply flip to the other side to create a soft definition in the crease. This brush was created to be used with Baked Eye Shadow Trios, but can be used with any eye shadow.
Apply any stila face powder with the stylish, matte silver retractable brush. Perfect to toss in your bag and go!
La Quill Precision Eye Liner Brush is a modern take on a traditional, feathered calligraphy pen. Custom-designed for our GOT INKED™ CUSHION EYE LINER, it delivers perfect product pickup and precise placement. The click on cap makes it ideal for the Stila girl-on-the-go!
Introducing the brush of many wonders! This ultra-soft, custom shaped brush is perfect for sculpting, buffing and blending all of your favorite powders, liquids and creams seamlessly. Featuring ultra-soft yet dense, high-grade synthetic bristles, the unique brush is the ultimate tool to have on-hand in your makeup bag or drawer.
Emphasize metallic eyes with this double-ended applicator, designed to use with our MAGNIFICENT METALS EYE LINER. Crafted from a special blend of silicon fibers, it features two sides: the pointed tip creates thin, defined lines, while the chiseled tip yields thicker, smoldering results.
Ace your heavy-metal eye makeup with this rock star brush, made exclusively for our MAGNIFICENT METALS FOIL FINISH EYE SHADOW. The chiseled tip is crafted from a special blend of silicon fibers, picking up every ounce of shimmer to seamlessly apply your eye shadow.
Mica, Zinc Stearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dimethicone, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Isopentyldiol. (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (Cl 77891), Iron Oxides (Cl 77491, Cl 77492, Cl 77499), Carmine (Cl 75470), Yellow 5 Lake (Cl 19140), Manganese Violet (Cl 77742), Ultramarines (Cl 77007). 
Stila Perfect Me, Perfect Hue Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Perfect Me, Perfect Hue Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
mica, talc, octyldodecyl stearoyl stearate, dimethicone, polysorbate 20, glyceryl ethylhexanoate/stearate/adipate, magnesium aluminum silicate, phenoxyethanol, isopropyl myristate, sodium dehydroacetate, cetearyl ethylhexanoate, sorbitan stearate, zea mays (corn) starch, tocopheryl acetate, polyacrylamide, c13-14 isoparaffin, laureth-7, ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, retinyl palmitate, bht, titanium dioxide (ci 77891), iron oxides (ci 77491, ci 77492, ci 77499), manganese violet (ci 77742), yellow 5 lake (ci 19140), carmine (ci 75470)
RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL, LANOLIN OIL, MICROCRYSTALLINE WAX, BEESWAX (CERA ALBA), PHENYL TRIMETHICONE, OCTYL DODECANOL, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, OZOKERITE, HYDROGENATED PALM KERNEL GLYCERIDES, OCTYL PALMITATE, ISONONYL ISONONANOATE, C-12-15 ALKYL BENZOATE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, HYDROGENATED PALM GLYCERIDES, BHT. (+/-) TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), RED 30 LAKE (CI 73360), RED 22 LAKE (CI 45380), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850), RED 28 LAKE (CI 45410), MANGANESE VIOLET (CI 77742).
C12-15 ALKYL BENZOATE, CALCIUM ALUMINUM BOROSILICATE, CERESIN, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL, HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL HYDROXYSTEARATE, ISOHEXADECANE, ISOSTEARYL NEOPENTANOATE, OCTYLDODECANOL, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, PARFUM (FRAGRANCE), POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE, PPG-15 STEARYL ETHER, PPG-25-LAURETH-25, SORBITAN ISOSTEARATE, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, TALC, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, TRIBEHENIN, TRIMETHYLSILOXYPHENYL DIMETHICONE. (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). Yellow 5 ( CI 19140).
Stila Shape & Shade Contour is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Stila Shape & Shade Highlight is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
talc, triethylhexanoin, zinc stearate, magnesium carbonate, caprylyl glycol, phenoxyethanol, hexylene glycol, tocopheryl acetate, may contain (+/_) mica, titanium dioxide (ci 77891), iron oxides (ci 77489, ci 77491, ci 77492, ci 77499), carmine (ci 75470) . contains carmine as a color additive.
This palette gives you all the glow you could want—all in one place. This limited-edition, covetable BECCA x Jaclyn Hill Champagne Collection Face Palette features five shades of highlighter and blush to illuminate all skintones, allowing you to customize your looks. Get the iconic Champagne Pop and new shades designed by Jaclyn Hill. It includes two Highlighter shades, two Mineral Blush shades, and a Luminous Blush hue in Rosé Spritz for a pop of color. Mix and match the shades to create endless layers of light and color for your perfect, custom glow. Just sweep the creamy powders across the face, or layer them to highlight your favorite features with universally flattering shades. This palette is perfect for achieving your own, glowing look.
Maybelline's Color Sensational The Loaded Bolds Lip Color delivers one-stroke intensity with hyper-color pigments and an opaque, creamy clay base.
Becca Eye Palette 5-Pan is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
From start to finish, primer to powder, The One Perfecting Brush can be used with liquids, creams, powders and anything in between. Non-porous, high-quality natural hair allows product to sit on top of bristles rather than absorbing, ensuring a seamless application with no wasted product. It can be used effectively as a foundation brush, powder brush, contour brush, bronzer brush, stipple brush, blush brush, fan brush, concealer brush, kabuki, or sponge. The bristles are packed in a 3.5 inch horizontal design allowing you to effortlessly and evenly cover larger or smaller surface areas. The density of the brush creates a smooth, even, and airbrushed application every time, taking the guesswork out of brushwork. Flat edges fit the linear contours of your face, while curved corners allow for targeted, more precise application. Long, flexible bristles make a variety of application techniques possible including: targeted application, stippling, blending, contouring, and highlighting. 
Becca Bronzing Skin Perfector’s flattering shade is infused with pearls to boost the complexion’s luminosity. It can be worn on darker skintones to minimize redness and dullness, and for lighter skin tones to create warmth and even out skintone. This versatile, cream-to-powder formula can be worn alone, under or over foundation, and it pairs perfectly with The One Perfecting Brush to create a subtle, radiant glow.
Prep lips for perfect, lasting color. Formulated with Hyaluronic Filling Spheres to minimize the appearance of fine lines and Lipocire A to smooth and hydrate the lips, this silky crème creates an invisible canvas for long-wearing lip color that won’t fade, stray, or feather. 
Give skin a hint of shimmer for boosted radiance while covering imperfections with this Luminous Body Perfecting Mousse. Always bronze and never orange, this liquid mousse formula blends in effortlessly, providing water- and transfer-resistant wear that lasts all day and night yet washes off easily. Its true bronze color has a perfecting effect that showcases the lowlights and highlights of your skin. 
Complement your eyes with a bold line or smoky smudge with this eyeliner that stays put all day. The creamy texture goes on smooth and the water-resistant formula holds your look regardless of the day’s activities. This liner features a built-in sharpener for precise application and a smudger to create soft definition. 
Intense, long-wearing color in a weightless, ultrasmooth crème that glides on easily for precise and even application. More versatile than a liquid liner, it can be brushed on for smooth, dramatic strokes, smudged for a smoky effect, blended over lids as an intense shadow, or traced over the waterline. Formulated to provide 30 seconds to one minute of playtime, you can blend, adjust, and build color before it dries to a fade-resistant, crease-proof finish. Romanesque and Renaissance can be used in the waterline. 
Perfect and extend eye shadow wear. Formulated with Risesilk®, this creamy eye primer absorbs oil and evens lid tone, extending eye shadow wear and enhancing color. Microfine powders create a thin, flexible film over the lids, allowing for seamless eye shadow application. Cream and powder shadows glide on smooth and wear for hours without creasing or fading. Translucent Perfector works well with light to medium skintones, while Tinted pairs with medium to dark. Both Perfectors can be worn alone for smooth, even lids, or under an eye shadow for extended wear. 
This long-wearing, crease-resistant eye tint beautifully complements your look, building a streak-free finish from semi-sheer to deep and dramatic. Easily apply the smooth formula with fingertips or a brush, either alone or layered with complementary shadows for added intensity. 
This brush, crafted with extra-soft synthetic hair, offers complete control and precision when applying liquid, cream, or powder eyeliners. With this brush, a variety of natural to dramatic looks can be achieved. The tapered point fits perfectly along the lash line and also works well for brow powder and gel application. 
Water, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Homosalate, Glyceryl Stearate, Octyldodecanol, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane (Avobenzone), Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Trilaureth-4 Phosphate, Propylene Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Hamamelis Virginiana Witch (Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Water), Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Ceteareth-12, Ceteareth-20, Phenoxyethanol, Triethanolamine, Carbomer, Paraffinum Liquidum/Mineral Oil/Huile minerale, Glucose, Fructose, Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Alcohol Denat, Dextrin, Sucrose, Urea, Propylparaben, BHT, Hexyl Nicotinate, Glutamic Acide, Aspartic Acid, Alanine, Aloe Barbadensis Extract (Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract), Butylparaben, Fragrance. May contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Tin Oxide, Mica.
Water, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Homosalate, Glyceryl Stearate, Octyldodecanol, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane (Avobenzone), Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Trilaureth-4 Phosphate, Propylene Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Hamamelis Virginiana Witch (Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Water), Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Ceteareth-12, Ceteareth-20, Phenoxyethanol, Triethanolamine, Carbomer, Paraffinum Liquidum/Mineral Oil/Huile minerale, Glucose, Fructose, Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Alcohol Denat, Dextrin, Sucrose, Urea, Propylparaben, BHT, Hexyl Nicotinate, Glutamic Acide, Aspartic Acid, Alanine, Aloe Barbadensis Extract (Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract), Butylparaben, Fragrance. May contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Tin Oxide, Mica.
Water, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Homosalate, Glyceryl Stearate, Octyldodecanol, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane (Avobenzone), Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Trilaureth-4 Phosphate, Propylene Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Hamamelis Virginiana Witch (Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Water), Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Ceteareth-12, Ceteareth-20, Phenoxyethanol, Triethanolamine, Carbomer, Paraffinum Liquidum/Mineral Oil/Huile minerale, Glucose, Fructose, Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Alcohol Denat, Dextrin, Sucrose, Urea, Propylparaben, BHT, Hexyl Nicotinate, Glutamic Acide, Aspartic Acid, Alanine, Aloe Barbadensis Extract (Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract), Butylparaben, Fragrance. May contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Tin Oxide, Mica.
A luminous lip moisturizing glaze with a hint of color that gives an elegant, long lasting finish. Thick and rich, Sweetheart Glaze stays where you put it and is not sticky or runny. A formula that deeply moisturizes and conditions, our glazes form a barrier on your lips to slow the loss of water and moisture. They reduce flakiness and restore suppleness while fortifying with antioxidant Vitamin E. Sweetheart Glazes are highly emollient, protective as they drench your lips with exceptional comfort and hydration in sheer, shiny pops of color. Wear alone or over lipstick. 
Besame Travel Lip Brush is a Brush that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.12 oz.
Besame brushes are designed to bring back glamour and luxury to the process of creating your look - they make expert application effortless. Designed to buff powder or cream with faux hair, it blends color with ease and glides effortlessly onto the skin. The handle is designed to resemble brushes available to Hollywood makeup artist during the 1930s. It is easy to grasp, comfortable and well balanced in your hand. Wash hair only warm, soapy water as needed. Softest finest man made hair Luxurious boudoir brush for face and body and cruelty free.
Besame brushes are designed to bring back glamour and luxury to the process of creating your look - they make expert application effortless. Designed to buff powder or cream with faux hair, it blends color with ease and glides effortlessly onto the skin. The handle is designed to resemble brushes available to Hollywood makeup artist during the 1930s. It is easy to grasp, comfortable and well balanced in your hand. Wash hair only warm, soapy water as needed. Softest finest man made hair Luxurious boudoir brush for face and body and cruelty free.
If you'd like glamorous lashes just like Marilyn, it may be time to try cake mascara. Besame Cake mascara beautifies lashes and brows by making them appear longer, darker, more luxuriant. Can be used as eyeliner for cat eye effect. We've all experienced the dreaded clumps and smudges while painting our lashes with wand mascara. Unlike ordinary wand mascara, cake mascara can be reapplied and layered upon without clumping; this means controlled depth and definition. Cake mascaras lasts until consumed and offer increased sanitary protection. The mascara brushes are rinsed with water after use; leaving no bacteria behind. Cake mascaras were the first type of mascara available for women to beautify the lashes; and they are still a must have staple for your beauty bag!
Our 1930s Mascara is a rich black cream mascara that works to set and moisturize the lashes. The formula is water resistant and can be layered without clumping. The 1930s mascara is a wonderful way to achieve the classic, elegant eye. Our formula contains natural conditioning oils and food grade colorants. This oxygenated hand mixed cream protects every single eyelash with a breathable coating.
Our 1940s tube packaging, the squeeze tube design is truly versatile and uniquely hygienic. For the individual or the professional working on multiple actors, one tube prevents waste and contamination, as the applicator never enters the container. You control how much product is on the applicator by squeezing the desired amount onto the brush. Use the included applicator brush or any you have on hand for different effects. Whether used for a natural look or a more glamorous makeup style, this mascara will leave lashes with a beautiful glossy finish. Use a small amount for subtle definition or use more to build up lashes for a deeper effect. The prolonged drying time allows ample time to work with the formula and build volume without clumping. And since every Bésame product is tested with our founder’s sensitivity in mind, this mascara delivers great performance and washes off with mild soap and water. Bésame products are always Paraben-free, cruelty-free, gluten-free and made in the U.S.A.
The perfect companions to our Cake Mascara, this 2 brush set includes a mascara and a liner brush. Used for a natural look or a more glamorous makeup style the 5 inch handle makes them easy to hold, and synthetic, cruelty-free hair makes them easy to clean.
This non-drying microfine powder controls shine without adding noticeable color or texture for sheer coverage in a matte finish. Imperfections are softened while the appearance of pores are minimized for a velvet-smooth finish. 
A translucent violet powder that color corrects yellow and red tones and brightens any skin tone. The finely milled formula sets makeup beautifully, leaving a soft, matte finish and a subtle violet fragrance. Wear it alone, over foundation, or around eyes to instantly lighten dark circles.
A translucent violet powder that brightens any skintone. The finely milled formula sets makeup beautifully, leaving a soft, matte finish and a subtle violet fragrance. Wear it alone, over foundation, or around eyes to instantly lighten dark circles.
Our elegant gold metal compact houses a silky soft powder foundation that offers smooth, flawless coverage. The custom designed casing features an interchangeable magnetic base that can be refilled with your choice of shades. Can be applied wet or dry. It comes in an attractive red velvet pouch decorated with our gold Bésame emblem and puff applicator. A translucent violet powder that brightens any skintone. The finely milled formula sets makeup beautifully, leaving a soft, matte finish and a subtle violet fragrance. Wear it alone, over foundation, or around eyes to instantly lighten dark circles.
Backlight Targeted Colour Correctors feature a highly pigmented formula that neutralizes discoloration. This creamy formula is infused with subtle luminosity to blur the look of imperfections, leaving your skin looking corrected and luminous. 
This innovative Under Eye Brightening Corrector completely eradicates undereye darkness by brightening and blurring imperfections. Infused with ultrafine light-reflecting illuminators, this rich, luminescent cream won’t settle into fine lines or wrinkles as it preps skin for smooth, even concealer coverage. It pairs perfectly with the Ultimate Coverage Concealing Crème to conceal, color correct, and brighten the undereye area. 
Our liquid lipstick goes on opaque, dries completely matte and stays on for hours! This product is 100% vegan & cruelty-free! (tips before use: exfoliate with lip scrub then apply to bare lips! Avoid food with oil… and no making out, kisses are ok!)
Our highlighting powder is extremely pigmented, so get ready to glow like a lighthouse! (Beauty tip: This product can be used on the face, eyes & body! Apply with a brush of your choice, and let yourself shine. A little goes a long way. This product can be used wet or dry, depending on your desired intensity.)
Use our delicious sugar based lip scrub to prep your lips before applying any liquid lipstick. Take a scoop out and rub your mouth in circular motions. Lick away excess (yes, it's edible!) or wipe off with a tissue.
PTFE, Silica, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Isopropyl Isostearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Potassium Sorbate, Tetrasodium EDTA, Chlorphenesin. May Contain/ Peut Contenir [+/-]: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288),Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Carmine (CI 75470), Aluminum Powder (CI 77000), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090). 
Show off natural-looking depth and dimension by accentuating the low points of the face. Use this blendable cream with Shimmering Skin Perfector™ or your highlighter of choice to create a perfectly-contoured look. The unique cream texture allows for easy application and customization for all skin types. 
Mica, Zinc Stearate, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Ethylhexyl Hydroxystearate, Calcium Silicate, PTFE, Dimethicone, Silica, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Starch, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Trimyristin, Polysilicone-11, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Potassium Aluminum Silicate, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Magnesium Stearate, Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Silica. May Contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), CI 12085 (Red 36), CI 15850 (Red 6 - Red 7 - Red 7 Lake), CI 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), CI 17200 (Red 33 Lake), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 45380 (Red 21 - Red 22 Lake), CI 45410 (Red 28 Lake), CI 73360 (Red 30 - Red 30 Lake), CI 77163 (Bismuth Oxychloride), CI 77491 - CI 77492 - CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 16035 (Red 40 - Red 40 Lake), CI 75470 (Carmine).
Becca Contour Perfector Powder is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Capprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba)Wax), Octyldodecanol, Dimethylimidazolidinone Rice Starch, Cetyl Palmitate, C18-38 Alkyl Hydroxystearoyl Stearate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane (Avobenzone), Polybutene, Candelilla Cera (Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax), Polyethylene, C20-40 Alkyl Stearate, Trihydroxystearin, Persea Gratissima Oil Unsaponifiables (Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil Unsaponifiables), Petrolatum, Tocopherol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Bisabolol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, BHT, Fragrance, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007). 
Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Joboba Esters, Petrolatum, Talc, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Dimethiconol, Nylon 6, Mica, Phenoxythanol, Sodium Myristoyl Sarcosinate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Squalane, BHT, Methicone, Tocopheryl Acetate, Silica. May Contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). 
Becca Brow Enhancing Mousse is a Brow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Arch Defining Crème is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Hydrogenated Palm Kernel Glycerides, Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Microcrystalline Wax/Cera Microcristallina, Hydrogenated Palm Glycerides, Myristyl Myristate, Rhus Succedanea Fruit Wax, Behenyl Alcohol, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Cetyl Palmitate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Copernicia Cerifera Cera, Hydrogenated Caster Oil, Sorbitan Palmitate, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Tocopherol, Lecithin, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Glyceryl Stearate, Glyceryl Oleate, Citric Acid. May contain/peut contenir [+/-]: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI77492, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Blue 1 Lake (CI42090), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985).
Becca Nude Liner Plump Lip Pencil is a Lip Liner. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Becca Nude Liner Define Lip Pencil is a Lip Liner. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Caprylic Capric Tryglyceride, Trioctyldodecyl Citrate, Octyldodecanol, Ozokerite Wax, Kaolin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Cetyl Palmitate, Myrystyl Lactate, Beeswax, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Microcrystalline Wax, Trihydroxystearin, Squalene, Ethylhexyl Methocynnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethyl Vanillin. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77091, CI 77092 & CI 77099), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850:1), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850:1).
Besame Masterliner Lip Pencil is a Lip Liner. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The new secret weapon in flawless skin! Building on her heritage as the go-to expert in color correction, Laura Geller introduces Color Optics, a one-shade-fits-everyone powder that does it all. Whether you're searching for an easy-to-use finishing powder or a natural, no-makeup look, this confetti-patterned powder delivers undetectable neutralizing coverage for the skin-perfecting tool you never even knew you needed. Skin instantly appears more healthy and even thanks to the mint green pigments, flecks of lavender, and soft peach tones. The oil-absorbing formula helps to control shine. Whether you use it alone for a minimal makeup approach or sweep it on to finish off your look, Color Optics is a beauty item you'll never want to be without!
Radiate with a natural matte beachy glow, all year round. Whipped from hydrating extracts and anti-oxidants, our weightless, moisturizing bronzer gives you a golden just-stepped-off-the-beach glow, no matter the season, wherever you are.
Get a beautifully bronzed glow, all year long! Bronze-n-Brighten delivers sun-kissed color without any trace of orange. Swirls of liquid pigment are baked on terracotta tiles, then hand-finished in Italy into silky domes of powder that self-adjust to create an incredibly natural bronze radiance. Let your inner glow out!
Laura’s stay-put matte bronzer creates a natural-looking tan whatever the climate! Next-generation baked/pressed formula features a revolutionary 48-hour process, resulting in a supremely silky powder that can be used wet or dry for ultimate versatility. Paraben-free and water-resistant, with skin-loving antioxidants Centella Asiatica and White Tea Extracts. 
Mineral oil-free and paraben-free highlighters add a gentle glow to skin, creating youthful luminosity. Part of the Baked Collection, each silky dome starts as a cream baked for 24 hours on a terracotta tile, then hand-finished. Simply illuminating, my Baked Highlighters allows you to create dimension and brighten up your face with a lit-from-within glow!
Baked Body Frosting is for whenever you want to show a little skin, and your skin deserves to be polished to perfection. A moisturizing, silky smooth powder that adds the warmth of bronze, or pearly luminosity, to the body. Thanks to the buildable coverage, and wet-or-dry application, Baked Body Frosting can smooth on a subtle hint of luminosity, or build up in layers to a satin-sleek radiance. When applied wet, it will give your skin a diamond-like sheen.
Our latest innovation in Baked bronzer! Formulated with water from a 3,000 year old thermal spring in Calabria, Italy, this revolutionary bronzer delivers a luminous matte, buildable glow without any trace of orange. Enriched with powerful minerals and antioxidants from the thermal spring water, Baked Elements Bronzer nourishes and hydrates skin from the inside out while helping to protect and improve skin texture. Each application delivers flawless sun-kissed color and nourishing hydration, the elements of bronzed beauty.
Create a flawless canvas for extended makeup wear while color-correcting the appearance of skin discoloration, both instantly and over time. This universally flattering pinky peach hue adds a subtle soft-focus effect to minimize the look of imperfections while delivering a radiant, natural skin finish. Over time, the skincare-infused formula helps to even skin tone, enhance clarity and diminish the appearance of dark spots for a flawless complexion.
Prime, soothe and moisturize your sensitive skin. Natural botanical extracts and antioxidants help calm irritation, while green pigments diminish the appearance of redness. The ultra-hydrating formula glides on smooth to create the perfect canvas for flawless makeup.
Revive your skin with my best-selling Spackle® Under Make-Up Primer, which retexturizes the surface of your skin to achieve a flawlessly smooth finish. Spackle® is made with natural plant extracts and the powerful anti-oxidants, White Tea and Centella Asiatica Extracts. These ingredients protect the skin along with Aloe Vera Gel. Spackle® also helps the skin retain moisture, feel softer and look smoother. It is lush, incredibly lightweight and suitable for all skin types.
Introducing Spackle® Mattifying, a multi-tasking marvel that not only perfects, but also mattifies skin. This primer minimizes the look of pores, controls oil breakthrough and prepares skin for smooth, flawless make-up application and long lasting wear. Moisturizing Shea Butter keeps skin soft and smooth.
Introducing Spackle® Hydrating, a multi-tasking marvel that not only perfects, but also hydrates skin with moisturizing ingredients for normal to dry skin. This vitamin-rich formula moisturizes and soothes skin while priming it for make-up application. Formulated with natural, soothing and hydrating ingredients such as Aloe Vera Gel and Cupuaçu Seed Butter.
Revive and re-texturize your skin to achieve a flawlessly smooth finish with my Spackle® Tinted Under Make-up Primer in Bronze. This formula has the same features and benefits as the revolutionary best-selling Spackle®, but now shimmers with a sheer bronze tint! The bronze tint soothes redness, gives a soft glow, and evens out your skin tone. Spackle® also helps the skin retain moisture, feel softer and look smoother. It is lush, incredibly lightweight and suitable for all skin types. Spackle® is made with natural plant extracts and the powerful anti-oxidants, White Tea and Centella Asiatica. These ingredients protect the skin along with Aloe Vera Gel.
Award-winning primer creates a flawless canvas so make-up glides on and looks freshly-applied for hours—now SUPERCHARGED with soothing botanicals and age-fighting antioxidants that help promote skin elasticity and protect from free radicals: DC Detoxdefense™ (a powerful cocktail of vitamins, minerals, amino acids and phospholipids), polyphenol-rich Wine Extract and Resveratrol, plus Aloe, Beet Root, Centella Asiatica and White Tea Extracts.
Create a flawless canvas with Spackle® Neutralizer—Laura’s award-winning, revolutionary face primer, now with color-correcting benefits. Lightweight, silicone-based formula perfects skin’s texture so makeup glides on and looks freshly-applied for hours. Subtle peach undertones “neutralize” skin imperfections: uneven complexion, dullness, veins and freckles. Oil-free and paraben-free, with soothing botanicals Aloe Vera, Chamomile, Mallow Flower and Marigold Extracts, plus antioxidants Centella Asiatica and White Tea Extracts that help protect skin from environmental damage.
My award-winning primer creates a flawless canvas so make-up glides on and looks freshly-applied for hours, and is now SUPERCHARGED with soothing botanicals and age-fighting antioxidants. Polyphenol-rich Wine Extract and Resveratrol, plus Aloe, Beet Root, Centella Asiatica and White Tea Extracts, all help promote skin elasticity and protect from free radicals. Stainless steel roller applicator provides an instant cooling sensation.
A dual-ended brush for applying any of the beautiful Baked powders and highlighters from Laura Geller Beauty.
The ultimate in brush luxury! Our hand-made synthetic fiber brush contains over 50,000 whisper-soft bristles to evenly pick up liquid foundation and deposit it for streak-free medium to full coverage. With a special slant to hug the contours of the face and a shaped point to reach under the eyes and around the nose, seamless coverage is just a brushstroke away.
The perfect multi-tasking face brush. Designed specifically for Laura's baked complexion products, the Retractable Baked Powder Brush picks up just the right amount of powder with its synthetic fibers. Each bristle has a gentle wave that allows it to readily pick up powder and cleanly deposit it on the skin for a flawless finish. The perfect multi-tasking brush for all-over face powders and/or blush. The synthetic taklon hair helps keep your brush clean by not absorbing makeup or oils from your face.
The perfect complexion powder brush. Designed specifically for Laura's baked complexion products, the Retractable Kabuki Brush picks up just the right amount of powder with its synthetic fibers. Each bristle has a gentle wave that allows it to readily pick up powder and synthetic fibers cleanly deposit it on the skin for a flawless finish. Perfect for all over face powders and blush. The synthetic taklon hair helps keep your brush clean by not absorbing makeup or oils from your face.
Laura Geller Beauty's Foundation Brush is specifically designed to apply liquid foundation, this flat bristle brush distributes product evenly for a natural look.
Concealer Brush by Laura Geller Beauty conceals shadows, dark spots, scars and blemishes! This flat-bristled brush has a slightly pointed tip for targeted concealer coverage.
Blush Brush: The angle of this brush fits the contours of the face, making it perfect for blush application, contouring and highlighting.
Powder Brush: Buff and blend powder onto skin with this large, dome-shaped brush. Super soft bristles allow for even product distribution and flawless application.
This new Stippling Brush has plenty of control along with being super soft, works great with all powders. Synthetic fibers extend past the shorter hairs to pick up two layers of product, which translates into a satiny appearance. The compact bristle packing gives ultimate control, too.
Use this dual-ended brush with my Baked Highlighters. Perfect for face and eye application.
Suitable for use with all-over face powders and blush, this 2-in-1 brush gives you one side for all-over face work and the other side for blush application.
Custom Stippling Brush has plenty of control along with being super soft, works great with all powders. Synthetic fibers extend past the shorter hairs to pick up two layers of product, which translates into a satiny appearance. The compact bristle packing gives ultimate control, too. This is one brush that needs to be in your primary application kit, once you have tried it you will be hooked.
The perfect complexion powder brush. Designed specifically for our Baked complexion products, the Retractable Angled Kabuki Brush picks up just the right amount of powder with its synthetic fibers. Each bristle has a gentle wave that allows it to readily pick up powder and synthetic fibers cleanly deposit it on the skin for a flawless finish. Perfect for all over face powders and blush. The synthetic taklon hair helps keep your brush clean by not absorbing make-up or oils from your face.
Light and precise application for powders and blush. Laura's 3-in-1 Fan Brush picks up just the right amount of product for a soft, natural look. Use for powders, blushes and shadows.
Double-Ended Blush & Highlighter Applicator will make product application goof-proof. 
Foundation Brush is suitable for use with all-over face powders. Highlighter Applicator is perfect for face application.
Like all of my Baked items, this velvety-smooth powder is made in Italy with an amazing process that starts as a blended liquid pigment that is baked for 24 hours on a terracotta pan. Its sateen formula is paraben-free and contains the antioxidant protection of Centella Asiatica and White Tea Extracts.
Swirls of long-wearing Baked pigments blend together for a silky smooth blush that imparts an even, soft pearl finish. Skin glows with a healthy flush of color!
This smooth-wearing, hybrid baked-pressed blush contains Grapeseed Oil, a by-product of winemaking, known for its high levels of antioxidants and Vitamin E that helps fight environmental damage, in a mineral oil-free and paraben-free formula.
Get your fix of lush, happy color! This sophisticated cream blush creates a beautiful, natural flush. The rich hues glide over skin, leaving a healthy pop of color that dries to a lightweight, powdery finish. This emollient blush can be blended with fingertips to sculpt, highlight and color the cheeks. In shades to flatter all skin tones, these blush sticks capture that lit-from-within glow that reflects your happiest mood!
Get ready for the next generation in brow-perfecting makeup! I’ve managed to make my popular Brow Marker even better. My newest Brow Sculpting Marker features a revolutionary tri-tip applicator that provides polished, natural-looking results. Create tiny brow hairs where there are none, or accentuate and sculpt a full arch. Either way, the soft-tipped “marker” applies easily, dries quickly, lasts all day and is easily removed with soap and water. Use it as a base for your favorite brow powder for maximum staying power. You’ll love the formula that clings to both skin and hair. Brow Sculpting Marker is available in five super wearable shades: Taupe, Brown, Dark Brown, Auburn and Soft Charcoal. You’ll find your best match for sure. (Soft Charcoal is so universal and elegant; it works for those of you who have salt-and-pepper hair, as well as those who have black hair.)
The simplest brow solution ever! Define & Tame features a unique, 360° click-pen with a brush that delivers a water-based gel to tame, define and set brows beautifully without flaking or hardening—all with a single sweep. The result is fuller looking, gorgeously groomed brows that frame your face for a naturally polished look.
An innovative, soft-tipped brow marker that helps brows look lush and natural.This long-lasting formula goes on easily, and really clings. It dries quickly, lasts all day, and is easily removed with soap and water. Use it as a base to increase your current brow makeup's staying power, or to fill in sparse areas for a fuller look.
Playing upon the success of our beloved, editorial darling lip crayon, we’ve created Eye Dew, a sheer wash of creamy eyeshadow in the no-fuss crayon design you love! This fingertip-friendly formula sweeps on and blends effortlessly with a touch of the hand—perfect for those low-on-time moments when you want to look your best. The whisper-soft shadow, infused with Aloe Leaf Extract & Vitamin E, conditions the delicate eyelid skin. Perfect for beauty beginners and pros alike, the convenient crayon never needs sharpening. Say “I do!” to Eye Dew!
Say hello to my multitasking marvel! When my revolutionary Waterproof Eye Spackle first came out, it was an instant hit. Not only did it smooth and prime lids for long-lasting eyeshadow wear, it simplified your beauty routine by eliminating the need for eye makeup touch-ups during the day. Even more amazing, the formula was clinically proven to make your regular eye makeup completely waterproof! My double-duty Waterproof Eye Spackle Hues provides the same benefits as your favorite eye primer this time with a touch of color so it can also moonlight as your favorite fade-resistant waterproof eyeshadow. The lightweight, super-blendable formula goes on creamy, and then dries to a stay-put, matte finish. When worn under your favorite Baked or powder eyeshadow or eyeliner, this ingenious primer-and-eyeshadow-in-one improves wear and prevents creasing and fading. Dermatologist and ophthalmologist-tested to be safe for sensitive eyes and contact lens wearers, Waterproof Eye Spackle Hues wipes off easily with eye makeup remover. 
Capturing the alluring beauty of the sea, Laura Geller Beauty introduces Cool Lids Cream Eyeshadow, a lightweight cream formula that deposits water-rich color in neutral, ocean-inspired shades. These easy-to-use eyeshadows cool on contact and dry to a transfer-proof, shimmering wet-look finish.
Believe your eyes. This lush, blendable powder eyeshadow is a marbleized mix of various hues designed to flatter any eye color. Beautiful shades are swirled together and baked for 24 hours to create the colorful composition.
Eyeshadow with a silky, long-lasting formula. My Sugared Baked Pearl Eyeshadows come in solid, everyday shades that let your eyes radiate a lively, luscious glow. My shadows apply smoothly and stay put for hours.
Eyeshadow with a silky, long-lasting formula. My Sugared Baked Pearl Eyeshadows come in solid, everyday shades that let your eyes radiate a lively, luscious glow. My shadows apply smoothly and stay put for hours.
The marbleized handle and short-tipped bristles are specially designed to apply Eye Rimz. The mini handle allows for a precise application every time. Can be used wet or dry with Eye Rimz to achieve different looks.
Quick-dry liquid liners feature precision marker tips for total eye-lining control. This water resistant liner stays smooth for all day wear—no smudging, feathering, or running. Perfect for both the beauty beginner and the expert.
INKcredible Waterproof Gel Eyeliner Pencil is waterproof glide-on color stays put from day to night, delivering powerful, vibrant, multi-dimensional color.
Soft, smooth, and super long-wearing, this water-resistant formula virtually floats into place. Whether you opt for a fine line, or a lush, smoky eye look, you'll have expertly lined lids that last! This unique liner is called I-Care because its treatment-like formula contains beneficial and nourishing ingredients perfect for the delicate eye area. Mineral oil-and preservative-free, I-Care is ophthalmologist-tested and specifically formulated for use around the eyes, even for those who wear contact lenses and have sensitive eyes. The highly smudge-proof formula helps to perfectly line the inner eyelid. A soft, flexible smudger is attached to the opposite end. Pull the smudger off, and you'll find a handy little sharpener tucked inside. Unlike most eye pencils, I-Care Eyeliner has a retractable point.
Add a touch of sparkle to eyes and lashes! Water-based, ophthalmologist-tested formula stays in place and works as a shimmering liquid liner and top coat for liner and lashes! Quick-drying, transfer-proof and waterproof.
The Powder Pencil Collection features exceptionally long-wearing eyeliner pencils that glide on to line and define your eyes with precision. The creamy, highly pigmented formula provides buildable coverage that blends easily with the built-in smudge tip applicator. Ophthalmologist tested.
Inkwell Waterproof Gel liner is one of the best, the silkiest and the most long-wearing gel-based liner you'll ever get your hands on. A special gel silicon resin gives the no-budge, transfer-resistant formula its luxurious feel and crease-free finish. Unlike other gel liners that tend to dry out, Inkwell stays soft, moist and emollient, thanks to a well of skin-loving ingredients: VitaminE, Wheat Germ Oil and Jojoba Oil. You'll love how easy it is to apply. And, once it sets, you'll forget it's even there. (You'll simply be reminded of it when people compliment your gorgeous gaze!).
Capture all the glamour of Old Hollywood with this must-see-it-to-believe-it volumizing mascara! Starlet-worthy lashes are yours with one sweep of the full contact brush that separates, thickens and lengthens to create larger-than-life lashes. With a jet-black, long-wearing formula, your lashes are now ready for their close-up.
We’ve always believed in priming for perfection. Now, we’ve expanded our line of cult-favorite primers with Fortifying Lashes, an eyelash primer that creates dramatic lash length and definition. The black tinted formula primes and fortifies lashes and strengthens them against breakage, promoting thicker, stronger lashes. Follow with a coat of your favorite Laura Geller Beauty mascara for lashes that are stretched to their ultimate length for soft, flexible, clump-free definition—the ultimate in lash luxury. 
At last, there’s no need to go to great lengths for gorgeous lashes! With StyleLASH, flutter-worthy lashes are at your fingertips. This unique formula stretches lashes dramatically to their longest, leaving them flexible, soft and flake-free—ideal for applying multiple coats. The delicate application defines each lash individually. Jojoba Wax and Pro-Vitamin B5 keep lashes soft and protect against brittleness. Lengthen, defy and beautify—because stand-out lashes are always in style!
Our most extravagant mascara ever! Introducing DramaLASH Maximum Volumizing Mascara, an insanely lush, maximizing formula with a rich, luscious texture that plumps every lash. In a single stroke, this innovative gel-based formula expands and thickens each lash to its fullest—without the flaking and drying of traditional volumizing mascara. The specially designed, decadently soft, oversized XXL brush is designed to catch and coat each lash to completely transform your look. Infused with Spherical Powders to enhance the thickness of each lash and Vitamin B5 to help nourish, this creamy, buildable formula creates the false-lash look for seriously dramatic results!
I can never get enough of lush, long lashes: a pair of eye-popping fringes that instantly captivate and dazzle everyone. Just look at all the celebs on the red carpet—I’d say not a single eyelash out of place! The result of my fantastic-lash fascination is WOW Factor All In One Mascara. It’s everything I’d ever hoped for in a mascara: It lengthens, thickens and defines even the tiniest of lashes, and has the glossiest, deepest shade of black I’ve ever seen out there. Plus, its ingenious brush features intersecting bristles designed to grip lashes and deposit creamy, smudge-proof color from roots to tips. Imagine your own personal makeup artist adding mini-extensions to every lash. That’s what you get from this breakthrough formula—thanks to fine nylon fibers that sit between lashes, instantly building volume and length. Film-forming agents set the color, so you’ll never worry about clumping and flaking.
Regardless of how quick and easy your eye makeup is to apply, I know that you want the best looking, longest lasting results you can get. We all do. My Waterproof Eye Spackle, in its special click pen, goes on even easily, lasts long, and is clinically proven to make all of your baked eyeshadows – as well as several other leading brands of eyeshadows – completely waterproof! It even waterproofs your eyeliner! The lightweight, silky texture improves eyeshadow wear, prevents creasing and resists fading, so color stays put – and stays true. Subtle, light-reflecting pigments conceal imperfections and brighten the eye area, while the neutral skin tone helps hide any discoloration and chase away darkness. Your eyes will look fresher, brighter and wide awake. Ophthalmologist-tested. Clinically proven. I know you’re going to be amazed at the difference this two-second prep step will make. Enjoy!
Artisan-baked pigments and rich moisturizers saturate lips with creamy, vibrant color that feels weightless and lasts all day. A curved bullet shape allows for a single-swipe application providing long-lasting, high impact wear.
Formulated with Vitamin E and a special texturizing gel, our highly pigmented, full-coverage liquid lipstick glides on as a liquid and dries to a weightless, semi-matte finish—never dry or sticky—for long-wearing color you’ll love.
Fortified with Resveratrol and Hyaluronic Filling Spheres, this creamy, wine-scented lipstick helps smooth the appearance of fine lines, making lips appear more voluptuous and youthful-looking.
Go ahead and flash your flirtiest smile. This ultra-lightweight, slimline lipstick delivers rich, creamy color in a modern pearl finish. Infused with Coconut Oil and Vitamin E to soothe and condition lips for irresistibly kissable wear, Color Brilliance is one bright lipstick fix!
The Italian Marble Lipsticks were inspired by my luxurious, Italian-made Baked Collection. This swirl of light and dark pigments creates a vibrant depth of color on the lips, while its unique formulation provides deeply smoothing and softening benefits, thanks to moisturizing emollient oils.
Hydrate lips with a pop of sheer color that shines! Skin-loving lip balm in a convenient stick form is perfect for everyday beauty on-the-go. Vitamin E, Jojoba and Shea Butter moisturize lips for comfortable, all day wear. In juicy washes of color, this lip balm is sheer genius!
A truly luxurious, soft touch matte lipstick. My Creme Couture Lipstick has a light, airy, practically weightless feel on your lips, with a paradoxically moist, creamy comfort that lasts, all while providing total coverage with just one swipe. This revolutionary formula uses silicone, my go-to solution whenever I want something that feels like its gliding on air.
Polybutene, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Octyldodecanol, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2,Tridecyl Trimellitate, Olyethylene, Ricinus Communis Seed Oil (Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil), Cera Microcristallina (Microcrystalline W Ax), Mica, Lauryl Pca, Rosa Moschata Seed Oil, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica Silylate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethyl Vanillin, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Dicalcium Phosphate, Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) W Ax), Silica, Tin Oxide. May Contain: Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ci 15850 (Red 7 Lake), Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 42090 (Blue 1 Lake). Active Ingredients: Octisalate 5%; Avobenzone 2,5%; Octinoxate 2%; Octocrylene 1,5%.
A juicy way to love your lips! Infused with Vitamin E, Love Me Dew features an ultra-hydrating, healing formula with a luxurious balm-like texture. Shiny color wears comfortably—never dry or sticky! This convenient chubby stick never needs sharpening and is perfect for touch-ups on the go.
Velvet Matte Lip Pencil creates a plush, sophisticated pout in a single sweep. This ultra-rich formula is a cinch to apply and even easier to love! The chubby pencil glides on lips to deliver intense color in a velvety matte finish that won’t dry lips. Use it as a lip liner or as lip color — we love how defining our lips is easier than ever with this all-in-one product! Velvet Matte Lip Pencil creates even, vibrant color that melts onto lips without smudging or feathering. Even better, it’s formulated with Vitamin E to protect, with Shea Butter and Hyaluronic Spheres to hydrate lips and keep your pout looking sophisticated, soft, and smooth as velvet.
Laura's long-lasting lip liner provides exceptional coverage and wear. Feather-proof and transfer-resistant formula contains lip-loving Jojoba Oil and Vitamin E.
Give your lips something to smile about! This moisturizing, high-shine lip gloss leaves lips drenched in light-to-medium coverage with soft, yet brilliant, shine—ideal for everday wear! The lightweight formula is infused with antioxidant Italian Tomato Extract to protect lips and moisturizing Kendi Oil to condition, leaving lips soft and supple.
Bursting with luxurious pigments, Color Drenched Lip Glosses leave lips-literally-drenched in color. Full-coverage, non-sticky formula with emollient oils and Vitamin E helps protect lips from environmental damage. Each shade is infused with a subtle coffee aroma and can be layered for a customized look.
A high shine lip gloss infused with natural fruit and plant oils such as Cranberry, Pomegranate, Apricot and Grape Seed Oil to promote and deliver comfortable-feeling, healthy looking lips. Light Beams has ultra-smooth wear and is lightweight. This formula also contains moisturizing, nourishing and conditioning ingredients such as Jojoba Oil and Shea Butter to help keep lips in optimal condition.
What I love about these ingenious lip glosses is that they have everything you could ever want in a gloss: brilliant shine, gorgeous color and luxurious texture. Plus, you get the stay-put qualities of a lip stain, thanks to the no-budge waterproof formula!
The lip primer that inspired a cult following is back—in stick form! The silky smooth, easy-glide formula creates the perfect canvas for true, long-lasting lip color that doesn’t feather. Enriched with lip-softening Sunflower Seed Oil and antioxidant Vitamin E.
Gentle exfoliating sugar scrub cools on contact as it polishes lips to a petal-soft finish. Lips feel refreshed, smooth, and primed for your favorite lip product. 
Cold weather and dry indoor environments all contribute to making your lips parched and uncomfortable - and nothing makes lips look worse! Plus, dryness and flakiness keeps your lip color from looking smooth and even. The solution is to exfoliate at least once a week or more often as needed. That's why I created Lip Strip, the perfect prep for the prettiest pout. The delicious formula blends natural Brazilian sugar with cooling peppermint in a creamy base. Loaded with lubricating butters, this soothing and effective treatment will help to smooth away dry flaky skin on lips. Plus, it's so natural, you can actually lick it off!
A three-way skin perfector - in a gel stick! A convenient way to prep your skin for makeup so that it glides on effortlessly and stays put. Optical diffusers appear to reduce the look of pores and seem to smooth away the appearance of lines, even when worn alone. It can easily be used on top of makeup during the day, to help eliminate shine and refresh your makeup. Oil-free, fragrance-free and hypoallergenic, it contains Vitamins C and E to fight the damaging effects of environmental pollutants and stress.
This invisible Oil Blotting Powder helps to maintain a flawless matte look. Use alone or over foundation for weightless, clear oil control. Pores appear smaller and skin clarity is improved. Powder reduces shine, yielding a flawless matte finish. Suitable for all skin types.
Seal in and transform your favorite eyeshadows and eyeliners into richer, water-resistant colors!
Create the perfect canvas for eye shadow and liner to wear longer than ever! Spackle Eyelid primes eyelids to an impeccably smooth surface so eye make-up glides on and stays on without creasing or smudging. The clear gel formula helps colors wear vibrant and true. Tahitian gardenia flower and coconut oil moisturize and condition delicate eyelid skin, while red and brown algae extract nourish, firm and protect. Ideal for all skin types.
Prep your pout for prime time! Supreme Lip Spackle primer fills in lines and creates the perfect canvas for long-wearing lip color application. Created to be worn under your favorite lip product, the smooth, full-body texture prevents lipstick from fading or feathering, so lip color stays comfortable and wears longer. The specially designed, natural shade matches all skin tones and blends seamlessly on lips to work with any lip color. Antioxidant vitamin E and smoothing rose hip oil protect lips, leaving them soft, supple, and ready to steal the spotlight.
Laura Geller has taken Spackle to the next level! This hydrating primer is formulated specially for the under-eyes to act as an instant pick me up. Infused with antioxidants to fight against aging, with hyaluronic acid and oat kernel extract for long lasting hydration, Spackle Undereye goes on like a cream to smooth and firm skin and help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. The soft pearl finish helps brighten the look of tired eyes. Make-up glides on and stays in place without settling into fine lines and wrinkles. With a cool tip applicator that refreshes on contact, Spackle Undereye leaves eyes looking younger, brighter, and primed for perfection.
The perfect final step for flawless, long-lasting makeup!
Aqua Elements De-Stress Face Cream
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Nylon-12, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Lauroyl Lysine, Tin Oxide, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Centella Asiatica Extract, Sorbitan Oleate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides). 
Baked Body Frosting is for whenever you want to show a little skin, and your skin deserves to be polished to perfection. A moisturizing, silky smooth powder that adds the warmth of bronze, or pearly luminosity, to the body. Thanks to the buildable coverage, and wet-or-dry application, Baked Body Frosting can smooth on a subtle hint of luminosity, or build up in layers to a satin-sleek radiance. When applied wet, it will give your skin a diamond-like sheen.
Mica, Talc, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Dimethicone, Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491), Polysorbate 20, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Isopropyl Palmitate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Phenoxyethanol, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Silica, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Polyacrylamide, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, BHT, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Isopropyl Myristate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Retinyl Palmitate, Sorbitan Stearate, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Nylon-12, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Centella Asiatica Extract, Tin Oxide, Laureth-7, Lauroyl Lysine, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate
Laura Geller Baked Sculpting Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77491, CI 77499), Mineral Oil, Dimethicone, Polysorbate 20, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Polyacrylamide, Iron Oxide (CI 77492), Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Isopropyl Myristate, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Silica, Sorbitan Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Methylparaben, Ultramarines (CI 77007), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylparaben, Laureth-7, Nylon-12, Tin Oxide, Propylparaben, Carmine (CI 75770), Imidazolidinyl Urea, Butylparaben, BHT, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Lauroyl Lysine Contains Carmine as a Color Additive
Laura Geller Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 51 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Simmondsia Chinensis Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Nylon-12, Centella Asiatica Extract, Camelia Sinensis Extract (Camelia Sinensis Leaf Extract), Tin Oxide, Sorbitan Oleate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Silica, Lauroyl Lysine, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides).
Laura Geller Baked Blush is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Baked Cheek Dreams Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Nylon-12, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Lauroyl Lysine, Tin Oxide, Sorbitan Oleate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 7), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides)
Laura Geller Baked Heart Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mineral oil-free and paraben-free highlighters add a gentle glow to skin, creating youthful luminosity. Part of the Baked Collection, each silky dome starts as a cream baked for 24 hours on a terracotta tile, then hand-finished. Simply illuminating, my Baked Highlighters allows you to create dimension and brighten up your face with a lit-from-within glow!
Talc, Nylon-12, Dimethicone, Polysorbate 20, Silica, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Lauroyl Lysine, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tin Oxide, BHT, Isopropyl Myristate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Retinyl Palmitate, Sorbitan Stearate, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Polyacrylamide, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Centella Asiatica Extract, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Laureth-7, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Ultramarines, Red 7
Laura Geller Pink Blossom #1 that is permanent.
Talc, Mica, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Silica, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Tocopheryl Acetate, Lauroyl Lysine, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Centella Asiatica Extract, Tin Oxide, Sorbitan Oleate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxide), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 75470 (Carmine). May Contain Carmine as a Color Additive
TALC, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, MICA, HYDROGEN DIMETHICONE, MAGNESIUM STEARATE, POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE, DIMETHICONE, POLYETHYLENE, DIMETHICONOL, PTFE, ZINC STEARATE, ETHYLENE/ACRYLIC ACID COPOLYMER, CENTELLA ASIATICA EXTRACT, ZEA MAYS GERM OIL, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, SORBIC ACID, DEHYDROACETIC ACID. MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891 (TITANIUM DIOXIDE), CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (IRON OXIDES). 
Brow Tones features two shades of high performing Baked powder so you can define, fill in or accentuate your brows to natural looking, face-framing perfection! 
Laura Geller Brow Wax is a Brow.
Talc, Cyclopentasiloxane, Mica, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Magnesium Stearate, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Dimethicone, Polyethylene, Dimethiconol, Ptfe, Zinc Stearate, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Centella Asiatica Extract, Zea Mays Germ Oil, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Sorbic Acid, Dehydroacetic Acid. May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides).
TALC, MICA, ALUMINUM STARCH OCTENYLSUCCINATE, OCTYLDODECANOL, ORYZA SATIVA (RICE) STARCH, DIMETHICONE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE, TRIISOSTEARIN, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, PHENOXYETHANOL, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, OLUS OIL [OLUS], SILICA, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, PROPYLENE GLYCOL, SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS (JOJOBA) SEED OIL, CAMELINA SATIVA SEED OIL, LAUROYL LYSINE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, POLYSORBATE 20, MAGNESIUM ALUMINUM SILICATE, POLYSORBATE 80, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, POLYACRYLAMIDE, LECITHIN, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, C13-14 ISOPARAFFIN, CENTELLA ASIATICA EXTRACT, LAURETH-7, TIN OXIDETOCOPHEROL, ASCORBYL PALMITATE, CITRIC ACID, SORBIC ACID. MAY CONTAIN +/-: CI 77891 [TITANIUM DIOXIDE], CI 77491 [IRON OXIDES], CI 77499 [IRON OXIDES], CI 77742 [MANGANESE VIOLET], CI 77492 [IRON OXIDES], CI 77266, CI 77007 [ULTRAMARINES], CI 15850 [RED 6], CI 75470 [CARMINE], CI 16035 [RED 40], CI 77510 [FERRIC FERROCYANIDE], CI 42090 [BLUE 1]
Laura Geller Baked Brûlée Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get a beautifully bronzed glow, all year long! Bronze-n-Brighten delivers sun-kissed color without any trace of orange. Swirls of liquid pigment are baked on terracotta tiles, then hand-finished in Italy into silky domes of powder that self-adjust to create an incredibly natural bronze radiance. Let your inner glow out!
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Simmondsia Chinensis Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Nylon-12, Centella Asiatica Extract, Camelia Sinensis Extract (Camelia Sinensis Leaf Extract), Tin Oxide, Sorbitan Oleate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Silica, Lauroyl Lysine, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides).
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Simmondsia Chinensis Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Nylon-12, Centella Asiatica Extract, Camelia Sinensis Extract (Camelia Sinensis Leaf Extract), Tin Oxide, Sorbitan Oleate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Silica, Lauroyl Lysine, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides).
Water, Glyceryl Polymethacrylate, Dimethicone, Propylene Glycol, Cyclomethicone, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dimethiconol, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ginkgo Biloba Extract, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract, Malva Sylvestris (Mallow) Extract, Centaurea Cyanus Flower Extract, Lecithin, Bisabolol, Triethanolamine, Carbomer, Disodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Titanium Dioxide, Mica
Revive your skin with my best-selling Spackle® Under Make-Up Primer, which retexturizes the surface of your skin to achieve a flawlessly smooth finish. Spackle® is made with natural plant extracts and the powerful anti-oxidants, White Tea and Centella Asiatica Extracts. These ingredients protect the skin along with Aloe Vera Gel. Spackle® also helps the skin retain moisture, feel softer and look smoother. It is lush, incredibly lightweight and suitable for all skin types.
Laura Geller Lip Spackle is a Primer.
Laura Geller Eye Spackle is a Primer.
Talc, Mica, Dimethicone, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isopropyl Mirystate, Octyldodecyl Stearyl Stearate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retynyl Palmitate, BHT, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Polyacrylamide, Lauroyl Lysine, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Laureth-7, Sorbitan Stearate, Polysorbate 20, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Centella Asiatica Leaf Extract, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Carmine (CI 75470), Red 7 (CI 15850) Contains Carmine as a Color Additive
MICA, ALUMINUM STARCH OCTENYLSUCCINATE HDI/TRIMETHYLOL HEXYLLACTONE CROSSPOLYMER, DIMETHICONE, ISONONYL ISONONANOATE, VP/HEXADECENE COPOLYMER, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, OCTYLDODECANOL, MAGNESIUM ALUMINUM SILICATE, NYLON-12, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, AMMONIUM ACRYLOYLDIMETHYLTAURATE/ BEHENETH-25 METHACRYLATE CROSSPOLYMER, POLYSORBATE 20, TIN OXIDE, POLYISOPRENE, SILICA,TALC, BHT, PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI+BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE, TITANIUM DIOXIDE (C177891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491), IRON OXIDES (CI 77492), IRON OXIDES (CI 77499).
Talc, Mica, Mineral Oil, Dimethicone, Polysorbate 20, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Polyacrylamide, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Laureth 7, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Isopropyl Myristate, Sorbitan Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Methylparaben, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Imidazolidinyl Urea, Butylparaben, BHT, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510)
Believe your eyes. This lush, blendable powder eyeshadow is a marbleized mix of various hues designed to flatter any eye color. Beautiful shades are swirled together and baked for 24 hours to create the colorful composition.
Laura Geller Baked Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Silica, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Isopropyl Isostearate, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Zinc Stearate, Magnesium Myristate, Diisostearyl Malate, Talc, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbic Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Zea Mays Germ Oil, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Centella Asiatica Extract, Phenoxyethanol MAY CONTAIN: CI 77492 (Iron Oxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxide), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77289 (Chromium Oxide Green), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide) May Contain Carmine as a Color Additive
Talc, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearte/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Isopropyl Isostearate, Sorbitan Stearate, Nylon-12, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Polyacrylamide, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Water, Xanthan Gum, Laureth-7, Sorbic Acid, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. May Contain: Mica, Iron Oxides, Titanium Dioxide, Carmine 
Laura Geller Baked Eye Dreams Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dimethicone, Talc, Mica, Zinc Stearate, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Hexylene Glycol, Lauroyl Lysine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Lauryl Peg-8 Dimethicone, Maltodextrin, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Silica, Tin Oxide, Aluminum Hydroxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 7749), Iron Oxides (CI77492), Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Aluminum Powder (CI 77000), Bronze Powder (CI 77400), Carmine (CI 75470)
Laura Geller Crème Glaze Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MICA, TALC, OCTYLDODECANOL, ALUMINUM STARCH OCTENYLSUCCINATE, DIMETHICONE, ORYZA SATIVA (RICE) STARCH, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE, TRIISOSTEARIN, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, PHENOXYETHANOL, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, OLUS OIL [OLUS], CAMELINA SATIVA SEED OIL, SILICA, PROPYLENE GLYCOL, SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS (JOJOBA) SEED OIL, LAUROYL LYSINE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, POLYSORBATE 20, MAGNESIUM ALUMINUM SILICATE, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, LECITHIN, POLYSORBATE 80, TIN OXIDE, POLYACRYLAMIDE, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, C13-14 ISOPARAFFIN, CENTELLA ASIATICA EXTRACT, LAURETH-7, TOCOPHEROL, ASCORBYL PALMITATE, CITRIC ACID, SORBIC ACID. MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891 [TITANIUM DIOXIDE], CI 77491 [IRON OXIDES], CI 77742 [MANGANESE VIOLET], CI 77007 [ULTRAMARINES], CI 77499 [IRON OXIDES], CI 77510 [FERRIC FERROCYANIDE], CI 16035 [RED 40], CI 75470 [CARMINE].
Laura Geller Baked Color Intense Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dimethicone, Talc, Mica, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Zinc Stearate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Hexylene Glycol, Lauroyl Lysine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Lauryl PEG-8 Dimethicone, Maltodextrin, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Silica, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Tin Oxide MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77000 (Aluminum Powder), CI 77007 (Ultramarine), CI 77510 (Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide), CI 77400 (Copper Powder), CI 77163 (Bismuth Oxychloride), CI 77400 (Bronze Powder)
Talc, Mica, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dimethicone, Magnesium Stearate, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Dehydroacetic Acid, Sorbic Acid, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Octyldodecanol, Octyldodecyl Xyloside, PEG-30 Dipolyhydroxystearate, Vitis Vinifera Seed Oil (Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil), CI 77492 Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide) 
Laura Geller Baked ImPRESSions Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Two super wearable shades highlight and contour to create eyes that stand out. These flattering hues can be swirled together or worn separately for a multitude of looks.
Mica, Talc, Nylon-12, Mineral Oil, Dimethicone, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Lauroyl Lysine, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Methylparaben, Tocopheryl Acetate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Butylparaben, BHT, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Carmine (CI 75470)
Laura Geller Sugar Free Marble Matte Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Sugar Free Matte Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Dimethicone, Ethylene/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Magnesium Stearate, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Caprylyl Glycol, Octyldodecanol, Octyldodecyl Xyloside, PEG-30 Dipolyhydroxystearate, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Caffeine, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Propylparaben May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
Talc, Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Nylon-12, Ultramarines (CI 77007), Iron Oxide (CI 77499), Mineral Oil, Iron Oxide (CI 77492), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Dimethicone, Iron Oxide (CI 77491), Polysorbate 20, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Polyacrylamide, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Isopropyl Myristate, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Sorbitan Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Methylparaben, Lauroyl Lysine, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylparaben, Laureth-7, Tin Oxide, Propylparaben, Imidazolidinyl Urea, Butylparaben, BHT, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Silica
Laura Geller Baked Eye Pie Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Baked Mono Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Mineral Oil, Silica, Dimethicone, Polysorbate 20, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isopropyl Myristate, Sorbitan Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Polyacrylamide, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Laureth-7, Methylparaben, Lauroyl Lysine, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Ethylparaben, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Propylparaben, Imidazolidinyl Urea, Butylparaben, BHT, Iron Oxide (CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77491), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Carmine (CI 75470), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288)/
Laura Geller Baked Sateen Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Laura Geller Baked Color Intense Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetyl Ricinoleate, Dipentaerythrityl Hexacaprylate/Hexacaprate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Tridecyl Stearate, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax (Candelilla Cera), Cetyl Lactate, Beeswax (Cera Alba), Oleic/Linoleic/Linolenic Polyglycerides, Triisostearyl Citrate, Caprylyl Glycol, Anthemis Nobilis (Chamomile) Flower Extract, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Bisabolol, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Microcrystalline Wax (Microcristallina Cera), Polyethylene, Isostearyl Palmitate, Brassica Campestris/Aleurites Fordi Oil Copolymer, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Polysilicone-11, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Orbignya Oleifera Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Illipe Butter (Bassia Latifolia), Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Folic Acid, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Fragrance (Parfum), Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77491), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985)
Laura Geller Double Dipped Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Polybutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Octyldodecanol, Mica, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polyethylene, Isocetyl Stearate, Microcrystalline Wax, Ceresine, Cocoglycerides, Sucrose Acetate Isobutyrate, Glyceryl Hydrogenated Rosinate, Hydrogenated Lanolin, Castor Isostearate Beeswax Succinate, PVP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Paraffin, Decyl Olive Esters, Squalene, Flavor, Ozokerite, Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Ethylcellulose, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, BHT, Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Butylparaben, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77491), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77499), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)
Laura Geller Dream Creams Lip Color is a Lipstick. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A makeup primer that perfects the appearance of skin and prolongs the wear of foundation. This primer softens the appearance of imperfections, prolongs the wear of your foundation, and keeps you looking flawless longer. Infused with hydrating ceramides, this formula moisturizes and smooths, while protecting with antioxidant-rich vitamins E and A. 
A must-have luminizer to add a youthful glow. Infused with radiance-boosting minerals, sea coral, and green tea extract, this baked pigment sweeps on weightless, natural-looking color—so you’ll be the picture of health. It adds a natural, seamless luminescence to cheeks, temples, and browbone for a healthy-looking, radiant, and gorgeous glow. The breathable baked formula applies smoothly while the unique, airy texture perfectly melts into skin for a natural finish. 
An illuminating, shine-reducing loose powder that can brighten and/or set makeup. Get the power to brighten and set makeup with one formula. This multipurpose powder can be used to set makeup or brighten targeted areas. The universally flattering shade works for most skintones. 
A multitasking spray that sets makeup and refreshes your look. Apply this spray after makeup application to set, and then spritz throughout the day to refresh your look. Long-lasting polymers help keep makeup in place all day, while lemon balm and peppermint extracts leave skin feeling rejuvenated.
A luminizing gel primer that can be used as a traditional primer, mixed with foundation, or used as a luminizer/strobing product on top of your foundation for certain areas of the face. This multipurpose luminizing formula is infused with light reflecting pearls. It creates a flawless canvas for makeup application and extends the wear of your look, but can also be mixed with foundations and moisturizers for an allover glow. It can also be worn over makeup as a luminizer/strobing product. 
A lightweight, liquid luminizer that can be worn alone or mixed with your favorite complexion products. The Radiant Luminizing Drops formula infuses complexion products with subtle brightness for a natural glow. The drops also add light and radiance to any complexion when applied to cheekbones, the bridge of the nose, and the browbone with the included unique dropper applicator. 
An elegant, wearable loose shimmer powder encased in a portable, giftable trampoline-style jar. This subtle reflecting powder can be used year-round. The refined shimmer adds multidimensional shade that enhances any skintone without looking too glittery. The jar’s unique trampoline component minimizes mess and product waste, allowing for touch ups anywhere for a festive, luminous glow. 
A pore primer in an aerosol spray that features a weightless, non-sticky, mattifying formula for up to eight hours of perfecting wear. SEPHORA COLLECTION’S first-ever aerosol pore primer allows for the most refined and even application for a finish that primes, sets, controls shine, and reduces the appearance of pores and fine lines for up to eight hours. The universal formula pairs well with Perfection Mist Foundation or any foundation formula. 
These exceptional bronzing powders feature an embossed sun pattern and a smooth, ultra-sheer texture to blend perfectly with skin for an ultra-natural, healthy glow that lasts. The matte or subtly shimmering shades create a natural, tanned effect that is extremely blendable and doesn’t streak. 
Neopentyl Glycol Diheptanoate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Polyethylene, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Nylon-12, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, CI 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), CI 45410 (Red 28 Lake), Parfum (Fragrance), Tocopheryl Acetate, Talc, Retinyl Palmitate, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil.
An instant airbrush bronzing spray for face and body. Get an immediate sunkissed glow for spring. This long-wearing water- and transfer-resistant spray creates an instant airbrushed tint. The microfine dispersal allows for even application and quick dry down so you can build color to your desired shade. It is safe for both face and body and is made with an oil-free formula. 
A buildable, waterproof airbrush blush mist in four universally flattering shades. This lightweight airbrush blush provides long-lasting, buildable color. The waterproof formula ensures that color will never smudge, run, or fade, while InstaBlend technology creates a fine, even mist for weightless color application. 
A first-to-market cushion compact bronzer that features an innovative delivery system for a sheer, bronzed look. Look like you just got back from vacation with this innovative, silky formula. It applies evenly to provide a natural-looking glow without appearing cakey. The included cushion-sponge applicator is the perfect tool to blend product into skin for a perfect, even glow. 
A cream-to-powder blush that sculpts the face for a youthful, defined look. This silky, contouring cream blush conditions and moisturizes the skin upon application while providing a flush of healthy color. The revolutionary blush sculpts in two ways: its Portulaca Complex smoothes, while the cream-to-powder finish contours cheekbones for a young, beautiful look. The weightless formula effortlessly blends into the skin and the micronized pigments provide eight hours of natural-looking, budge-proof color. 
A translucent, long-wearing, buildable gel stain that gives skin a natural flushed look. This non-sticky gel blush stain gives skin a pop of color that lasts. Infused with hibiscus extract, the formula leaves skin looking fresh for hours. Colors are sheer when first applied to skin, allowing you to build color for more intensity. A little goes a long way so you get maximum uses from a single tube. 
A long-lasting, waterproof eyeliner. Sephora Collection's Retractable Waterproof Eyeliner delivers a decadent dose of budge-resistant color, with an easy-glide, creamy texture. Featuring a built-in sharpener and smudge tip, this liner is your all-in-one must-have for an alluring, enduring eye. From classic black to bright turquoise to a glitter purple hue, you can create the perfect daytime or nighttime look. 
A collection of a long-wear brow pencils with a wingtip comb. These retractable pencils create fuller looking, perfectly-defined eyebrows. To dispense color, twist the pencil and the always-sharp tip comes up. Easy-to-hold, it gives you perfect control to create precise hair-like strokes. Use the comb tip to brush brows and blend. Available in six natural-looking colors, each long-wearing formula stays put without smudging. 
A velvety smooth powder that creates a flawless complexion on all skin types and skintones. Set and mattify your foundation with this translucent formula that glides on extra-smooth. The smart-dose compact delivers the perfect amount of powder for each application, ensuring a visibly even complexion. The non-drying, breathable formula leaves the skin soft, without being tight. 
An illuminating, shine-reducing pressed powder that can brighten and/or set makeup. Get the power to brighten and set makeup in one formula. This multipurpose powder can be used to set makeup or brighten targeted areas. The universally flattering shade works for most skint
A collection of jumbo eye pencils that can be used as eyeliners or blended out as eye shadows. These jumbo pencils create a range of effects, from bold lines and blended effects to thin, defined lines. Resistant to water, heat, and humidity, their creamy, high-pigment formulas apply smoothly. Featuring deep blacks and rich, shimmery shades, each is formulated with exclusive waxes and pigments to assure maximum color intensity that stays put for 12 hours.
Water, Glyceryl Stearate, Pentylene Glycol, Ricinus Communis Seed Oil [Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil], Cera Microcristallina (Microcrystalline Wax), Copernicia Cerifera Cera [Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax], Palmitic Acid, Acrylates Copolymer, Polyvinyl Alcohol, Butylene Glycol, C12-16 Alcohols, Stearic Acid, Triethanolamine, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Lecithin, Alcohol, Nylon-12, Ppg-2-Deceth-30, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Sodium Hyaluronate, Benzyl Alcohol, Tocopherol.May Contain [+/-] CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77499, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77007 (Ultramarines).
A creamy, gel eyeliner specifically formulated for the inner rim of the eye. This long-wearing, waterproof formula stays in place for hours. Unlike kohl liners or traditional eyeliner pencils, it is specifically formulated with the waterline in mind. The creamy, waterproof gel formulation glides on with ease and sets within seconds for a look that stays put—with no running, smudging, flaking, or fading. 
An innovative gel-mousse brow building formula with a unique, flocked, brush-like applicator for natural to bold brow looks. Specifically formulated to help build a full brow from scratch, this multitasking formula colors, shapes, and seals brows all at once. It is waterproof, stain-like, and adheres to both skin and hair so even the sparsest brows can be built up. No need for additional products. The first-to-market stiff, long-flocked applicator with a precise tip is the perfect tool for filling and combing in brow color with precision. 
An ultra long-lasting, waterproof eyeliner for intense color. This liquid eyeliner enables you to draw a single stroke of intense, even, waterproof color that lasts up to 24 hours. The formula dries quickly, remains smudge-proof all day long, and comes off swiftly and easily with eye makeup remover. The fine-tipped, flexible applicator enables you to draw a thin or thick line for a custom, precise, flawless look. With three irresistible finishes including matte, shimmer, or glimmer, you are certain to create a variety of chic daytime or glamorous nighttime looks. 
An ultra-precise liquid eyeliner with a super-fine-tipped applicator. This long-wearing, highly pigmented eyeliner comes with an ultra-fine bristle brush for professional application. The rich black formula is perfect for creating dramatic, attention-demanding eyes or for executing any look you desire.
An intensely pigmented, waterproof gel eyeliner formula that glides on and stays put. This gel eyeliner features a new formula for everyone who has struggled with dried out, flaky, or streaky traditional gel liners. The formula boasts a gel’s easy glide but then sets quickly for waterproof wear that lasts. With 25-percent pigmentation—among the highest on the beauty market—and a built-in primer for budge- and crease-proof wear, this liner makes a lasting impression without the mess. 
A mascara that creates beautiful, thick lashes in a single brush stroke. The first seven-in-one mascara, this product's multi-dimensional brush separates lashes as it coats them from root to tip
A set of false eyelashes made with natural hair for a softer, more natural look and feel. Add a glamorous touch to your look with this must-have accessory. From ultra thick to whimsical and fabulously feminine, these lashes add length, build volume, and make eyes pop. They are available in a variety of styles—both natural and dramatic—and use natural hair for a softer touch. 
An intensely pigmented, waterproof felt-tip liquid liner. These colorful liners can be applied like a traditional liner or used to create a dramatic look. From the blackest black to pastel perfection, each shade offers the highest concentration of pigment, leaving bold lines that never smudge or fade. The no-fray, felt tip applicator ensures extreme precision, so you can achieve your favorite liner looks—quick as a wink. 
A stainless steel tweezer in a vibrant shade. This stylish and brightly-colored tweezer for expert brow shaping picks up even the most stubborn hair. The stainless steel, slanted tip offers professional precision, grabbing every single hair every time, leaving you with defined brows shaped to perfection. 
A mascara that provides extreme volume and curl. This mascara achieves the ultimate in volume and curl, thanks to a round hairbrush-shaped mascara brush that curls as it applies. Seven reservoirs distributed around the brush allow for root-to-tip volume and make it possible to reach every eyelash, especially the shortest lashes at the inner corners of the eye. The bristles are implanted diagonally on the brush to spread out the eyelashes and maximize the curving effect. 
Water, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Synthetic Beeswax,Paraffin, Stearic Acid, Acacia Senegal Gum, Triethanolamine,Glyceryl Stearate, Vp/Eicosene Copolymer, Butylene Glycol, Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax), Polybutene, Phenoxyethanol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Potassium Sorbate, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate.
A set of high-quality false lashes made from incredibly soft natural hair fibers for a natural look, easy application, and comfortable wear. Enhance your eyes by adding fullness and length to your lashes. Each lash is handmade for lashes that are so soft and fluffy in texture, they look and feel real. 
A collection of ultra-pigmented eyeliners to create strong, beautiful lines. This bold range of extended wear eyeliners provides a blast of color that stays put for 12-hours. Create looks like those by professional makeup artists with formulations that are packed with highly concentrated of pigments. The brush's flocked tip is incredibly easy to use, allowing you to draw a line of color that's precise, consistent, and intense—all in a single step. 
An innovative, redesigned lash curler with the stunning ability to fit all eye shapes for outstanding and long-lasting eyelash curl. 
An eyelash curler that heats up with the power of 1 AAA battery (not included). This compact curler adds an instant, extreme curve to lashes. The safe, sleek, and modern design is easy to use and fits perfectly to the shape of the eye. Pop the cover back on and it’s ready to take anywhere. 
A compact travel eyelash curler in pink. This take-anywhere eyelash curler creates deep sweeping lashes and long-lasting curl without taking up too much space in your handbag or travel kit. The open cage design won’t pinch outer lashes. Simply flip down the back of the easel and press. A spare pad is tucked inside the base of the curler for convenience. 
A newly designed eyelash curler for round eyes that gives a dramatic curl even on the most difficult lashes. This wide curler provides amazing results without creasing, tugging, or pulling lashes. The revolutionary shape and extreme curved head (75 percent more curved than previous Sephora Collection curlers) provide dramatic curl that starts closer to the eye. Especially effective on rounder eye shapes, the curler features precision tension to give a fast, outstanding curl, and soft silicone grips to ensure safety and ease of use. 
A waterproof eye makeup remover suitable for contact lens wearers and those with sensitive eyes. This do-it-all formula removes waterproof makeup and contains a lash-strengthening complex that's rich in flavonoids and olive wood extracts.
A convenient and precise makeup remover for touching up eyes and lips. These smart cotton swabs contain a gentle makeup remover for quick and easy fixes. The scored tip releases just the right amount of remover to erase all products from mascara to lipstick—even waterproof formulas. Pack these travel-friendly swabs in your purse or gym bag for express touch-ups wherever makeup has strayed, erasing mishaps, or total cleansing. 
A no-rinse micellar cleansing water with a texture ideal for delicate skin.This product cleanses the face and eyes effectively in one simple step. Its soap-free formula features cleansing spheres that effectively capture and eliminate impurities and makeup. It also includes HydroSenn+, a natural ingredient proven to deliver immediate and long-lasting hydration more effectively than hyaluronic acid. The 13.5 oz bottle features a cleverly designed pump dispenser. 
A refreshing eye makeup remover gentle enough for contact wearers and those with sensitive eyes.
A collection of biodegradable, pre-moistened wipes for cleansing, exfoliating, and purifying the face, eyes, and lips. Perfect for travel, these handy wipes cleanse and tone the skin. They remove all types of makeup, even long-wearing formulas, without leaving behind an oily residue. This multitasking makeup remover erases all traces of makeup, refreshes the eye contour area, and strengthens lashes. Its formula includes HydroSenn+, a natural ingredient proven to deliver immediate and long-lasting hydration more effectively than hyaluronic acid. 
A collection of biodegradable, pre-moistened wipes for cleansing, exfoliating, and purifying the face, eyes, and lips. Perfect for travel, these handy wipes cleanse and tone the skin. They remove all types of makeup, even long-wearing formulas, without leaving behind an oily residue. This multitasking makeup remover erases all traces of makeup, refreshes the eye contour area, and strengthens lashes. Its formula includes HydroSenn+, a natural ingredient proven to deliver immediate and long-lasting hydration more effectively than hyaluronic acid. 
A set of wipes that leave your eyes thoroughly cleansed. These wipes feature an exclusive texture and an ultra-effective formula for a thorough cleansing and effective removal of even the toughest eye makeup. Cornflower extract provides a soothing, congestion-relieving effect, and the practical double format sachets slip into your purse to take anywhere. 
A set of 30 charcoal swabs for a variety of cosmetic uses, including make-up fixes, removal, and application. These charcoal swabs are an essential addition to any makeup tool kit. They can be used for a multitude of cosmetic tasks, including quick fixes to eyeliner, applying any dry or liquid product, and removing makeup from hard-to-reach places that cotton pads can't. The black color of the swabs shows light colors, highlighters, and luminizers better than traditional white swabs, and the dual-ended design makes them versatile. The rounded end can be used for precision and the thicker, ridged end to cover larger areas. These portable swabs also make the perfect addition to any travel kit for on-the-go fixes. 
A collection of biodegradable, pre-moistened wipes for cleansing, exfoliating, and purifying the face, eyes, and lips. Perfect for travel, these handy wipes cleanse and tone the skin. They remove all types of makeup, even long-wearing formulas, without leaving behind an oily residue. This multitasking makeup remover erases all traces of makeup, refreshes the eye contour area, and strengthens lashes. Its formula includes HydroSenn+, a natural ingredient proven to deliver immediate and long-lasting hydration more effectively than hyaluronic acid. 
A long-lasting, travel-size eye pencil in highly pigmented shades. The size of this pencil enables an ultra-precise application, while the formula's creamy texture allows it to glide on easily making it ideal for application on the inner eye contour. 
An intense, 24-hour felt eyeliner that enables you to draw a long-lasting line in a single stroke. The precise felt tip and molded non-slip case of this highly pigmented liquid liner allow for easy application in a single stroke. The intense, smooth-finish black formula dries quickly and is smudge proof for extremely long 24-hour wear, while remaining easy to remove. 
An ultra-pigmented, long-lasting kohl pencil for lining the eye contour and inner rims of the eyes. Intensify your eyes by enhancing the eye contour and inner rims with deep, lasting color. This kohl pencil provides a brightening effect by creating contrast, making the whites of the eyes appear brighter and the rest of the eye more dramatic. The creamy texture glides on, blends easily, and provides optimal comfort for all-day wear. 
A set of two machine-washable wash cloths that remove makeup, oils, and pollutants with just water—no cleanser necessary. Just add water to these towels to clean your face and remove all makeup. The cloths are gentle on the delicate skin around the eyes, remove make-up easily without cleanser, and may be washed and reused again and again. The included travel pouch makes it easy to take these essentials on the go.
A portable packet of 100 blotting papers made with charcoal bamboo. These thin, double-sided sheets banish shine without disturbing makeup. Charcoal is highly porous and excellent for moisture and oil absorption. Bamboo charcoal in particular is known for its antibacterial and antifungal properties. Simply blot the skin to leave it looking matte and feeling refreshed without leaving any residue. 
A set of innovative blotting sheets infused with targeted skin-soothing ingredients. Touch up anytime with these convenient blotting papers. Use these mattifying films to control oil. Simply pull out a sheet and gently blot it around the entire face. This set of 50 individual papers comes packaged in a slim case that easily slips into your purse or travel bag. 
A set of innovative blotting sheets infused with targeted skin-soothing ingredients. Touch up anytime with these convenient blotting papers. Use these cooling mint papers to refresh your skin. Simply pull out a sheet and gently blot it around the entire face. This set of 100 individual papers comes packaged in a slim case that easily slips into your purse or travel bag.
A set of blotting sheets to remove shine. Touch up anytime with these convenient blotting papers. They are designed to remove shine, dirt, oil, and perspiration from the skin while unclogging pores for a clearer, matte complexion. Each paper provides essential nutrients and a delicate scent. This set of individual papers comes packaged in a slim case that easily slips into your purse or travel bag. 
A compact case filled with blotting papers and a cosmetic puff applicator. Excellent for keeping pores clear and fingers clean, these highly porous charcoal blotting papers remove excess shine without disturbing your makeup. The compact keeps them clean and sanitary and the sticky puff grabs a single paper for each use so fingers and papers stay clean.
A long-wearing, smudge-proof gel eyeliner pencil in intensely pigmented matte shades. This luscious pencil features a creamy gel formula that glides on for a modern matte finish. The waterproof formula will never smudge or fade. 
An impeccable base for the eyelid and under eye area. This first step to smooth, lasting eye makeup works beneath shadow to make it more vibrant and crease-proof, and gives concealer extended, flawless wear. Formulated with a special blend of filling spheres that draw moisture to plump fine lines, it also contains anti-aging actives help to reduce fine lines with continued use. Meanwhile, light reflecting chromospheres minimize skin imperfections, brightening dark circles, de-puffing, and creating an overall soft-focus effect. 
A powder liner to structure, intensify, and thicken brows in a natural or more sophisticated way. The Brow Thickener fills out the thinnest, sparsest brows and instantly accentuates eyes thanks to its included foam applicator and its ultra-sheer powder formula that blends with your natural hair. The applicator can be used for a thin line to draw subtle brows or for a thicker line to fill out brows and provide volume. 
A perfect match for your eyelashes that provides intense volume, length, and definition. The Mascara is a must-have for seductive eyes and intense, long, and separated eyelashes. The striated-bristle brush grips the lashes so that you can easily intensify your look, building volume with each coat. The carnauba wax-enriched formula makes your lashes fuller with each coat. The formula is acacia gum-based to set mascara for longer wear. 
Water, Synthetic Beeswax, Glycerin, Acacia Senegal Gum, Stearic Acid, Carnauba Wax, Paraffin, CI 77266 (Black 2), Triethanolamine, Glyceryl Stearate, VP/Eicosene Copolymer, Polybutene, Butylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylene Brassylate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Cellulose, PVP, Potassium Sorbate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopherol.
A jumbo eyebrow pencil to shape and set eyebrows in one easy step. This easy-to-use pencil distributes brow wax evenly in one quick sweep, offering weightless results and long hold for natural-looking brows. The formula merges with your skin to offer eyebrows subtle, sculpted perfection, while the jumbo format allows for simple, one-step application. The color formulas are naturally tinted to blend evenly, and the transparent, universal color works with all eyebrow shades. 
A waterproof felt eyeliner with an extremely fine tip that is less than 1MM wide for subtle, precise lines. This fine felt liner represents a new generation of ultrafine tips allowing for incredibly precise application along the lashline. The intense black formula lasts up to 24 hours and is waterproof. 
A range of trendy eye shadow colors and finishes based on a gray theme. This chic collection features variations on the classic gray shadow. Seven shades and three finishes provide a huge range of looks. The subtly embossed patterns and lace motif add a touch of class, while the winning Sephora formula offers wear that lasts up to 10 hours. 
A range of trendy eye shadow colors and finishes based on a gray theme. This chic collection features variations on the classic gray shadow. Seven shades and three finishes provide a huge range of looks. The subtly embossed patterns and lace motif add a touch of class, while the winning Sephora formula offers wear that lasts up to 10 hours. 
A creamy, waterproof eye color. This velvety, long-wearing formula offers buildable intensity, ranging from a sheer wash to full coverage, and lasts for up to 16 hours. This lightweight formulation glides onto the eyelid comfortably, thanks to an exclusive blend of waxes, polymers, and pigments that keep the it from drying too fast. This creamy format makes it easy to blend, build, or add texture and dimension. 
A convenient tool that makes applying false lashes easy and precise. Apply your favorite false lashes in a snap with this innovative tool, perfect for both the novice lash wearer and the aficionado. The rubber-coated grips offer superior hold and control as you place the lash on your lid and the ergonomic design fits comfortably in your hand. 
A jumbo highlighter pencil for defining and enhancing the browbone. Inspired by the contouring trend, this Brow Enhancer was designed to make eyes look bigger and brighter. A creamy texture helps the formula glide on softly so it is easy to work with and provides natural results. The pencil’s jumbo size allows for quick and convenient application. A variety of tones in matte or shimmering finishes flatter all skintones for any occasion. 
A felt-tip eyeliner with a thick tip for a dramatic line in a single sweep. This liner features a bold “intense black” ink formula that lasts up to 24 hours for a rock star look all night long. The applicator’s angled tip was inspired by highlighter-type pens and allows for a super bold and thick application. 
A glossy, liquid eyeliner that is dispensed through an innovative cushion-like sponge paired with the must-have Angled Liner Brush #90. This unique cushion-like dispensing system allows the included brush to become fully saturated in rich, pigmented color for the smoothest, most even, and most precise application. 
The perfect slanted tweezer for the brow obsessed. These tweezers feature a new and improved design with a thinner, more precise edge to grab even the tiniest hairs. Perfectly calibrated tension gives you maximum grip with minimum force, making these the perfect tool for big and small jobs. 
A 24-hour wear eyeliner with innovative packaging that enables super-easy application and a mistake-proof, high-precision line. Right- or left-handed, beginner or expert, this eyeliner’s ergonomic and innovative design makes perfection effortless and flawless. Apply your desired look in one slick motion and flaunt a bold, intense look with up to 24 hours of silky, smudge-proof wear. 
Fabulous false eyelashes to transform the eyes. Add a glamorous touch to your look with this must-have accessory. From ultrathick to whimsy and whimsical to fabulously feminine, these lashes add length, build volume, and add make eyes pop. 
A set of miniature, stainless steel tweezers for unrivaled, precise grooming. Remove even the most stubborn hairs with this pair of hand-ground, titanium-plated tweezers. The slanted tips are wide and tapered for more surface-area coverage and the pointed tip will grab the exact hair you wish to remove, while avoiding those you want to keep. 
A pair of angled scissors with a detachable and reversible dual-ended comb for effortless eyebrow trimming. This clever two-in-one tool combs through eyebrows and trims them to the perfect length every time. The angled design makes the scissors easy to handle, while the dual-ended metal comb detaches from the bottom blade and reverses, allowing you to cut in the direction of the hair growth on both eyebrows. The angled design makes the trimming scissors comfortable to use in either hand, and aligns perfectly to the natural shape of the brows. 
An amazing range of highly pigmented eye pencils formulated with shea butter for extreme glide and comfort. These liners glide on smooth and silky, creating a lovely line of color. The highly pigmented eye pencils contain shea butter and rosemary extracts for a soft, blendable formula that’s perfect for making an impact or a quick touch-up. 
A waterproof formula that offers the same luxe look as false lashes. This full-coverage mascara volumizes, lengthens, curves, separates, strengthens, protects, and nourishes. Above all, it resists fading and smudging, thanks to the waterproof formula. This durable mascara is ideal for anyone who wants the look of false lashes that that can withstand elements like water and sweat for 24 hours. 
A kissable, scented lip balm with subtle or no color, that provides up to four hours of hydration. Kiss Me Balm features a creamy, comfortable formula to provide lip care while adding subtle color or no color at all. Choose from luscious colors and one translucent shade, each with its own addictive matching fragrance. The dome-shaped applicator makes it easy to wear and reapply for moisturized lips all day long. 
A zero-texture lip stain that leaves the lips soft, bathing them in intense color. This must-have lip stain delivers intense color with no sticky residue. It provides buildable coverage for a natural, sophisticated, or glamorous look. The weightless formula leaves lips stained, soft, hydrated, and refreshed upon application. 
A radiant lipstick that lasts up to 10 hours with an incredibly comfortable feel. This lipstick features a two-in-one formula that combines intense pigments with water-resistant polymers to lock in color and provide comfortable wear for up to 10 hours. The high-coverage pigments distribute intense color, while conditioning agents like rose hip oil and vitamin B leave lips feeling conditioned and protected. 
A moisturizing lipstick with a rich, glossy shine. Show-off your gorgeous smile with this easy-to-wear formula that offers heightened transparency and shine. Lips will look brilliant while drenched in this collection of glossy, shimmering, and metallic hues. The Hydra-Comfort complex blend of moisturizing oils and antioxidiant vitamin E ensures optimal comfort, while nourishing and protecting your lips. The glossy shades include clear pigments and carnauba wax for a dazzling, wet-lip look. The shimmering and metallic formulas contain 3D shimmering particles and shea butter for extreme radiance. The precise product design enables a flawless lip definition and the vast array of shades will compliment your entire wardrobe. 
A mini lip liner available in shades to match SEPHORA COLLECTION's lipstick colors. These lip liners can be used for perfect lip contouring at any time. They can also be used over the entire lip for a trendy, semi-matte finish. Each is made with a highly pigmented formula and is designed to be matched with a SEPHORA COLLECTION lipstick. 
A balmy lipstick with a gel formula that protects lips while adding a dazzling pop of color. These balm lipsticks nurture and protect in eight different colors. See improvement day over day with an ultra-comfortable formula. Each hydrates as it protects lips with an SPF 20 wax concentrate, yuzu extract, and a vitamin E derivative. The creamy gel texture delivers fresh and vibrant color in one swipe with a dazzling, juicy shine from light-reflecting pigments. 
Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Paraffin, Polybutene, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Ozokerite, Ceresin, Microcrystalline Wax, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Beeswax, Hydrogenated Palm Acid, Stearyl Stearate, BHT. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 6 Lake/Red 7 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 45410 (Red 28 Lake), CI 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), CI 17200 (Red 33 Lake).
An ultralightweight, modern matte lip color with a subtle sheen. This innovative formula saturates lips with a hint of luster for full, matte coverage that won’t dry out or crack. Nourishing, feather-light rose hip seed oil hydrates lips to offer plush, pigmented color. The custom contoured applicator tip paints on with precision in one swipe, so you can wear modern color with confidence. 
A full-coverage lip stain that comes with a cushion-tip applicator to create bold, pigmented looks and is made with shea butter for ultimate comfort. This new shea butter-enriched formula comes with a flexible cushion applicator that enables you to create two ultra-trendy looks: a gradient effect gives lips a just-bitten look, and a high-coverage effect creates the look of fuller lips. The formula offers intense color and a powdery, matte finish. 
Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Triisodecyl Trimellitate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Cera Microcristallina (Microcrystalline Wax), Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Dextrin Palmitate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Parfum (Fragrance), Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Saccharin, Bht, Tin Oxide, Sucrose Cocoate, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Portulaca Pilosa Extract.
A lip hybrid that provides the shine of a gloss and nourishing texture of a balm with zero stickiness. This nourishing gloss-balm formula coats lips in beautiful, glossy color and nourishes lips with mango and grapeseed oils. 
A balm that moisturizes and nourishes lips. This hydrating balm keeps your lips soft, comfortable, and looking great. Rotate the stick container to slide product up and down like a lipstick. Contains shea butter, beeswax, grapeseed oil, vitamin E, and meadowfoam seed oil. 
A nourishing lip plumper that offers volume and hydration to lips. This ultra-plumping formula not only adds volume by filling in fine lines, but has good-for-you benefits and leaves a cooling sensation on lips. Wear alone as the ultimate lip plumping gloss or wear as a first step for fuller, smoothed lips prior to lip color application. 
A lip balm that adjusts to your unique pH to create a customized pink shade. Reveal the natural beauty of your lips with this enhancing, color-revealing balm. This unique formula combines a pH enhancer and a moisture booster to create a pretty hue that's all your own, while still maintaining absolute lip comfort. The balm adds volume to your kissable pout and the highly addictive honey flavor will keep your smile delicious.
A colorless, long-lasting waterproof lip liner that prevents lipstick from feathering. This clear lip liner secretly perfects your lip contour for several hours thanks to a long-lasting waterproof formula. Setting agents keep color where it belongs and prevents your favorite lipstick from feathering. Hyaluronic acid soothes skin and ensures an easy, smooth application. 
A complete age-defying eye and lip contour care cream for more beautiful skin, day after day. This gentle but effective cream acts on the most delicate areas of the face. It reduces the appearance of wrinkles, bags, and circles around the eye area and redefines the contour of lips. It also helps makeup last longer for a fabulous appearance day after day. 
A translucent balm-in-oil formula, enriched with kendi oil and shea butter, for a new sensorial experience. This hybrid formula nourishes and moisturizes the lips with a translucent color and a unique wet shine look. The new formula features fresh juicy colors and an addictively sensorial feel. 
A top-selling high-shine lip gloss offered in a mini travel size. Each of these mini glosses gives lips a slick and shiny wet-look effect. The clear gloss creates a glass-like finish while the pigmented glosses add a range of glistening color possibilities. All feature an ultrarich gel texture for a thick layer of very intense mirror-like shine. 
A universal pink lip gloss in the shape of a Christmas ball ornament. This universal pink gloss enhances lips, making them luscious and plump. It comes in a delightful Christmas ball ornament packaging that you can hang from your tree or give to a friend. 
A perfecting formula that protects and smooths lips. This healing and protecting butter instantly smooths, evens, and illuminates lips with a natural, non-sticky sheen. It fights dryness to even out fine lines and provides a natural shiny finish. 
A limited-edition shade, exclusive to VIB Rouge, that creates the ultimate matte lip with a hint of luster. Nourishing rose hip oil works to nourish lips in this feather light formula. The custom contoured applicator coats lips in a mouthwatering shade inspired by you. Saturate lips with a hint of luster for full, matte coverage that won’t dry or crack. 
A lip gloss that adapts to the pH of your lips to create a personalized pink. This innovative lip gloss reveals the natural beauty of your lips with a glossy, pink shade inspired by you. The flat applicator perfectly sculpts your pout for a smooth, plumped result and an ultra lacquered effect. This formula contains an exclusive complex to hydrate lips and an addictive fragrance you’ll love.
A lip gloss scoop and applicator that picks up every last drop of lip gloss from the tube. Exclusively designed to fit into lip gloss tubes and reach every last drop, this wand extends the life of lip glosses and gets the most out of discontinued colors. The wand is reusable, flexible, and works with any brand of gloss. The non-porous application head doesn't absorb product so it’s easy to clean and the applicator cover snaps shut for secure fit. A grooved handle enables application while the cover keeps the applicator clean in a makeup bag. 
A conditioning and protecting cleanser for removing dirt and excess makeup from cosmetic brushes. This cleanser works to remove dirt and makeup residue from both synthetic and natural brushes. As it cleans, it conditions and protects the fibers with a blend of sandalwood and amur cork tree bark extracts. PPG-2 myristyl ether propionate helps to cleanse and remove makeup easily. Isodecyl neopentanoate provides anti-tack properties to keep brushes soft and silky. 
A collection of durable, washable nail files in pretty hues. Sculpt your nails to perfection with these beautifully colored nail files. The long-lasting crystal file completes any manicure and then easily washes for years of possible use. Each file comes with a shade-coordinated case and easily fits into your purse or hand bag for on-the-go filing.
A nail polish remover that leaves no trace of past polishes.This nail polish remover effortlessly takes off lacquers and even the most hard-to-remove nail polishes. Inside the bottle, pre-moistened pleated foam eliminates the need for cotton balls. Its convenient size is perfect for travel. 
A professional-quality cuticle nipper. This precision cuticle nipper is crafted from salon-quality stainless steel for easy cleaning and sanitation. The handles feature fine-tuned tension to maximize grip for precise control, and the blade angle has been designed for precision cutting. 
A colorful tool for filing, buffing, polishing, and shining nails to perfection. Achieve beautifully shiny nails with this easy-to-use manicure must-have. This buffer comes with simple instructions to get great, salon-quality tips in four easy steps. 
A complete nail and cuticle care product that nourishes, strengthens, and repairs in one step. Just a quick one-minute dip into the foam and nails appear repaired, nourished, and strengthened. The secret ingredient is camelia oil, which also acts on cuticles to soothe and moisturize, providing all the benefits of a complete nail-care product in a snap. 
A set of feather-light, individually-wrapped wipes that remove nail polish instantly. These useful wipes easily remove all types of nail polish, even the darkest colors, and are small enough to be carried anywhere for a quick touch up or full repaint. 
A dry, makeup-removing sponge that allows you to switch colors without having to switch brushes. Inspired by a common makeup artist dilemma of how remove powder product from brushes without the drying time of a liquid brush cleaner, this sponge offers a dry alternative. The special material allows you to remove pigment from your brushes without brush cleaner formula. Simply swipe the brush over the sponge until pigment is removed and move on to the next color. The sponge is completely reusable and can be cleaned by washing it with warm water and soap or it can be sprayed with disinfecting brush cleaner for a quick cleanse.
A quick-drying, gentle spray that lifts impurities to refresh and condition brushes for immediate use. Like a dry shampoo for your brushes, this instant dry brush cleaner spray cleans quickly without rinsing and dries on the spot for immediate re-use of your brushes. 
A salon-quality stainless steel nail clipper for toes. This professional-quality toenail clipper features a construction of durable stainless steel for easy cleaning and sanitation. The straight blades were expertly designed to prevent nail breakage and ensure a precise cut. This tool has an A++ grade. 
A salon-quality stainless steel nail clipper. This professional-quality clipper features a construction of durable stainless steel for easy cleaning and sanitation. The straight blades were expertly designed to prevent nail breakage and ensure a precise cut. This tool has an A++ grade. 
A double-ended cuticle pusher. This durable, salon-quality cuticle pusher features a textured grip for precise control, a pusher on one end, and a nail cleaner on the other. It is made of high-quality stainless steel so it is easy to clean and sanitize. 
An ultra-fast and effective way to remove glitter polish, nail patches, nail tattoos, and pen marks. No more need for cotton pads. Just a quick dip into the foam and sparkles and nail polish instantly come off your fingertips. This remover is also effective on all types of nail art, including nail patches, nail tattoos, and pens, It comes with an exclusive scrubbing sponge to help remove the toughest products. 
A brush that delivers natural oils to soften and nourish the cuticles. Treat your cuticles to a cocktail of nourishing oils with this special formula created to soften and soothe. Evening primrose oil, aloe vera extract, and a vitamin F derivative will rehydrate and revitalize your nails and leave them perfectly primed for a gorgeous manicure. The fine, soft brush ensures quick and precise application, delivering just the right amount of oil on the nail contour, without giving you greasy fingers
A line of natural lyocell fiber masks, each with specific skin care benefits. 
A line of natural fiber masks, each with specific skin care benefits. Each of these masks is infused with a different active ingredient to replenish skin's nutrients, provide a boost of vitamins, and achieve a brighter, more revitalized eye look. The new fiber masks adhere perfectly to the contours under the eye for better penetration of active ingredients. 
A bestselling moisturizer that provides up to 24-hour hydration, now reformulated with a healthy supply of Hyaluronic Acid Booster Complex to support natural moisture levels. This bestselling formula hydrates and nourishes skin for up to 24 hours. It recharges skin with hyaluronic acid for intense hydration with a weightless feel. It also supports skin’s natural hyaluronic acid. Perfect for dry and sensitive skin, it helps diminish the look of the first signs of aging while smoothing and refining skin's appearance. Light-reflecting pigments even skintone and illuminate the complexion, while antioxidants protect against environmental aggressors to keep skin looking beautiful. 
A line of rich cream-gel textured sleeping masks, each with a skin refreshing benefit. Each of these masks is infused with a different active ingredient for relaxing the skin and achieving a brighter, more revitalized complexion. The luxurious cream-gel texture melts into skin for penetration of the active ingredients while you sleep. 
A tinted bronzing mist for fast, easy application. This mist gives you a gorgeous, natural-looking tan effect without streaking—year-round and without exposure to harmful UV rays. Its light tint bronzes the skin instantly, showing you exactly where you have applied it. 
An ultra-rich body cream that provides intensive hydration. The champion of moisturizers for the body, this luxuriously thick cream does not feel greasy and is quickly absorbed. Its updated formula includes a high concentration of HydroSenn+, a natural ingredient proven to deliver immediate and long-lasting hydration more effectively than hyaluronic acid. Packed with natural butters, including shea, mango and illipe, this product creates a moisture barrier that ensures comfortable, soft skin and long-lasting hydration.
A powerful anti-wrinkle cream. This antiaging cream works overnight to support natural cell growth and collagen synthesis, minimize the appearance of wrinkles, and keep the skin looking radiant. 
A zinc and copper mud mask that cleanses the skin, removes impurities, unclogs the pores, and reduces the appearance of blemishes. This mask with a muddy texture instantly cleanses and purifies the skin. It absorbs excess sebum, cleansing the skin and mattifying without drying up. The formula is enriched with zinc and copper to purify and white clay to soften. 
A line of hand care treatments, each with a different benefit, that offers 15 minutes of pure bliss. Inspired by Asian beauty rituals, the Sephora Collection hand masks provide an effective solution to meet every need. The single pair of non-drip, coated gloves will take care of your hands as you continue what you're doing. Each offers a skin-enhancing benefit. 
A lightweight self-tanning formula that gradually gives skin a beautiful, ultranatural golden glow. This gentle formula goes on smoothly and without streaking for a beautiful golden glow that intensifies with each daily application. Its light, non-sticky texture is easy to apply with cotton and dries instantly for a natural finish. Just continue to apply daily until the natural desired shade is reached. 
An exceptional moisturizer infused with antioxidants and pro-vitamin B5 to help prevent visible signs of aging, prevent unwanted shine for up to eight hours, and protect skin from the sun. 
A line of soothing, leave-on lip masks to replenish, nourish, and moisturize lips in as little as 15 minutes.Infused with power natural ingredients, these sheet masks work to provide younger looking lips in as little as 15 minutes. Each type addresses a different skin need. 
A mega-refreshing hydrogel mask that eliminates signs of fatigue. This invigorating eye mask contains a combination of energizing and toning ingredients that work together to instantly reduce the appearance of puffiness and dark circles. Enriched with the ultra-moisturizing natural ingredient HydroSenn™, this mask is a quick and easy way to look more awake, rested, and refreshed. Individually wrapped and perfect to use after a late night, you can conveniently take this with you on any overnight stay. 
A moisturizing formula in a roll-on applicator that reduces undereye puffiness. Get a bright-eyed look that lasts all day. This unique formula immediately creates a more rested appearance. The three-ball rolling action visibly reduces undereye puffiness, while red vine extract minimizes the appearance of dark circles. The intense hydration lasts up to 24 hours, smoothing, lightening, and evening skintone thanks to light-reflecting pigments. 
An antiaging facial cream to reduce the appearance of fine lines and produce an even skintone.This antiaging facial cream produces visibly younger-looking, beautiful skin. It contains a lipoaminoacid which supports natural collagen synthesis with flattering light-reflecting pigments and HydroSenn+TM, an ultramoisturizing natural ingredient that is more effective than hyaluronic acid. The perfect size to take for on-the-go use, this product is great for all skin types, protects against UVB rays, reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, and evens skintone. 
A blemish-banishing tool with a stainless steel lancet for safe and effective extraction. Use this convenient tool to relieve your complexion by effectively extracting black and white heads. This hygienic tool will not leave marks or scars if used properly. The lance delicately pierces white heads when necessary and all parts of the tool can be used on both face and body. The tool is designed with a pretty slate finish and the handle fits comfortably in the hand for ease and accuracy. 
An intense version of the bestselling moisturizer that provides up to 24-hour hydration—now reformulated with Hyaludonic Acid Booster Complex to support natural moisture levels. 
A packette of self-tanning towlettes for face and body that deliver quick and even application with no streaking. In one easy step, these self-tanning wipes give your skin an even, natural glow. Fully saturated in a self-tanning DHA formula, they produce a uniform, natural-looking glow on the skin anytime, anywhere. 
A dual-ended face brush to cleanse your pores to perfection. Cleanse and refresh your complexion with this innovative tool, complete with a slip-proof grip. The nylon bristles clear trapped oil and bacteria from pores and the domed silicone brush exfoliates and sloughs off dead skin cells. The skin is left smooth and delightfully bright. 
A flexible silicone pad that gently massages the face and helps deliver deeply clean, radiant results. This tool uses tiny bristles to invigorate the skin and effectively clean pores, helping to exfoliate and soften the skin.
A self-tanning lotion that gives skin a beautiful golden glow that intensifies over the course of applications. Day after day, this formula gives skin a beautiful golden glow without streaks, for an ultranatural finish. The shade gradually darkens with each daily application to ensure the perfect tan. It provides long-lasting hydration without leaving a greasy or sticky film thanks to its HydroSenn+™-enriched formula. 
A clarifying booster that helps minimize the appearance of pores and imperfections. This booster can help visibly minimize pores and imperfections in as little as 14 days. Featuring a high concentration of zinc, the formula balances the skin throughout the day by eliminating excess shine for a perfectly matte complexion. Use alone or add to your favorite moisturizer or foundation. 
A shot of minerals to the skin, this revitalizing booster helps awaken skin's complexion and reduce signs of fatigue. In as little as 14 days, this booster smooths and brightens the appearance of tired-looking skin. Featuring a high concentration of magnesium, the formula increases skin luminosity and reduces the sign of fatigue. Simply use alone or add to your favorite moisturizer or foundation. 
A gentle, deep-cleaning neck and face brush. This deep pore cleansing brush is made with super soft bristles, ensuring a deep and invigorating clean while being gentle enough for even the most delicate skin. Equipped with a long, curved handle, the brush is made for easy and comfortable cleaning on the face and neck and helps reach difficult areas. The brush comes with a plastic cap to cover the bristles for storage and travel. 
A liquid moisturizer with the power of a serum and the lightness of a toner. Get skin that is perfectly hydrated, even, and radiant. This miraculous formula helps prepare the skin to absorb moisturizer while a plant-based sugar extract also works to smooth, illuminate, and refine the skin's texture. This concentrate is a true performance booster. Applied before your usual moisturizer, it increases its hydrating power by up to 25 percent for moisture that lasts all day. 
A long-handled, stainless steel, double loop extractor. A deep, cystic pimple should not be opened with a loop extractor. When dealing with deep acne, it's best to visit a dermatologist. A doctor may use a sterile needle, but only after a pustule has formed. Additional treatments depend on the severity of the acne.
A cleansing oil with the effectiveness of an oil and the gentleness of a lotion for skin that is immaculately clean without dryness. This oil transforms into a lotion when combined with water to cleanse deeply and effectively, gently removing any and all types of makeup—even long-lasting formulas—from the face and eyes. It is enriched with nourishing cottonseed oil to leave the skin incredibly soft and comfortable with no oily film. 
An effective cleanser that leaves the skin incredibly fresh and purified. Total Purify & Cleanse Gel thoroughly cleanses and removes makeup—even long-wearing makeup—without drying the skin. Its ultra-purifying action eliminates impurities and excess sebum, refining the skin's texture and tightening pores. Skin is left clear, refreshed, and more radiant. 
A hydrating gel mask loaded with a cocktail of essential vitamins to revitalize dull, fatigued skin. Jelly Mask Moisturizing & Energizing delivers an ultra-fresh sensation—instantly toning and quenching dry, dehydrated skin. Formulated with a cocktail of five vitamins to energize and awaken skin, it diminishes signs of fatigue and restores a luminous, healthy-looking complexion. 
A multifunction body cream that moisturizes and firms for more visibly beautiful skin. This multifunction cream is formulated with concentrated caffeine and red algae extract, which work together to minimize the appearance of cellulite for skin that appears visibly smoother, firmer, and more elastic in a single step. The moisturizer features a sensual, fresh, and non-sticky texture for comfort and a sensorial experience. 
An intense moisture serum that revitalizes dull and thirsty skin. Boost your natural beauty with this concentrated serum that instantly moisturizes. The unique formula contains three times the amount of HydroSenn+™, for the superior moisture your skin craves. Java tea extract and light-reflecting pigments restore a bright and radiant complexion, while diminishing the signs of fatigue and the first signs of aging. 
A luminizing booster that helps minimize dullness by adding radiance and a healthy-looking glow. In as little as 14 days, this booster can help boost the appearance of radiance and refine skin’s texture. Featuring a high concentration of vitamin C, the formula provides a healthy glow. It is ideal for use alone or can be added to your favorite moisturizer or foundation. 
A global antiaging fluid for men that diminishes the appearance of wrinkles on the face and eye contour. This concentrate of peptides with anti-wrinkle and firming properties creates the appearance of visibly younger-looking skin. Its refreshing texture contains HydroSenn+™ for an instant moisture boost that leaves the skin feeling soft and luxuriously comfortable. 
An ultra-refreshing lotion for absolute comfort after shaving. This soothing lotion absorbs quickly and does not feel greasy or sticky. It delivers a refreshing sensation when applied, leaving skin feeling soft, comfortable, and moisturized. 
A moisturizing and mattifying fluid that acts immediately and lasts all day long. This refreshing, lightweight, and non-greasy formula penetrates the skin quickly to reduce excess oil and shine. The active ingredient, HydroSenn™ instantly hydrates skin with long-lasting moisture for a suppler, more comfortable complexion. The result is purified skin with fewer appearances of imperfections. 
A warming effect cleanser that effectively removes impurities and makeup. Ultimate Warming Cleanser’s honey-like texture becomes warm upon contact, helping to open the pores and rid the skin of impurities, excess sebum, and makeup. It is enriched with maple sap extract which is rich in nutritive elements for comfortable skin that is never dry or tight. 
A refreshing, alcohol-free foaming gel that cleanses and tones skin quickly and easily. This gentle cleanser energizes the skin and rids it of impurities and traces of pollution without stripping moisture, thanks to HydroSenn+™, a proprietary ingredient that forms a protective barrier on the skin’s surface. 
A refreshing, alcohol-free, non-greasy, and non-sticky fluid that leaves beards feeling smoother and softer. This hydrating formulation is designed to stop itchiness, soften the beard, and moisturize the underlying skin. Skin no longer feels dry and tight in as little as one week of use. 
A detoxifying bubble mask that delivers an oxygenating effect to dull skin. The detoxifying bubble mask eliminates impurities and any traces of pollution, leaving dull, fatigued skin completely re-oxygenated. When in contact with air, its gel texture turns into a detoxifying bubble foam. This powerful yet gentle formula contains white tea extract and a vitamin E derivative with antioxidant properties to protect the skin from external aggressions. 
A refreshing gel that energizes and leaves skin moisturized all day long. This soothing gel delivers instant, long-lasting moisture while energizing the skin to leave it looking radiant. It fights the first signs of aging with powerful antioxidants. The non-sticky texture absorbs quickly for an immediate effect. 
A creamy shaving foam. This comfortable cream creates a perfectly smooth glide for an easy, precise, and long-lasting shave. It leaves the skin supple and soft for optimal comfort. 
A gel that cleanses pores deep down to leave skin soft, smooth, and purified. This gentle exfoliating scrub contains micro-beads to eliminate dead skin cells and impurities in one step, delivering optimal comfort and purifying the skin and preparing it for shaving. Skin is left refreshed without stripping moisture, thanks to HydroSenn+™, a proprietary moisturizing ingredient. 
A balm that moisturizes, soothes, and protects sensitive, reactive skin from major external aggressors. This rich, creamy, non-sticky formula absorbs quickly into the skin without feeling greasy. It Instantly soothes the skin, immediately relieving the feeling of tightness and providing all-day hydration. Skin is left soft, supple, comfortable, and protected against the harmful effects of external aggressors. 
A luxurious body scrub. This product provides an effective scrub without aggressing skin, buffing away dead skin cells to leave the body with an incredibly soft feel. Brown sugar and apricot oil give it an ultra-luscious texture. 
A comfortable body moisturizer with a featherweight texture that provides light, silky moisture all day long. The newest addition to SEPHORA COLLECTION’s body creams, this light cream absorbs into the skin instantly, providing hydration all day long. Enriched with watermelon extract, a plant based moisturizer, the formula makes skin feel smooth and soft while imparting a delicious scent. 
An exfoliating and deep-cleansing body sponge for the ultimate spa-smooth skin. This body sponge exfoliates while helping to draw out dirt, oil, and other impurities for improved texture and appearance. It works effectively to remove dead skin cells without over drying. Bamboo charcoal helps draw out impurities for an improved texture and appearance leaving the skin supple, delicate, and smooth. 
An easy-to-use vibrating brush for a flawless application of foundation. This innovative tool smoothly and evenly applies foundation for a flawless airbrushed look. This brush gently vibrates, firmly buffing and blending cream products into the skin with 12,000 tiny dabs per minute. The flexible non-latex sponge hugs the curves around the nose and eyes for instant, perfect application. 
A chic retractable foundation brush in a slim and elegant case. The unique patent-pending shape of this brush pairs perfectly with a myriad of foundation formulas for the perfect coverage. All-synthetic, cruelty-free fibers allow for ease of use and cleaning. The beautiful streamlined packaging is unique and exclusive to Sephora Collection Hide and Sleek brushes. Inspired by lip and eye cosmetic packaging, it keeps bristles clean in your makeup bag. 
A retractable cheek contour brush in a slim and elegant case. The firm, yet soft fibers of this brush form a unique contour shape to reach all corners of the face for seamless blending. All-synthetic, cruelty-free fibers and the unique head shape allow for ease of use and cleaning. The beautiful streamlined packaging is unique and exclusive to Sephora Collection Hide and Sleek brushes. Inspired by lip and eye cosmetic packaging, it keeps bristles clean in your makeup bag. 
An elegant modern retractable brush. This unique retractable tool features a flat top buffing brush for applying a myriad of formulas for the face. Easy to clean and long lasting, it ensures a flawless look by blending and buffing the product into skin. You can apply formula with the brush completely open for a soft, delicate finish or with the bristles only halfway retracted to create a stiffer, denser brush. 
A chic lip brush in a slim and elegant case. The unique patent-pending glider shape of this brush hugs the curves of the lips to create the perfect cupid's bow. All-synthetic, cruelty-free fibers and the unique head shape allow for ease of use and cleaning. The beautiful streamlined packaging is unique and exclusive to Sephora Collection Hide and Sleek brushes. Inspired by lip and eye cosmetic packaging, it keeps bristles clean in your makeup bag. 
An elegant, retractable travel brush that features an angled blush head. This multipurpose brush contours and highlights cheekbones, with a single, gentle sweep of the soft synthetic fibers. Then it retracts with a twist into a purse size metal container—perfect for traveling. 
A synthetic fiber foundation brush with a clickable base for dispensing product. This unique tool is a liquid foundation dispenser and brush in one. Just load up the refillable reservoir with your favorite foundation or CC cream (not included), pop the cap, and click the base for touchups anytime, anywhere. A little foundation is dispensed through the synthetic brush with each click so you get just the right amount. Then pop the cap back on and go. The compact size, cap, and all-in-one design make this the perfect tool for travel or a night on the town. 
A versatile, retractable kabuki brush in vivid, metallic colors. Soft, pretty, and perfect for allover application, this medium-sized brush is an ideal travel companion. The retractable design keeps the brightly colored bristles protected and clean. The high-quality hairs are perfect for adding a little glow on the go, contouring with allover powder, and applying shimmer powders on the décolleté. 
A brush that precisely applies and blends shadow into the creases to add depth. Make your eyes pop with this brush specially designed to add dramatic definition. Use the tapered tip along the crease of the eye to softly blend shadow and make eyes appear larger. The soft fibers form a medium, dome shape and promise supple, smooth application. 
A narrow round-tipped brush for precise application of liquid or cream foundations. This brush helps even out the complexion and conceal blemishes by smoothing on product, even in the creases of the face. Its soft synthetic fibers provide even application without an overload of texture. It can also be used for applying masks, treatments, creams, and serums. 
An angled shadow brush that easily adds color to every contour. Accurately sweep color over your lids with this expert shadow brush. The angled tip is shaped to work on the brow bone, over the lid, and under the orbital bone. The natural bristles beautifully blend all pressed or loose powders, and the soft fibers ensure a gorgeous, even finish. 
A complexion brush that applies foundation, blush, bronzer, and highlighter in sheer layers for buildable coverage. Get a natural, no-makeup look with this sheer-coverage brush. It’s perfect for layering on powder and cream formulas because its design allows you to deposit pigment lightly while providing ultimate application control. 
A brush that applies, builds, and blends eye makeup to create a range of beautiful results. Create unlimited effects with this expertly designed brush, from classic shadow, to runway trends, and the smoky eye. The small head allows for total control of shadow placement and the densely packed, natural pony bristles pick up the perfect amount of pigment every time. The dome shape is ideal for smudging and diffusing color with total precision and you can even use this brush to apply brow products. 
A large shadow brush that evenly applies a wash of color to the entire lid. Apply and blend your favorite shadow with a sweep of this large, paddle-shaped brush. The wide brush head allows the whole lid to be uniformly covered in a few simple strokes and the natural mix of soft pony fibers and stiff goat hairs ensures a better blend. Incredibly versatile in function, this brush can be used for applying or blending any powder-based product. 
A medium shadow brush that precisely applies a sheer wash of color to the lids. Create beautiful, perfectly blended eye looks with this brush that expertly applies shadows over the entire eyelid. The mix of natural pony and goat hair provides a contrasting combination of soft and coarse bristles, ideal for applying powder formulas. Its compact, medium size gives increased control for more specific blending needs like the smoky eye. 
A small shadow brush that beautifully applies powder eye shadows with precision. Intensify your eyes with this small brush created to perfect shadow application. The compact mix of natural pony and goat bristles can wedge into the tiniest creases to blend and soften any edges. The long handle keeps your hand far from your face, allowing a full view during application for accuracy and ease. 
A domed brush that expertly applies and blends eye shadows along the creases. Achieve maximum shadow application with this domed crease brush that makes your eyes appear larger and brighter. The dense mix of natural pony and goat bristles ensures expert blending and increased color control. The domed tip fits perfectly in the crease of the eyes and allows you to create a wide range of looks, from classic, to trendy and smoky. 
An angled shadow brush that applies powder and cream formulas with ease. Sweep color across your lids with the expert accuracy of this shader brush. The domed tip is shaped to work on the browbone, over the lid, and under the orbital bone with detailed application. The natural pony bristles are small and tight—perfect for detailed work and achieving your ideal look. 
A brush for applying eyeshadow in the crease of the eye. This must-have, high-quality brush is made with all-natural hair and is easy to use. Certain to make eyes pop, it evenly and smoothly delivers product to the creases of the eyes for a dramatic, sultry look. 
A universal double-ended brow powder brush. This brush features dense, natural hair to create a more natural brushed look on the brows. The angled edge helps maintain precision, while the spoolie end helps to groom and set brow powder. This brush is ideal for all brow shapes, and for creating a trendy, bold brow look.
A thin, round-tipped brush for precise application of perfecting concealers, even in the creases of dark circles. This brush helps to conceals dark circles, blotches, and any other blemishes with precision. Its very soft synthetic fibers provide even application without an overload of texture. Its fine tip provides precision for fading out dark circles, enabling the application of texture even to the most difficult-to-reach areas. 
A multitasking tool that grooms, combs, and defines the brows and lashes. This two-in-one tool includes a natural, boar-bristle brush to groom eyebrows into place, blend in brow color, or easily prep for gels. The metal lash comb separates lashes to remove excess mascara and clumps for a beautiful, uniform look. 
A universal makeup brush for applying concealer. A smaller version of the bestselling Mineral #45 brush, this all-purpose concealer brush applies various formulas effortlessly. The synthetic bristles were created for use with any kind of concealer formula to conceal blemishes and undereye circles.
A firm, slanted eyeliner brush with a tapered point for perfect application. Achieve a variety of natural to dramatic eyeliner looks with this thin-tipped liner brush. The fine, tapered point fits perfectly along the lash line and the angled, synthetic bristles provide ultimate line precision every time. 
An innovative eyeliner brush that has an elbow-shaped ferrule to easily draw on cream or liquid liner. Intensify your eyes with this expertly designed eyeliner brush for liquid formulas. The angled ferrule (the brass part between the handle and the bristles) arches toward your eye, making it easier for you to apply liner on yourself. The bent tip keeps your hands and fingers free from getting in the way, allowing you to concentrate on precise application. The synthetic taklon fibers allow you to use this brush with all types of liners. 
A liner brush created for outlining the eye with liquid or cream formulas. Create a smoldering smoky eye effect with just one sweep of this specially designed liner brush. The pointed tip with longer, synthetic bristles in the center of the brush make this tool ideal for applying and smudging liquid and cream-based products. 
A flat eyeliner brush that applies an even amount of liner along the lashline for uniform definition. Perfect for the novice and the advanced makeup artist, this brush easily traces an even line along the upper and lower lashes. The square, tapered edge promises precision whether you decide to use liquid, cream, cake, or powdered products. 
A synthetic liner brush perfect for applying gel or cream eyeliners in smooth, continuous lines. Achieve the perfect line every time with the small, tapered tip of this liner brush. The defined tip is ideal for detailed eye work and makes creating a variety of thin and thick lines extra easy. The wood handle comfortably fits in your hand for increased control. 
A cream shadow brush that perfectly applies eye shadow for a range of looks. Easily create incredible blended effects and classic eye looks with this multipurpose shadow brush. The densely packed brush head and oval shape pick up just the right amount of pigment, perfect for applying shadow as a base to the entire lid or for more targeted shading. The firm synthetic fibers form a rounded edge for a smooth, even finish every time. 
A round, full-bodied brush for evenly applying loose or pressed complexion powders. Perfect for creating an even, matte finish, this brush helps to set makeup quickly without excess powder and without overload. 
A flat, round-tipped brush for applying loose or pressed complexion powders. This custom-shaped brush was created for touch-ups, highlighting facial features such as the cheeks, forehead, and nose, and precise application of powder. 
A small and precise liner brush for tightlining and for the inner rim of the eye. This brush is designed for cream and liquid liner formulations to create a detailed, ultra-fine line. Its precise size allows for detailed liner application, whether applying onto the inner rim or creating a smoky shadow effect with powder.
A super fine liner brush that allows you to create the perfect liner effect with control and precision. This brush is shaped to give you smooth, ridge-proof liner application. It can be used to create an ultra-crisp wing liner effect. 
A brush with a uniquely shaped head for applying color to the with precision and control to fill in the brow area. This precise, elegant brush lays down color in the brow area with ease. The pointed tip provides maximum control and it pairs well with both cream and powder products. Use the tapered tip to pick up the product and apply color where needed. 
A fan brush to create fullness and add dimension to the brows. This unique brush can be used with gel or powder products to add volume and define brows. It can also be used to mix gel products and create more dimension, giving a more natural look to brows. The innovative fan shape hugs the brow contour for perfect application.
A winged liner brush for creating a graphic look. This winged liner brush is designed to help you achieve thin, precise lines. The slant of the brush allows you to adjust the wing to suit your eye while also providing a sharp point for precise control. Longer bristles allow you to have the right amount of pressure, and the synthetic material allows creams and liquids to glide on more smoothly. 
A lightweight, precision brush for powder formulations that provides seamless, blendable application with a light touch. Pro Featherweight Crease Brush is for use around the eye area. You can apply color to the crease or use it to blend concealer. The PRO Featherweight collection bristles have an exacting flexibility-to-stability ratio which provides an aerating effect during application for perfect product payoff. This brush works with powder, liquid, and cream formulas for a light, natural-looking effect. 
A professional-quality grooming brush to maintain unruly brows. PRO Grooming Brow Brush is best used on fuller brows to help maintain and groom hair before applying product. It helps to tame full, unruly brows and exfoliate dead cells.
A rounded brush that evenly applies all types of powders for a flawless finish. Apply loose, pressed, blush, bronzer, and mineral powders with this natural brush and get smooth, even coverage every time. The goat-hair bristles allow for greater saturation and provide lighter coverage than synthetic brushes, effortlessly distributing the perfect amount of powder to your face. 
A Stippling brush for applying liquid foundation, powder, blush, or bronzer. This versatile, professional-quality brush is used with a dabbing “stippling” motion to ensure a gorgeous sheer finish and an even, streak-free application. It incorporates both white synthetic fibers, which apply product, and black natural fibers that blend for flawless results. The sleek wooden handle fits comfortably in the hand and allows for total control. This brush can be used to apply multiple types of makeup, including liquid, baked, or mineral powder. 
A smaller sized stippling brush for applying liquid foundation, concealer, powder, blush, or bronzer to small or hard-to-reach areas of the face. This versatile, professional-quality brush is used with a dabbing “stippling” motion to ensure a gorgeous sheer finish and an even, streak-free application. It incorporates both white synthetic fibers, which apply product, and black natural fibers that blend for flawless results. The sleek wooden handle fits comfortably in the hand and allows for total control. This brush can be used to apply multiple types of makeup, including liquid, baked, or mineral powder. 
A flat round-tipped brush for uniformly applying loose and pressed complexion powders. Use this brush for mixing and applying loose and pressed powders on the face and décolletage. It’s the ideal tool for creating a makeup finish with a natural effect. 
A stippling brush that perfectly applies powder, liquid, and cream foundations. Ensure a gorgeous, sheer finish and even, streak-free application with this stippling brush that complements any foundation. The white, taklon bristles apply product and the black, goat bristles blend for flawless results—an ideal duo of natural and synthetic fibers. The sleek, wood handle fits comfortably in the hand and allows for total control over your desired look. 
A round-tipped brush for applying bronzing or iridescent powders on facial contours. Evenly shape and highlight the cheeks, forehead, and nose with this rounded brush that’s ideal for reaching facial recesses. Compact bristles pick up a generous amount of powder for greater coverage and quick application. It’s also the perfect brush for adding a touch of radiance on the décolletage. 
A brush that smoothly applies and blends concealer to the eyes, face, and blemishes. Achieve the complete coverage you desire with this brush that precisely applies concealer wherever you need it most. The shape and density of the synthetic bristles fit perfectly in the shadow area under the eye and provide enough pressure to move cream-based textures evenly. The rounded tip ideally fits the contours of the eyes, lips, and brows for added definition. 
A brush with antibacterial bristles specially designed to apply mineral powders. Ideal for loose or pressed formulas, the shape of this brush head makes it easier to make the circular movements required for applying mineral powders. The synthetic bristles make for easy pick-up and mixing of heavier textures.
A travel-size version of the bestselling Classic Multitasker Brush #45, designed for applying loose and compact mineral powders. This travel-friendly tool (formerly known as the Classic Mini Mineral Brush #45.5) is equipped with a durable aluminum handle and soft, synthetic bristles that are ideal for picking up the perfect amount of powder. The plump shape complements the circular movements needed to apply mineral powders. Whether you are working with foundation, bronzer, or blush, this essential tool will help you achieve your desired look. 
A bronzer brush made from the highest quality materials to achieve a flawless, airbrushed finish. Beautifully blend bronzer and your favorite powder formulas with this brush that provides a flawless finish. The dense, rounded shape moves effortlessly along the cheekbone and jawline for easy application and the synthetic bristles ensure effortless blending. This brush comes with plastic cap to protect the integrity of the bristles for years to come. 
A foundation brush to apply foundation for even coverage. This brush to applies foundation evenly for a natural finish. It is designed to be used with cream and liquid formulations and can be used to apply cream contour before blending. It is also ideal for applying liquid or cream highlighter, and offers better control and coverage than fingertip application.
A small, short-handled round-tipped brush to apply loose or pressed complexion powders. Mattify and even out your complexion using this compact brush, which is suited for touch-ups throughout the day. 
An angled brush for applying blushes and sun powders. Thanks to its angled shape, this brush is ideal for highlighting and contouring the hollows of the cheeks and cheekbones. 
A domed powder brush for precisely applying your favorite formulas. Sweep powders of all kinds across the skin with this brush that promises a smooth, delicate finish. The soft, synthetic bristles are perfect for loose and compact blushes and bronzers, and ideally create a beautiful, airbrushed finish. Thanks to its angled shape, this brush is ideal for highlighting and contouring the hollows of the cheeks and cheekbones. 
A lightweight brush for even application of concealers and other cream products under the eye. This concealer brush is a lightweight brush that can be used to apply creams or liquids under the eye for a soft finish. Use the slanted side to apply and the long side to remove or blend products further for a perfect finish.
A dome-shaped brush for applying pressed powders. Dense bristles and a rounded shape make this brush particularly fit for highlighting facial contours with blushes and bronzers. 
A flared dome-shaped brush for applying all types of powders. Use this brush with pressed or loose powders and bronzers or blushers. Its wide, dome-shaped tuft sweeps across the face for a natural-looking result and even finish in hard-to-reach areas. The ridges of the dome also enable more precise application on facial contours. 
A brush for creating a smooth, flawless, no-makeup look. This full-coverage face brush makes creating a flawlessly blended no-makeup look easy. Its unique shape offers a larger application area than other brushes, and the Naturon synthetic fibers have the strength to apply product smoothly without streaking, yet are flexible enough for smooth, even blending. 
A brush that can be used to set makeup and apply powder to the chest, décolleté, collarbone, and legs. Buff your way to an airbrushed complexion. This brush features an innovative design with ultra-wide, fan-like bristles. Achieve precise, side-to-side sweeps with this allover, makeup-setting tool that can be used for both the face and body. It applies powder, cream, and liquid formulas effortlessly, or can be used to set makeup or for seamless contouring. 
A mini, dense fan brush that can be used to highlight, contour, and apply foundation for a more defined look. This brush features an innovative design in the ferrule that gives a wider profile to the head. The design adds extra strength toward the center of the bristles for more control when sweeping on product. The compact size makes this a great brush for travel. It can be used to apply highlight and contour for a more defined look or to apply or touch up foundation. 
A blush brush for applying mineral, powder, and cream blushes. This brush is an extension of the bestselling Mineral #45 brush. Created specifically to apply various types of blushes, it features easy-to-clean synthetic fibers. 
A domed blush brush for achieving a flawless, airbrushed finish. This blush brush was designed with domed bristles to effortlessly sweep along the cheek bone for precise application. The synthetic bristles effortlessly pick up both cream and powder formulas, and move gently over the complexion for beautiful blending. 
A multitasking face brush that can be used to apply foundation or blush and to sculpt or highlight. The brush shape of the Classic Multitasker Contour is designed to sweep over the contours of the face seamlessly for a flawless, smooth finish. It features a long, slim shape, which allows for easy application of your favorite foundation or blush. Its unique synthetic bristles are tightly bound to allow for use with liquids, creams, or powders. Gently brush on foundation or concealer with one side to create an airbrushed look. 
A bestselling brush with unique bristles that create a truly airbrushed finish. Achieve your ideal look with this brush specially designed to create a smooth, natural-makeup finish. The synthetic bristles ensure smooth, streak-free application and optimal payoff with all of your favorite liquid, cream, and powder formulas. The rounded shape and longer bristles flex with the skin and produce beautiful, airbrushed results. 
A travel-size version of the bestselling brush to create a truly airbrushed finish. Achieve your ideal look on the go with this travel-friendly brush specially designed to create a smooth, natural-makeup finish. The synthetic bristles ensure smooth, streak-free application and optimal payoff with all of your favorite liquid, cream, and powder formulas. The rounded shape and longer bristles flex with the skin and produce beautiful, airbrushed results. 
A travel-size version of the bestselling brush to create a truly airbrushed finish. Achieve your ideal look on the go with this travel-friendly brush specially designed to create a smooth, natural-makeup finish. The synthetic bristles ensure smooth, streak-free application and optimal payoff with all of your favorite liquid, cream, and powder formulas. The rounded shape and longer bristles flex with the skin and produce beautiful, airbrushed results. This Precious Elements limited edition features a rose-gold colored metal handle. 
This expert brush applies all types of foundation and provides a natural, airbrushed finish. Buff on your favorite foundation or powder with this brush designed to provide greater precision and maximum control. The brush head is densely packed with short, synthetic bristles, ideal for building coverage in layers until you’ve reached your desired finish. 
A concealer brush that applies correcting formulas with a flawless, airbrushed look. Discover the secret to the smoothest finish possible with this unique round brush that precisely conceals dark circles, redness, and all other imperfections in one gesture. The short, synthetic bristles allow you to buff and blend from light to heavy, and achieve perfect, even coverage across your face. 
A flat powder brush that precisely applies all types of complexion powders or blush. Soft and silky, this natural brush was designed to streamline and enhance sculpting and shaping techniques. The goat-hair bristles evenly apply powder formulas and help you effortlessly achieve the flawless finish you desire. 
A round-tipped brush for applying light and medium-colored powder eye shadows. This versatile brush can be used to sweep base eye shadows over the entire eyelid or applied to specific areas for an expert shading effect. 
A thin-headed brush for precise application of powder eye shadows. The flat tuft of this precision brush makes it ideal for applying medium to dark eye shadows and for shading them
A perfect brush for applying your favorite powder products with a smooth finish. Sweep and blend loose or compact powders all over the face and décolleté with this large, round brush. The high bristle density and domed shape grab and buff powder and mineral products evenly for a gorgeous complexion. The synthetic fibers can be used wet or dry and the wood handle fits comfortably in the hand for increased control. 
A wide-headed brush for applying light and medium-colored powdered eye shadows. Ideal for applying a base eye shadow, this wide brush with dense bristles helps with the even application of eye shadows on the entire eyelid. 
A well-like foundation brush designed for a sheer, buffed application of liquid foundations. This brush is designed to work best with liquid serum foundations. Product is applied to the center of the brush and buffed onto skin resulting in a natural, flawless appearance. The hypoallergenic brush is also an excellent applicator for liquid gel blush for a soft look.
An all-in-one brush that allows you to tap on products for flawless, full-coverage finish, but does not absorb too much product or wear out like a sponge does. Specifically designed with the finest synthetic fibers, the patent-pending Pro Press brush helps you provide precision placement to help conceal, accent, and detail. Designed to maximize the benefits of a brush and a sponge, the longer bristles absorb and deposit product while the short, dense bristles help to spread and blend across the face.
An all-in-one brush that allows you to tap on products for flawless, full-coverage finish, but does not absorb too much product or wear out like a sponge does. Specifically designed with the finest synthetic fibers, the patent-pending Pro Press brush helps you provide precision placement to help conceal, accent, and detail. Designed to maximize the benefits of a brush and a sponge, the longer bristles absorb and deposit product while the short, dense bristles help to spread and blend across the face. 
A flat-headed brush with tight, short bristles for applying dark powder and cream eye shadows and eye pencils. This brush enables precise color shading and the application of an eye shadow along the eyelashes for a smoky effect. Accentuate contours or smudge color to create a halo effect.
A slender, long-tipped brush for applying dark powder eye shadows in the crease of the eyelid. Create a wide-eyed effect with this brush featuring a fine point and dome shape, which provide precision when applying eye shadows in the eye crease. It’s perfectly shaped to give depth to eyes and holds a large quantity of product for intense and rapid application. Use this tool for fading out a dark eye shadow that is already applied towards the browbone or blend for a halo effect on the lower eyelid. 
A small brush that allows for the perfect intensity of blush application and blending for all face shapes. This smaller sized brush hugs the apples of your cheeks to apply blush precisely right where you need it. Great for those with smaller face shapes, this multipurpose brush can also be used to contour and highlight. The head of natural goat bristles is large enough for any type of pressed powder, yet small enough for precise application. 
This unique, angled contour brush ideally applies all types of formulas and provides expert definition—exclusively at Sephora. Apply blush, bronzer, foundation, and even concealer effortlessly with this exclusive, multipurpose brush. The angled bristles pick up more product than a normal brush, resulting in a truly sculpted appeal. The slant of the synthetic bristles forms a chiseled edge, allowing for accurate placement that sweeps flat against the skin and delivers even application. The pointed side easily reaches facial contours with ease, making coverage around the nose and eyes a breeze. 
A professional-quality brush to apply concealer to a small area of the face with precision. This high-quality brush easily and smoothly applies concealer around the eye and over blemishes. Made of high-quality natural and synthetic fibers, it is soft to the touch and works wonders for a seemingly flawless look. 
A brush designed to blend foundation and complexion contour products expertly for all face silhouettes. The synthetic bristles of this blending brush work perfectly with a variety of formulas from powders to liquids and creams. The curved shape hugs the jawline and underlines the cheekbones and forehead for effortless, even results. The contoured angle provides overall coverage and specialized definition. Use to contour cheek bones, minimize the jawline, or definine the bridge of the nose for a sculpted, on-trend look. 
A large brush with a pointed head shape and super fine synthetic fibers for high definition coverage and finishing effects. The synthetic fibers of this brush grasp liquid formula without fully absorbing it, giving maximum and even product payoff on the skin for optimum coverage with minimal product waste. The large, pointed shape allows it to reach the delicate and detailed areas of the face around the eyes and nose. It is ideal for finishing and blending but also to cover larger areas with broad sweeps, and for buffing to a flawless finish. This brush works best with liquid and serum foundation, but can also be used with powder formula
An exclusive tapered brush that is ideal for applying highlight and contour. This tapered contour brush has a shape that offers ideal precision in smaller areas of the face such as under the eye. It is best used with powder highlighters or contours and can also be used as a blending brush when softening with creams or liquids. The refined tip makes this a great detail brush all around the face. It is only available at Sephora. 
An exclusive, layered bristle brush that lightly deposits pigment while offering control and precision when applying product. This brush is ideally used to build coverage under the eye, as well as add highlight in specific areas. It is precise enough to work in almost any smaller area of the face and can be used to contour areas such as around the eyes and nose. It doubles as a blending brush to blend out any excess product. This brush is only available at Sephora. 
A slanted brush with a proprietarily shape to apply all formulas of lipstick expertly. This angled brush is perfectly formed to fit the contour of lips. It works especially well with liquid formulas that can hard to apply precisely. 
A flat angled brush for applying a liquid eyeliner or a slightly moistened eye shadow. Ideal for a doe-eyed makeup effect, this brush has a flat angled cut that follows the shape of the eye and enables drawing a precise line. Use this versatile brush for creating any desired line thickness simply by adjusting the pressure applied to the brush. 
A lightweight, precision brush for seamless application of foundation, blush, and bronzer. Featherweight Blending Brush is perfect for applying makeup to the face and cheeks. It can also be used for contouring and has multiple applications, so it can replace several face brushes in your makeup bag. The PRO Featherweight collection bristles have an exacting flexibility-to-stability ratio which provides an aerating effect during application for perfect product payoff. This brush works with powder, liquid, and cream formulas for a light, natural-looking effect. 
A lightweight powder brush to apply powder foundation and translucent powder to the face and body. PRO Featherweight Powder Brush is perfect for applying complexion products lightly and with control. It is also appropriate for use on the body. The PRO Featherweight collection bristles have an exacting flexibility-to-stability ratio which provides an aerating effect during application for perfect product payoff. This brush works with powder formulas for a light, natural-looking effect. 
A lightweight fan brush that provides a light dusting of translucent powder or shimmer for a soft finish to the face or body. PRO Featherweight Fan Brush is great for lightly applying product because of its size. It can be used as a finishing brush to get into hard-to-reach areas, but also doubles as a setting tool to apply a light, translucent powder coverage. The PRO Featherweight collection bristles have an exacting flexibility-to-stability ratio which provides an aerating effect during application for perfect product payoff. This brush works with powder formulas for a light, natural-looking effect. 
An extra-thin brush for applying a liquid eyeliner or a slightly moistened eye shadow. An extra-fine tip on this brush allows for a super precise line along the base of the eyelashes. 
A lightweight, precision brush for seamless application of powder products. Featherweight Blending Brush is perfect for setting makeup or applying a soft natural finish. The PRO Featherweight collection bristles have an exacting flexibility-to-stability ratio which provides an aerating effect during application for perfect product payoff. This brush works best with powder formulas for a light, natural-looking effect. 
A beveled-tipped brush for applying eye shadow on the eyebrows or to tone down an eyebrow pencil. Define the eyes with this brush, which can be used to outline, color, and correct the shape of brows. 
A brush with an expertly crafted head for subtle contouring. Short, tufted, synthetic bristles allow maximum control and perfect coverage for the face, neck, and décolleté. 
A short, tapered blending brush with ultrasoft, natural bristles. This brush allows for application of a deeper shadow color into the crease to add depth and create the illusion of larger eyes. Dense bristles allow for maximum control and are perfect for working into the crease.
A blush brush and a powder brush in one sleek retractable case. This convenient case holds two brushes in one and keeps them protected and clean. The case is portable and convenient for last minute touch ups. Use one end for allover face application and the other for cheek application and contouring. 
A revolutionary line of brushes created through a collaboration between the Sephora Pro team and traditional Japanese craftsmen. These beautiful brushes feature an innovative synthetic bristle material—the first to benefit from exclusive technology—that creates a softer, fluffier feel with actual bounce while retaining the benefits of synthetic bristles. As a result, these brushes are soft as cashmere, yet deposit more product onto the face due to less absorption and are more hygienic than natural hair. The result of the first ever collaboration between a beauty company and highly-skilled traditional Hakuho-do craftsmen, these brushes benefit from the expertise of the Sephora Pro team and are handmade in Japan using a traditional, 200-year-old manufacturing technique. This ensures the highest quality design, materials, and assembly for astounding results. 
A revolutionary line of brushes created through a collaboration between the Sephora Pro team and traditional Japanese craftsmen. These beautiful brushes feature an innovative synthetic bristle material—the first to benefit from exclusive technology—that creates a softer, fluffier feel with actual bounce while retaining the benefits of synthetic bristles. As a result, these brushes are soft as cashmere, yet deposit more product onto the face due to less absorption and are more hygienic than natural hair. The result of the first ever collaboration between a beauty company and highly-skilled traditional Hakuho-do craftsmen, these brushes benefit from the expertise of the Sephora Pro team and are handmade in Japan using a traditional, 200-year-old manufacturing technique. This ensures the highest quality design, materials, and assembly for astounding results. 
A revolutionary line of brushes created through a collaboration between the Sephora Pro team and traditional Japanese craftsmen. These beautiful brushes feature an innovative synthetic bristle material—the first to benefit from exclusive technology—that creates a softer, fluffier feel with actual bounce while retaining the benefits of synthetic bristles. As a result, these brushes are soft as cashmere, yet deposit more product onto the face due to less absorption and are more hygienic than natural hair. The result of the first ever collaboration between a beauty company and highly-skilled traditional Hakuho-do craftsmen, these brushes benefit from the expertise of the Sephora Pro team and are handmade in Japan using a traditional, 200-year-old manufacturing technique. This ensures the highest quality design, materials, and assembly for astounding results. 
A revolutionary line of brushes created through a collaboration between the Sephora Pro team and traditional Japanese craftsmen. These beautiful brushes feature an innovative synthetic bristle material—the first to benefit from exclusive technology—that creates a softer, fluffier feel with actual bounce while retaining the benefits of synthetic bristles. As a result, these brushes are soft as cashmere, yet deposit more product onto the face due to less absorption and are more hygienic than natural hair. The result of the first ever collaboration between a beauty company and highly-skilled traditional Hakuho-do craftsmen, these brushes benefit from the expertise of the Sephora Pro team and are handmade in Japan using a traditional, 200-year-old manufacturing technique. This ensures the highest quality design, materials, and assembly for astounding results. 
A high density, latex-free sponge designed to create an ultra-smooth, flawless finish with any foundation formula. The high density material in this sponge minimizes product absorption so there's no need to wet the sponge. The unique double-ended design is perfect for achieving different coverages and finishes on the skin. 
A makeup application sponge with a unique angle for contouring and precision application. This ergonomic makeup sponge features a dual-end design for easy application to all areas of the face. The flat bottom can be used with a stippling motion to create airbrushed look, while the slanted, pointed end allows for precision in all the small areas of the face, such as around the nose and under the brows. The shape offers optimal grip and the latex-free material has been reformulated to be even more durable and prevent tearing. The Painter works with all makeup formulations, including liquids, powders, minerals, and even BB and CC creams. It provides streak-free, buildable coverage with faster application than with brushes or fingers. 
A unique makeup application sponge. This durable sponge features dual tips for precise concealing, blending in hard to reach areas, and removing makeup mistakes. The fine tip offers extra precision for getting into small corners, while the wide tip expertly smooths foundation over forehead, cheeks, and chin. The Perfectionist is washable, reusable, and works with all formulations of makeup including creams, liquids, powders, and minerals. Now reformulated to be more durable and to prevent tearing, the latex-free material provides effortless, sheer, buildable coverage and faster application than with brushes or fingers. 
A set of three makeup sponges that provide streak-free, buildable coverage. This set of three reusable makeup sponges comes nestled in a portable travel bag for the perfect makeup application at home or on the go. The hot pink sponge applies liquid and cream formulations evenly, while the soft pink sponges apply powder products smoothly or offer sheer coverage when used with liquid or cream products. 
A set of four reusable makeup sponges housed in travel pouch. These latex-free sponges are made from hydrophillic foam specially designed to absorb water so makeup sits on the surface for maximum payoff. They are remarkably soft and are specially designed to apply product evenly and precisely for a flawless, natural finish. The super versatile shapes yield excellent results with multiple makeup formulations: serum foundation, cushion compact, heavy-duty concealer, liquid highlighter, cream contour stick, or cream blush. The teardrop shape is ideal for precision, while the round shape allows for quick allover application. 
A set of three mini puffs designed for targeted loose powder application on the go. Easy to carry in any travel clear bag, these puffs are the ideal tool for a perfect powder application anywhere. The soft velour texture is designed to pick up, hold, and evenly distribute setting or finishing powder, and the small size allows you to target specific areas of the face without changing the finish of your makeup. 
A colorful set of multiuse applicators with sponge tips. Apply in delight with this set of eye-catching tools in bright colors. Use these sponges to hygienically apply or blend foundation, skin care, and acne treatments. Each applicator is washable and reusable. The collection comes housed in a clear plastic case for easy, clean storage. 
A set of six makeup sponge wedges in a clear case. This set of sponges is perfect for makeup application whether you’re at home or on the go. The edgy design will give your routine a fashionable edge. Keep the full set or individual wedges in your purse, makeup bag, or at your desk for ultimate convenience. 
A Set of 12 disposable silicone wands for different mascara applications. This set of spoolies features four different styles of silicone tip for lengthening, volumizing, curling, and defining. Use with your favorite mascara for impressive results, and then toss them to skip the mess and keep your mascara hygienic. 
A duo of soft, absorbent sponges with a round shape for multiple uses. This two-pack of versatile sponges are the perfect addition to any makeup bag. Use the soft, round sponge to achieve smooth, even coverage with your compact foundation or apply your favorite cream or powder products for a natural, mattified finish. 
A ceramic ionic hair dryer for supreme shine, softness, strength, and style. This professional-quality Blow Dryer heats up to 250° for effortless styling while negative ion technology seals hair cuticles and eliminates frizz. The ergonomic, non-slip grip and featherweight design allow for optimal control and comfort. Ceramic tourmouline seals in moisture while reducing drying time by up to 50 percent. With two speed settings, three heat settings, and a cool shot button to set styles, hair is left soft, strong, and lustrous. 
A folding lash comb to define and separate lashes. This chic comb folds into its own handle for easy storage and hygiene. Fold it out and it works to define and separate eyebrows and lashes. Fold it up and it’s ready to take anywhere. Metal bristles create a better, more refined look. 
A powerful mini ionic blow dryer with dual-voltage capacity—perfect for travel. This incredibly compact, lightweight, luxury mini dryer features dual-voltage technology, so you can use it anywhere around the globe. It boasts a powerful DC motor which emits negative ions into the hair to eliminate frizz and leave hair shiny and silky-smooth. Two settings allow hair to dry in half the time, and a plug adapter enables easy powering when abroad. The dryer also includes a diffuser nozzle and features a soft-touch rubberized finish.
A dry shampoo that cleans and freshens hair without water in a few seconds. This formula instantly absorbs excess sebum and leaves hair clean without using water. It restores softness and lightness to hair to make styling easier, and contains a molecule which eliminates unpleasant odors. In just a few sprays, it leaves hair with a delicate, fresh, clean scent. 
An oval cushion paddle brush. With 100-percent-natural boar bristles reinforced with nylon pins, this oval-shaped brush is ideal for all hair lengths and types. Boar bristles evenly distribute the scalp’s natural oils to promote shiny, healthy hair. This universal brush smooths and detangles all hair types and textures, and is great for creating intricate updos, touch-ups, and finishing touches. The ergonomic, non-slip handle makes maneuvering and styling comfortable, with salon-performance ease and durability.
A purse-size thermal round brush with a ceramic barrel and heat-resistant nylon bristles infused with tourmaline ions. This ingenious brush features a ceramic-coated barrel that retains heat and creates uniform thermal distribution to avoid damaging the hair while allowing for faster drying and easier styling. The tourmaline-infused nylon bristles also help with drying while adding shine and eliminating frizz. The exclusive ring construction helps avoid snags and the ceramic and ionic materials provide antibacterial properties. This brush is lightweight and comes in a small size for convenience. 
A collection of six elastic hair ties printed with vibrant designs. Keep your hair in place and in style with this set of flexible hair ties adorned with fun and flashy designs. The soft fabric is gentle on your hair and comfortable to wear on your wrist between uses. Keep them in your gym bag or purse for ponytails and up-dos at your convenience. 
A set of eight no-tug hair ties. Fun, functional, and perfect for a quick ponytail, these no-tug hair ties are comfortable and won't leave creases in your hair. Great to throw in your purse, gym bag, or travel case, take these anywhere to ensure that you always have a hair tie with you when you need one. 
A stylish and effective travel brush with a combination of boar and plastic bristles. Brush your hair beautiful with this compact brush perfect for travel. The longer, plastic bristles comb through the hair and the boar bristles smooth out kinks and tangles, ensuring gorgeous strands all day. This durable brush is water resistant and the perfect tool for pulling up a ponytail or detangling after a breezy afternoon. 
A traveling flat iron to create smoother, silkier texture for any hair type on the go. This sleek, compact travel iron features tourmaline ceramic floating plates that quickly heat to 140°, or up to 450° for endless styling options. Infrared technology evenly distributes heat, reduces bacteria, and minimizes flyaways for a professional finish, while the ionized technology promotes silkier and smoother hair. The iron has an ergonomic, nonslip grip for comfort, and a convenient hanging loop. 
A high-quality curling wand to curl, wave, or flip hair quickly and easily. This Curling Iron features a 100 percent titanium cone and ceramic system that quickly heats up to 450° to effortless shape and style hair. Infared technology evenly and quickly distributes heat for a silky, professional finish. The one inch barrel is perfect for creating either tight or loose curls and waves depending on the look you are trying to achieve. Suitable for all hair lengths and types, it has an ergonomic, non-slip grip designed for professional comfort and includes a heat-resistant glove to keep hands and hair protected. 
A large, round brush with a ceramic, thermal base. This brush is features a ceramic-coated barrel to retain and distribute heat evenly to prevent damage while brushing and styling hair at high temperatures. The wavy, temperature-resistant synthetic nylon bristles are infused with tourmaline ions to be soft and gentle on hair, reducing frizz for faster blow-drying time. An ergonomic handle and lightweight design allow for easy maneuvering when styling, straightening, and adding volume.
A set of four clips to keep hair in place while styling or blow drying. These sturdy clips feature an “alligator jaw” design that can hold thick tresses without leaving crimp marks, allowing your hands to remain free for styling, drying, or coloring. 
Made of a unique elastic fiber, these hair elastics glide onto any pony with ease and stay put. When it's time to let your hair down, they glide right off without pulling or tugging. Available in black for those with darker hair, and clear for those with lighter hair.
A flat iron to create smoother, silkier texture on the go for any hair type. This Ceramic Tourmaline Flat Iron promotes silky smooth, stunning hair. The 100 percent titanium plates heat up to 410° for endless styling options while infrared technology evenly distributes heat and minimizes flyaways and frizz for a professional finish. Suitable for all hair lengths and types, it features an ergonomic, non-slip grip designed for professional comfort. 
A medium-sized round brush with a ceramic, thermal base. This brush is features a ceramic-coated barrel to retain and distribute heat evenly to prevent damage while brushing and styling hair at high temperatures. The wavy, temperature-resistant synthetic nylon bristles are infused with tourmaline ions to be soft and gentle on hair, reducing frizz for faster blow-drying time. An ergonomic handle and lightweight design allow for easy maneuvering when styling, straightening, and adding volume.
A teasing hair brush with 100 percent natural boar bristles and a built in sectioning pick. This versatile brush is suitable for all hair lengths and types. The dense, all-natural boar bristles are great for back combing at the root of the hair to create major volume or for styling and touch-up work. The pointy brush handle can be used to part and section hair, while the narrow head and nonslip soft grip make root work and creating volume easy. 
A large, rectangular cushion paddle brush. Ideal for use on all hair lengths and textures, this rectangular, cushioned brush has nylon ballpoint-capped tips designed to massage the scalp. It promotes shine by evenly distributing the scalp’s natural oils. An extra hole in the cushion allows for increased air flow and makes this large brush super lightweight. The ergonomic, non-slip handle makes maneuvering and styling comfortable, with salon-performance ease and durability. 
A set of eight tight-hold ponytail elastics that are durable, stretchy, and accented with metallic beads. These high quality metallic woven hair elastics are great for pulling hair back and securing it into place. They're comfortable around the wrist and can also be used to give your pony tail a bit of height. Each has a tight hold yet is loose enough to not cause headaches. These ties do not rip or damage hair.
A detangling and texture-managing comb with sturdy, widely spaced teeth—now in a convenient purse size. This gentle but sturdy comb works hard to detangle, style, and manage hair without sacrificing texture. Its widely spaced conical teeth are designed for optimal effectiveness and the tough, professional design provides salon-quality performance. It’s great for applying conditioner and even works on wavy or curly medium-to-long hair. The convenient reduced size is perfect for tossing in a purse or toiletry bag for detangling on the go. 
A detangling and texture-managing comb with sturdy, widely spaced teeth. This gentle but sturdy comb works hard to detangle, style, and manage hair without sacrificing texture. Its widely spaced conical teeth are designed for optimal effectiveness and the tough, professional design provides salon-quality performance. It’s great for applying conditioner and even works on wavy or curly medium-to-long hair. 
A small, round brush with a ceramic, thermal base. This brush is features a ceramic-coated barrel to retain and distribute heat evenly to prevent damage while brushing and styling hair at high temperatures. The wavy, temperature-resistant synthetic nylon bristles are infused with tourmaline ions to be soft and gentle on hair, reducing frizz for faster blow-drying time. An ergonomic handle and lightweight design allow for easy maneuvering when styling, straightening, and adding volume.
A set of eight luxury, no-tug ribbon hair ties. Stylish, functional, and perfect for a quick ponytail, these luxury, no-tug hair ties are strong, comfortable, and won't leave creases in your hair. Great to throw in your purse, gym bag, or travel case, these ties can be taken anywhere.
A set of beaded hair ties that adds sophistication and style to the classic ponytail. This set of three simple and chic hair ties comes in beautiful neutral colors and patterns with metallic accent beads. They look great in the hair and on the wrist and are suitable for all hair types. 
A collection of versatile bobby pins in beautiful metallic or subtle pastel shades.
A large, round, dual-vented brush. Ideal for styling, smoothing, and straightening medium and long hair lengths, this large brush has bristles that promote shiny, smooth, and healthy hair. A combination of boar and nylon-tipped bristles glide through hair easily, building volume and straightening without scratching the scalp. Boar bristles evenly distribute natural oils and Tourmaline ions help hair dry faster, and add extra sheen while eliminating frizz. The ergonomic, non-slip handle makes styling comfortable with salon-performance ease and durability. 
A medium-sized, round, dual-vented brush. Ideal for styling, smoothing, and straightening medium and long hair lengths, this mid-sized brush has bristles that promote shiny, smooth, and healthy hair. A combination of boar and nylon-tipped bristles glide through hair easily, building volume and straightening without scratching the scalp. Tourmaline ions help hair dry faster, and add extra sheen to hair while eliminating frizz. The ergonomic, non-slip handle makes styling comfortable with salon-performance ease and durability. 
A concave, tunnel, dual-vented brush. Ideal for styling, smoothing, and straightening short and medium hair lengths for men and women, this brush’s vented body allows for super-fast drying time. The scalp-hugging, curved shape is designed for control, keeping hair centered on the head of the brush during styling. Easy to maneuver, the lightweight brush is ergonomic with a non-slip handle and professional, salon-grade technology. 
A set of five two-tone neoprene hair ties in bright colors. This set of colorful neoprene hair ties adds fun to the classic ponytail. Each looks great in the hair or on the wrist, and is suitable for all hair types.
An elegant contoured gold styling accessory. Fashion barrettes are a classic accessory gaining momentum with celebrities and fashion designers. Use this chic barrette to create a sleek, low pony tail, to sweep hair off the face, or to pin an elegant updo. 
An extra large, round brush with a ceramic, thermal base. This brush is features a ceramic-coated barrel to retain and distribute heat evenly to prevent damage while brushing and styling hair at high temperatures. The wavy, temperature-resistant synthetic nylon bristles are infused with tourmaline ions to be soft and gentle on hair, reducing frizz for faster blow-drying time. An ergonomic handle and lightweight design allow for easy maneuvering when styling, straightening, and adding volume.
A revitalizing dry shampoo with volumizing properties. An alternative to traditional shampooing, this dry shampoo quickly revitalizes and removes excess oil for hair that feels fresh with added body and texture. Nourishing Abyssinian oil conditions the hair, leaving it lustrous and healthy. 
A professional-grade pencil sharpener perfectly suited for a multitude of pencil sizes and types. This dual sharpener is perfectly designed to provide a precise, centered tip for a multitude of pencils including eye, lip, and concealer. The high-grade, German stainless steel blades give a foolproof finish to all pencils, from the softest to hardest leads. A tightly fitting removable lid eliminates mess and shavings in your cosmetic bag, and the 10mm adapter allows the sharpener to be used with different sized pencils. A removable plastic pick tucked neatly into the body of this sharpener helps to dislodge the toughest pieces of shavings and lead from the blade for easy cleaning and precision sharpening every time. 
A makeup brush cleanser.Keep your brushes in tip-top shape with Sephora Brand Purifying Brush Shampoo. Prevent gunky buildup and prolong the life of your prettiest tools by treating them to a weekly detox.
A professional-grade liquid brush cleanser that gently removes make-up debris from natural and synthetic bristles. This incredible formula by Parian Spirit (a cult favorite) reconditions all your natural and synthetic-haired brushes, returning their sheen and luster. It is formulated to remove the toughest adhesives and formulas—glue, mascara, latex, and even acrylic—from the most delicate natural and synthetic fibers. The cleaner is so versatile that it can be used to clean makeup and adhesives off clothing, wigs, false eyelashes, and false facial hair. It has a light and uplifting citrus aroma. 
A maintenance product to extend the life of your cosmetic brushes. Some brushes have clearly outlived their life span, but are difficult to replace. This conditioner was developed to breathe new life into weathered brushes. It protects cosmetic brushes by restoring softness to the bristles, moisturizing, and preventing breakage. 
A set of 60 organic cotton pads in a convenient storage box. These 100 percent organic facial cotton pads are extremely soft and exquisitely smooth, which allows for superior absorption and gentle application of liquid skin care products. Organic cotton products are softer and easier on your skin, making these pads ideal for those with sensitive skin. 
A package of extra-gentle 100 percent cotton pads. These super soft cotton pads effectively remove makeup without irritating the skin or tearing. They are also great for applying toner and lotion, or for removing traces of nail polish when giving yourself an at-home manicure. Conveniently store them in your bathroom or take them with you when you travel. 
The perfect touch-up tool for expertly groomed eyebrows, lip, and/or immaculate bikini line, our legendary Japanese stainless steel Touch-Up Razor comfortably trims unwanted hair with exacting precision. It's safety cover doubles as a brow brush with lash comb and has a ridged safety guard that protects delicate skin and prolongs blade life.
The original, empty magnetic makeup palette with a clear window that can hold all of your favorite makeup in one easy place. Customize, simplify, and organize makeup of any brand in one sleek palette while downsizing bulky packaging and making touch-ups on the go a breeze. Remove eye shadow pans, blushes, powders, bronzers—even lipsticks and concealers—from other palettes using the included metal spatula and instruction guide. Use the included metal stickers to magnetize non-metal pans instantly, and then place your favorite shades and brands in the Z Palette for a completely customized and interchangeable palette that's ready for any occasion. The Z Palette is perfect for storing refill versions of your favorite products, is eco-friendly, and is great for traveling. 
An innovative magnetic carrying case that securely carries a customizable, interchangeable palette of Colorful Eyeshadow. In just three easy steps, you'll be on your way to personalizing your set with color that’s just your taste. Pick and choose your favorite Colorful Eyeshadow shades and easily create your own palette for the day or night with this magnetic carrying case. The three shadow palette perfectly holds a stunning trio for touch-ups on the go and the six shadow palette is an ideal companion for true color fans.
An ergonomic dry body brush with exfoliating boar hair bristles designed to help reduce the appearance of cellulite and promote healthy, glowing skin. This dry body brush is an easy and convenient daily exfoliating tool. It helps to exfoliate, invigorate, and stimulate by brushing away dead cells to promote healthy glowing skin. Dry brushing also helps to reduce the appearance of cellulite. Made of natural boar hair, the bristles are firm yet flexible enough to contour to the body and provide superior, lasting results. The handheld design provides for excellent hold and control. 
A set of three disposable premium razors for shaving hair anywhere. Efficiently remove unwanted hair with these high-quality, stainless steel razors. These disposable razors remove facial hair and peach fuzz, resulting in smoother skin, better absorption of skin care products, and a more flawless makeup application. The slight curve in the handle allows for a closer, more precise, and more comfortable shave. The long-lasting, extra-long blades cover large surface areas to remove more hair at once. 
A sharpener designed to maximize the performance of your favorite eye and lip liner pencils. Keep all of your pencils in peak operating condition with this professional-quality sharpener. The sleek, handy design catches shavings and fits easily into any makeup bag. 
A professional-grade, two-in-one pencil sharpener made of an innovative, biodegradable, and sustainable bio-polymer. The Eco Biodegradable Sharpener is a perfect accessory to your cosmetic collection. This sharpener not only accomodates a multitude of pencil sizes, but you can feel confident knowing that you are also helping the environment when you dispose of it. The corn-based PLA body of this sharpener is biologically degradable, while the blade is recyclable. Made in Germany, the carbon steel blades give your pencils the perfect pointed tips for flawless application. 
A lightweight, gel-serum color corrector with brightening properties and a unique applicator. Ideal for the undereye area, blemishes, and areas around the nose and mouth, these gel-serum color correctors are feather light and buildable depending on your concern. Pineapple ceramide helps to improve the appearance of skin texture and add brightness, while the cotton swab-like applicator provides the perfect amount of product every time. Just dip, dot, and blend to neutralize before you conceal. 
An exclusive pressed powder palette for contouring and highlighting. Only at Sephora—this do-it-all contouring palette contains five perfectly selected shades in a single pan to sculpt and slim the face. Use the shades individually or mix and match to suit any face shape. Contouring is made easy with the included step-by-step tutorial. Just choose the sculpting shade of your choice or combine shades and apply under cheekbones, along the sides of the nose or forehead, or under the jawline. Use the highlighting shades to brighten under the eyes and down the bridge of the nose for a naturally defined or dramatically sculpted look. 
Sephora Contouring 101 Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Contouring 101 Contour is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Lauroyl Lysine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Tin Oxide, Silica, Sorbitan Oleate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate (+/-) : Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), Ci 15850 (Red 7), Ci 77007 (Ultramarines).
Sephora MicroSmooth Baked Blush is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora MicroSmooth Baked Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A double-ended contour stick with a cream-to-powder contour formula and cream, modern matte highlighter. 
Sephora Highlight Lowlight Contour is a Contour. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Highlight Lowlight Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A duet of blush formulas in one compact for a variety of radiant finishes. 
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Coral Powder, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Sorbitan Oleate, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Silica, Tocopherol, Lauroyl Lysine, Tin Oxide. (+/-): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 / CI 77491 / CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens).
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 77007 (Ultramarines). 
Sephora Blush 101 Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 77007 (Ultramarines). 
Sephora Blush 101 Luminizer is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Dimethicone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Nylon-12, Silica, Coral Powder, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Sorbitan Stearate, Caprylyl Glycol, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Lauroyl Lysine, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Isohexadecane, Tocopheryl Acetate, Hexylene Glycol, Polysorbate 80, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Sorbitan Oleate, Tocopherol, Tin Oxide, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate.( +/-) Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Ultramarines, Ferric Ferrocyanide, Chromium Oxide Greens, Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide.J1022
Sephora Microsmooth Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 30 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Candelilla Cera (Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax), Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Dimethicone, Polyethylene, Ozokerite, Silica, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cera Microcristallina (Microcrystalline Wax), Tin Oxide, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, BHT, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Polyurethane-11, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate. (+/-): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 15850 (Red 6/Red 7/Red 7 Lake), CI 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), CI 19140 (Yellow 5/Yellow 5 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 45410 (Red 28 Lake), CI 77000 (Aluminum Powder). 
Sephora Blockbuster Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 72 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Blockbuster Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 32 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Blockbuster Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Blockbuster Blush is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tin Oxide, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet).
Sephora Ombré Obsession Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A set of essentials for the perfect eyebrows. This must-have set includes six sticker stencils and a double-ended tool with a spoolie on one side and an angled brow brush on the other. It will help you create new brow shapes or refresh your own style after just one use. 
Sephora Fall in Line Brow Stencil is a Tools. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Fall in Line Brow Tool is a Brush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A palette featuring 10 wearable shades inspired by photo filtering effects. Editing software is a huge trend in social media for that picture-perfect, professionally lit look. These palettes were inspired by popular filters, putting a fun spin on the technological trend. The Overcast palette contains cool, breezy tones for more smoky looks, while the Sunbleached palette includes soft, light-filled shades. Each features brand-new hues, as well as a few bestselling colorful shades. The packaging showcases gorgeous artwork and each includes a large mirror. 
A complete kit for expertly shaping, grooming, and defining your brows. Get the arch you’ve always wanted with this collection of brow essentials. This compact kit includes everything you need for customizing your look, including two brow powders that can be combined to create your perfect filler shade. Apply these defining powders with the included angle brush and then follow up with the spoolie brush for specialized shaping. The kit also includes a tweezer for shaping and a setting wax to keep unruly brows in line. 
Sephora Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Setting Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Nylon-12, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Silica, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dipentaerythrityl, Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Phenoxyethanol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Tin Oxide, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides). 
Sephora Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Baked Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Baked Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Dimethiconol Stearate, Dimethicone, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Maltodextrin, Diisostearyl Malate, Caprylyl Glycol, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), Phenoxyethanol, Lauroyl Lysine, CI 77007 (Ultramarines), Hexylene Glycol, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract. 
A dual layered lip palette with four lip glosses and four poured lipstick shades perfect for daytime, playtime, and everything in between. This lip palette of wearable and fashion-forward shades allows you to pick a single color or mix and match to create a custom lip look. The creamy formulas glide on easily and blend well making custom shades easy to create and apply. The set includes brushes for on-the-go application. 
Sephora Lip Artist Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Lip Artist Liquid Lip Color is a Lipstick. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Boron Nitride, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Polybutene, Silica, Magnesium Myristate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Maltodextrin, Sorbic Acid, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), BHT, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet). 
Mica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Phenyl Trimethicone, Talc, Magnesium Myristate, Nylon-12, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Phenoxyethanol, Maltodextrin, Sorbic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Tin Oxide.
Mica, Talc, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Petrolatum, Phenyl Trimethicone, Octyldodecanol, Glyceryl Caprylate, Silica, Tin Oxide, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Oryzanol, BHT. +/-: CI 77491 (Iron oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide). 
A high-quality set of eight brushes for the eyes, cheeks, and complexion. Apply all your favorite cosmetics with style and flair with this convenient brush roll set that can be packed away for traveling with ease. 
Sephora Powder Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Small Contour Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Fan Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Blending Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Precision Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Smudge Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Liner is a Brush.
Sephora Brow Comb/brush is a Brush.
A set of double-ended rose gold makeup brushes encased in a cream pebbled clutch for on-the-go convenience. This limited-edition set is the perfect way to achieve a flawless look while traveling. It contains six professional-inspired brushes in a sleek roll-up pouch. Each features a dual-ended design to save space while on the go. Handles are made of high-quality aluminum in a beautiful rose gold color. 
Sephora Angled Brow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Spoolie is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Pointed Foundation Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Airbrush Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Perfecting Concealer Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Buffing Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Blush Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Eyeliner Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Allover Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Eye Shadow Brush is a Brush.
A Professionally inspired complexion and contour brush set. This high quality set includes a stippling brush, a flat top powder brush for buffing and setting, and angled blush brush. Also includes PRO Team make-up tutorial. The set is encased in a fashionable slim-line pouch. 
Sephora Stippling Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Buffing Blush is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Blush Brush is a Brush.
A wallet-size all-in-one complexion palette for the face. Achieve a flawless complexion, a sculpted look, or a natural bronze glow with this compact all-in-one, fold-out palette. Inside, you’ll find 19 shades of concealer, bronzer, cream blush, powder blush, cream highlighter, and powder highlighter suited for a wide range of skintones. The included beauty tutorial includes pro tips for layering textures and shades to find the perfect combination for any look. This palette is small enough to fit easily in a handbag or clutch to go from day to night or freshen up anywhere. 
Sephora All A Glow Contouring Concealer is a Concealer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora All A Glow Contouring Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora All A Glow Contouring Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora All A Glow Contouring Cream Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora All A Glow Contouring Cream Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora All A Glow Contouring Powder Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A set of four unique, specialized brushes to create a flawless complexion. This set of artistry-inspired brushes features innovative brush heads and all-synthetic, high-quality fibers. The blemish concealer brush has a unique shape that allows for the expert application necessary to cover and conceal imperfections without disturbing base layer of product. The shape of the pointed foundation brush works around the contours of face for better coverage. The ridged foundation brush lays and blends product to create smooth and even base coverage. The traditional shape of the concealer brush provides an easy-to-use tool for nose and undereye area to cover and conceal. 
Sephora Ridged Foundation Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Concealer Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Blemish Concealer Brush is a Brush.
Mica, Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Tin Oxide, Silica, Ethylhexylglycerin, Methicone. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide). 
Sephora Iconic Looks Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 28 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Iconic Looks Blush is a Blush. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Iconic Looks Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A six-piece brush set with bristles infused with charcoal powder, which has antimicrobial properties to keep brushes fresher for longer. These brushes feature super soft synthetic bristles for a perfect blend and adjustable coverage with any formula, wet or dry. The large foundation brush features a wider shape that lays down foundation quickly and evenly, perfect for when you need your complexion to look flawless in a flash. It also doubles as a handy and hygienic face mask applicator. The angled concealer brush is designed to camouflage and highlight the undereye area and also doubles as an allover shadow brush. The precision sweep brush's flat shape gives the ultimate precision and control for contouring and highlighting. These brushes are suitable for those with sensitive skin. 
Sephora Large Foundation Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Precision Sweep is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Concealer Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Allover Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Liner Brush is a Brush.
A six-piece brush set and tutorial to achieve trendy, contoured eye looks. This brush set includes all the right tools to create a variety of eye looks, including brushes to enhance specific parts of the face such as brows and eyes. This set includes a tutorial card to help you achieve a trendy, contoured eye look. 
Sephora Large Angled Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Blending Crease Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Eye Enhancer Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Pointed Liner Brush is a Brush.
A brush set that includes all the essentials for professional eye makeup application. This must-have brush set contains all the brushes needed for flawless makeup application. It features a combination of natural and synthetic brushes for powder and cream applications including all over eye shadow, small shadow, angled shadow, rounded crease, and angled liner. A compact, sleek pouch design holds all your essential eye brushes so you can touch up while on the go. 
Sephora All Over Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Small Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Angled Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Rounded Crease Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Flat Liner Brush is a Brush.
A comprehensive, basic brush set housed in a beautiful slim pouch for allover face application. This perfect starter brush set contains all the brushes you need for a quick and easy makeup application. It is especially designed for anyone looking to do full face makeup application or touch-ups on the go. The brushes are housed in a smartly designed pouch that is slim and portable but is roomy enough to house all five brushes plus makeup items such as eye pencils and mascaras. 
A comprehensive, basic brush set housed in a beautiful slim pouch for allover face application. This perfect starter brush set contains all the brushes you need for a quick and easy makeup application. It is especially designed for anyone looking to do full face makeup application or touch-ups on the go. The brushes are housed in a smartly designed pouch that is slim and portable but is roomy enough to house all five brushes plus makeup items such as eye pencils and mascaras. 
Sephora Foundation Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Crease Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Allover Eye Shadow Brush is a Brush.
A complete, 27-piece set of professional-grade brushes. Inspired by the set used in Sephora University classes offered to our cast and clients at certain stores, this complete set of 27 Sephora Collection PRO brushes is perfect for the budding makeup artist or seasoned professional. This is the largest set of all PRO Brushes that Sephora carries and includes a standing easel pouch for convenient travel and setup. 
Sephora Pro Precision Smudge Brush #29 is a Brush.
Sephora Pro Angled Blush Brush #49 is a Brush.
Sephora Pro Precision Foundation Brush #58 is a Brush.
Sephora Pro Precision Blush Brush #73 is a Brush.
Sephora Pro Lip Brush #81 is a Brush.
A set of five synthetic brushes to provide smooth makeup application, every time. This set includes all the brushes you need to achieve flawless, buildable coverage for your entire face. Perfect for travel or your purse, its sleek gunmetal-colored carrying case zips closed and is covered in animal-friendly faux leather. 
Sephora Airbrush Powder is a Brush.
Sephora Airbrush Precision Foundation is a Brush.
Sephora Airbrush Concealer is a Brush.
Sephora Airbrush Crease is a Brush.
Sephora Airbrush Shadow is a Brush.
A six-piece brush set designed to give you a complete look in minutes. This chic trifold travel case houses all the tools needed to get a finished look in minutes. It features custom slots for each item within a sleek design that is perfect for travel. The easy-to-use brushes and included how-to card help achieve a polished application on the fly every time. 
Sephora Large Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Large Brow Brush is a Brush.
A set of five uniquely-designed essential brushes housed in an on-trend tribal printed pouch with gunmetal details. This set features a roomy cosmetics bag that doubles as a clutch plus five innovative makeup brushes for quick and easy application. The allover powder brush features a new domed shape that makes it perfect for more targeted application of powder, blush, and contour. The curved foundation brush hugs the contours of the face to glide on liquid and cream formulas effortlessly, making it perfect for highlighting and strobing. The pointed brow brush is designed to give you ultimate control and precision for any brow look and any formula. The crease brush is cut smaller than a traditional crease brush to give more precise definition to any eye shape. 
Sephora Allover Powder Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Curved Foundation Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Pointed Brow Brush is a Brush.
An exclusive five-piece brush set in a jelly pouch. This set contains five full-face makeup brushes for ideal application of eye, cheek, and lip color. Each brush is precision shaped for professional results and features superb durability and craftsmanship. The brushes all fit in the fun jelly pouch with extra room to store your essential beauty products. 
Sephora Round Powder Brush is a Brush.
Sephora Lip Brush is a Brush.
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides). 
Sephora Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Bronzing Powder is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sephora Luminizer is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A colorful five-piece brush set in a flashy, metallic clutch. Keep your brushes by your side with this sleek and portable set perfect for travel. The shiny compact case protects the integrity of the bristles and makes sure midday touch-ups are easy and quick. 
Sephora Shadow Brush is a Brush.
A sweet and sassy manicure kit housed in a pretty hard-sided case. Love your nails with this manicure kit featuring six essential tools. This collection is all you need to keep your nails in shape and your toes sandal-ready year-round. The sleek case fits perfectly in your purse or travel bag for touch-ups on the go. 
Sephora Sapphire Nail File is a Nail File.
Sephora Tweezer is a Tweezers.
Sephora Cuticle Pusher is a Tools.
Sephora Nail Clipper is a Tools.
Sephora Scissors is a Tools.
Sephora Angled Cuticle Clipper is a Tools.
Sephora Scissor is a Tools.
A professionally inspired nail art brush set and travel case. This must-have nail brush set includes all the tools you need to create spectacular nail effects in a fun travel case. Apply with the flat brush, use the dotting tool to create polka-dots, blend and swirl with the fan brush, and neaten with the pointed brush. Use the two fine-tip pens to finish your look. The travel case fits in a purse or handbag for dazzling nails wherever you may need them. 
Sephora Metal Dotting Tool is a Tools.
Sephora Flat Brush is a Tools.
Sephora Pointed Brush is a Tools.
Sephora Fine-tip Nail Art Pen is a Tools. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A tool duet for creating trendy designs on your nails and toes. Let your imagination run free on all your tips with this set of tools intended to make beautiful nail designs easy and fun. The double-ended marbling tool turns dots of color into pretty shapes, like flowers and hearts. The thin paint brush is ideal for details and adding the final touches to any design, like the stem on a flower or a smiling face. 
Sephora Marbling and Dotting Tool is a Tools.
Sephora Paint Brush is a Tools.
A seven-piece tool set for creating a flawless manicure. This deluxe manicure set gives you all the essentials to create your perfect manicure at home. Each tool is full size and fits comfortably in your hand. The set comes in a durable zippered case for safe travel and storage. 
Sephora Cuticle Nipper is a Tools.
Sephora Angled Nail Clipper is a Tools.
Sephora Double Ended Cuticle Trimmer is a Tools.
Sephora Cuticle Trimmer is a Tools.
Sephora Toe Nail Clipper is a Tools.
Six mini tubes of opaque, high-shine lip color in all-new summer shades. Use the flat, sponge-tip applicator to apply Anastasia Beverly Hills Summer Mini Lip Gloss for a multi-dimensional, highly pigmented look. 
Tarte Summer 2016 Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.65 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Amazonian Clay Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get cheeky! Soft and subtle to bright and bold, Makeup Geek Blushes blend effortlessly into the skin to add the perfect dose of radiance to your cheeks. Their finely milled powder guarantees a smooth, buttery feel and a flawless application, every time. Rich pigmentation combined with a fade-resistant formula offers buildable, long-lasting color. This Talc-free formula is also great for sensitive skin.
Deliciously shiny and absolutely irresistible, Guerlain La Petite Robe Noire Lipstick is a buildable, lightweight lipstick filled with ultra-luminous and ultra-shiny pigments. The full-comfort formula is available in a range of vibrant and twisted shades, and gives your lips a natural to sophisticated look, depending on how you build it. It's also delicately scented with the brand's fruity and floral La Petite Robe Noire fragrance.
Guerlain La Petite Robe Noire Nail Color is a long-lasting polish formulated with a careful blend of adhesive copolymers and a specific polyester resin that increases its adherence to the nail, which reduces chipping. It’s available in a range of vibrant, revived shades that give you an instant, extreme-gloss finish. Not only are you left with a glossy manicure, but the nail color is lightly fragranced with the brand’s floral and fruity La Petite Robe Noire perfume. Make the fragrance last by layering with other La Petite Robe Noire fragranced nail products.
From legendary makeup artist Kevyn Aucoin, this three-in-one palette has everything you need to achieve a sun-kissed complexion in just one swipe. The highlighter, blush, and bronzer shades maximize skin’s glow with vibrant, luminous color.
Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Cyclomethicone, Dimethicone, Paraffinum Liquidum, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Benzyl Alcohol, Dehydroacetic Acid. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985)
Makeup Atelier's eyeshadows provide long-lasting wear that is highly pigmented and intense in color. They are resistant to water, tears and perspiration.
Glow Subtil's silky cream highlighter gives a delicate, refined glow to skin that highlights and illuminates your natural skintone. The highlighter allows for a vibrant, luminous color that adds a touch of radiance or can be layered for an intense glow so you can create a custom, soft-focused glow without a chalky or glitter-packed finish. Enriched with a unique blend of skin conditioning agents and light-diffusing particles, this easy-to-apply cream formula melts into your skin while remaining non-greasy and non-tacky. 
Mica, dimethicone, talc, calcium sodium borosilicate, zinc stearate, dimethiconol, silica, acrylates copolymer, aluminum hydroxide, calcium aluminum borosilicate, caprylyl glycol, hexylene glycol, methyl methacrylate crosspolymer, octyldodecyl stearoyl stearate, phenoxyethanol, polyethylene terephthalate, synthetic fluorphlogopite, tin oxide, triethoxycaprylylsilane, carmine (CI 75470), titanium dioxide (CI 77891), aluminum powder (CI 77000), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), ferric ferrocyanide (CI 77510)
A limited-edition, longwearing eyeshadow palette for day to play looks. 
Talc, mica, diisostearyl malate, dimethicone, zinc stearate, kaolin, silica, calcium sodium borosilicate, synthetic fluorphlogopite, polyethylene terephthalate, acrylates copolymer, tin oxide, tetrasodium EDTA, caprylyl glycol, hexylene gycol, phenoxyethanol, calcium aluminum borosilicate. (+/-): Titanium dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
Active: Octinoxate 3.5%, Titanium Dioxide 4.3%. Inactive: Aqua ((Water) Eau), Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Glycerin, PEG-9, Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Boron Nitride, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Atelocollagen Soluble Collagen, Tripeptide-29, Hyaluronic Acid, Tocopherol, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-5, Acetyl, Hexapeptide-8, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydrolyzed Glycosaminoglycans, Methyl Acetylglycyrrhetinoyl, Hydroxyprolinate, Glycyrrhetinic Acid, Niacinamide, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Acetyl Hydroxyproline, Pullulan, Sorbitol, Trehalose, Dimethicone / PEG-10 / 15 Crosspolymer, Alumina, Laureth-7, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Silica, Sodium Chloride, Methicone, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Xanthan Gum, Phospholipids, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Tetrasodium EDTA, Tocopheryl Acetate, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Sodium Chondroitin Sulfate, Acacia Senegal Gum, Dipropylene Glycol, Sodium Citrate, Propylene Glycol, Linoleic Acid, Lecithin, Phytosteryl Canola Glycerides, Oleic Acid, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Triolein, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Active: Octinoxate 3.01%. Inactive: Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Alcohol Denat., Phenyl Trimethicone, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Bis-PEG / PPG-14 / 14 Dimethicone, Dimethicone, Magnesium Sulfate, Ethylhexyl Hydroxystearate, Talc, Silica, PEG / PPG / Polybutylene Glycol-8 / 5 / 3 Glycerin, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Dimethicone / Polyglycerin-3 Crosspolymer, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Magnesium Stearate, Silica Silylate, Dipropylene Glycol, Alumina, BHT, Sodium Citrate, Tocopherol, Isopropyl Alcohol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Bismuth Oxychloride.
Clinique Super City Block BB Cushion Compact Broad Spectrum SPF 50 is a Foundation that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.42 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Cyclope-Ntasiloxane, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Triethy-Lhexanoin, Peg-9 Polydimeth-Ylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, B-utylene Glycol, Pentylene G-Lycol, Disteardimonium Hect-Orite, Cetyl Peg / Ppg-10 / 1 Dim-Ethicone, Sodium Chloride, Vinyl Dimethicone / Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Silica, Glycerin, Phenoxyethanol, P-Hytosteryl / Octyldodecyl Lauroyl Glutamate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Dimethicone / Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Tocopherol, Hydrogen Dimethicone. May Contain (+/) Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Talc, Dimethicone, Aluminum Hydroxide, Iron Oxides (Ci 77492), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491), Iron Oxides (Ci 77499), Stearic Acid.
Water/Aqua, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Octyldodecyl Neopentanoate, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Dimethicone, Magnesium Chloride, Potassium Chloride, Sodium Chloride, Zinc Chloride, Lysine, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Ginkgo Biloba Leaf Extract, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Camelia Oleifera leaf Extract, Gynostemma Pentaphyllum Extract, Phytantriol, Montmorillonite, Illite, Kaolin, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocophery Acetate, Tocopherol, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Boron Nitride, Glycerin, Palmitic Acid, Dextrin Palmitate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Disodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Ceresin, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Mica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Beeswax, Tribehenin, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Arnica Montana Flower Extract, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Tocopherol, Retinyl Palmitate, Castor Oil Bis-Hydroxypropyl Dimethicone Esters, Ethyl Menthane Carboxamide, Sodium Hyaluronate, Tocopheryl Acetate, [*/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499) *Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Paraffinum Liquidum/Mineral Oil, Petrolatum, Mica, Lanolin Oil, Tapioca Starch, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ozokerite, Capryloyl Glycerin/Sebacic Acid Copolymer, Diheptyl Succinate, Water, Quaternium-90 Sepiolite, Vp/Eicosene Copolymer; Caprylyl Glycol, Cassia Angustifolia Seed Polysaccharide, Cucumis Sativus Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Hexylene Glycol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Phenoxyethanol, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Quaternium-90 Montmorillonite, Silica, Tocopheryl Acetate, [+/-:Iron Oxides (Ci 77491), Iron Oxides (Ci 77492), Iron Oxides (Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891)].
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Beeswax, Ozokerite, Squalane, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprate, Triacontanyl PVP, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Cera Carnauba, Cire de carnauba), Silica, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Ethyl Linoleate, Ethyl Linolenate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Tocopherol, Tribehenin, Ethyl Oleate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Bisabolol, Phytosphingosine, Ceramide NG, PEG-10 Phytosterol, Palmitoyl Hexapeptide-12 (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288)
Dimethicone, Synthetic Wax, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Sucrose Tetrastearate Triacetate, Silica, Polybutene, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Hydrogenated Jojoba Oil, Trimethylsiloxysilicate/Dimethiconol Crosspolymer, Trimethylpentanediol/Adipic Acid/Glycerin Crosspolymer, Silica Silylate, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate. May Contain/Peut Contenir: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)
Dior Fix It 2-In-1 Prime & Conceal is a Concealer that retails for $36.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cyclopentasiloxane, Water, Cyclohexasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Dimethicone, Sodium Chloride, Mica, Phenoxyethanol, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Caprylyl Glycol, Passiflora Edulis Seed Oil, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Steareth-20, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Oil, Carbomer, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, N-Hydroxysuccinimide, Polysorbate 20, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Polygylceryl-4 Isostearate, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Chrysin, Algae Extract, Gardenia Tahitensis Flower Extract, Tocopherol. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Estee Lauder Double Wear Waterproof All Day Extreme Wear Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Coconut Alkanes**, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate**, Polyhydroxystearic Acid**, Dimethicone, Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe Vera) Leaf Juice**, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Cetearyl Isononanoate, Disteardimonium Hectorite**, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil*, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate**, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate**, Lecithin**, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate**, Polyglyceryl-2 Isostearate**, Shea Butter Ethyl Esters**, Tocopherol**, Silica, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract**, Epilobium Angustifolium Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract**, Hexyldecanol, Bisabolol, Cetylhydroxyproline Palmitamide, Stearic Acid**, Brassica Campestris (Rapeseed) Sterols**, Vaccinium Angustifolium (Blueberry) Fruit Extract**, Squalane**, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride**, Behenyl Behenate**, Tribehenin, Glycerin**, Glyceryl Caprylate**. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Tridecyl Neopentanoate, Titanium Dioxide, Propylene Glycol, PEG 10 Dimethicone, PCA Dimethicone, Cyclohexasiloxane, Methylmethacrylate Crosspolymer, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Squalane, Phenoxyethanol, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Butylene Glycol, Methylparaben, Ammonium Styrene/Acrylates Copolymer, Cyclomethicone, Propylparaben, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Polysorbate 60, Styrene/Acrylates Copolymer, Trisodium EDTA, Zinc Oxide, Iron Oxides, May Contain: Yellow 5 Lake, Red 36
AQUA (WATER),CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, BUTYLOCTYL SALICYLATE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, HYDROGENATED POLYISOBUTENE, ETHYLHEXYL METHOXYCINNAMATE, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, OCTOCRYLENE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, TITANIUM DIOXIDE, ISOAMYL LAURATE, GLYCERYL TRIBEHENATE/ISOSTEARATE/EICOSANDIOATE, POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE, ISOPENTYLDIOL, LAURYL PEG-8 DIMETHICONE, ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF JUICE, PHENOXYETHANOL, SUCROSE ACETATE ISOBUTYRATE, SODIUM CHLORIDE, BUTYL METHOXYDIBENZOYLMETHANE, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, POLYGLYCERYL-4 ISOSTEARATE, STEARALKONIUM HECTORITE, SILICA, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, TRISODIUM ETHYLENEDIAMINE DISUCCINATE, LECITHIN, TROPOLONE, HIBISCUS SABDARIFFA SEED OIL (HIBISCUS SABDARIFFA FLOWER EXTRACT), PRUNUS AMYGDALUS DULCIS OIL (PRUNUS AMYGDALUS DULCIS (SWEET ALMOND) OIL), RIBES NIGRUM SEED OIL (RIBES NIGRUM (BLACK CURRANT) SEED OIL) GLYCERIN, TOCOPHEROL, ASCORBYL PALMITATE, CITRIC ACID, CENTELLA ASIATICA LEAF EXTRACT, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT May contain: CI 77891 (TITANIUM DIOXIDE), CI 77492 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77491 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77499 (IRON OXIDES)
Calcium Carbonate, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Starch, Talc, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Fragrance (Parfum) May contain: Iron Oxides CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499
Active: Titanium Dioxide 4.83%, Octinoxate 4.0%. Inactive: Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Bis-Hydroxyethoxypropyl Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Behenyl Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Polypropylsilsesquioxane, Cerotyl Dimethicone, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Silica, Phenoxyethanol, Lauryl Peg-8 Dimethicone, Sodium Chloride, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Methicone, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Caffeine, Tropolone, Yeast Extract, Glycerin, Lecithin, Alcohol, Alteromonas Ferment Extract, Hordeum Vulgare Extract, Tocopherol, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Coffea Arabica (Coffee) Seed Extract, Pongamia Pinnata Seed Extract, Angelica Archangelica Root Extract, Citrus Aurantium Amara (Bitter Orange) Peel Extract, Dimethylmethoxy Chromanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Maltodextrin, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Xanthan Gum, Peg-8, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbic Acid, Citric Acid, Sclerotium Gum, Ascorbic Acid, [May Contain: Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499)].
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Silica Dimethyl Silylate [nano], Cetyl Alcohol, Microcrystalline Wax/Cera Microcristallina/Cire Microcristalline, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Myristyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Ethylhexylglycerin, BHT, Phenoxyethanol. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). 
Active: Titanium Dioxide 12% Inactive: Water, Methyl Trimethicone, Caprylyl Methicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Glycerin, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Talc, Stearic Acid, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Alumina, Centaurea Cyanus Flower Water, Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch hazel) Water, Potassium Sorbate, Magnesium Sulfate, C9-15 Fluoroalcohol Phosphate, Fragrance, Aluminum Hydroxide, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Alcohol, Thermus Thermophillus Ferment, Silica, Trifluoropropyldimethyl/Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Ethylparaben, Biotin. (May contain) Iron Oxides, Titanium Dioxide, Mica
Aloe barbadensis (organic aloe juice)*, carthamnus tinctorius (organic safflower oil)*, organic glycerin*, potassium cetyl phosphate, sorbitan sesquioleate, coconut alkanes, coco-caprylate/caprate (plant derived), gluconolactone (plant derived), cetearyl olivate (plant derived), sorbitan olivate (plant derived), sodium benzoate, decyl glucoside (plant derived), silica, hydroxyethylcellulose, sodium bicarbonate, citrus limonum leaf cell extract, helianthus annuus (sunflower seed oil), vitis vinifera (organic grape seed oil)*, tocopherol (Vitamin E), tetrahexyldecyl ascorbate (Vitamin C), argania spinosa (argan shell powder), rosa gallica (rose flower powder). May contain: titanium dioxide, iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Talc, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Glyceryl Ethylhexanoate/Stearate/Adipate, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Isononyl Isononanoate, Kaolin, Ppg-25-Laureth-25, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Mica, Polysorbate 20, Glycerin, Dimethicone, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Carbomer, Palmitoyl Pentapeptide-4, Tocopheryl Acetate, Hesperidin Methyl Chalcone, Steareth-20, Dipeptide-2, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Disodium Edta, Benzyl Alcohol, Sodium Chloride. (+/- ) May Contain: Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77492 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides).
Water, Tetradecane, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Glycerin, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Propanediol, Decyl Isostearate, Isostearyl Isostearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Sorbitan Sesquiisostearate, Magnesium Stearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Isostearic Acid, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Soil Minerals/Syringa Vulgaris (Lilac) Leaf Cell Culture Extract, Maltodextrin, Trisodium Edta, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica, Tin Oxide, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499).
Clinique Airbrush Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $20.50 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
La Prairie Cellular Swiss Ice Crystal Transforming Cream Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $195.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cyclopentasiloxane, Water/Aqua, Titanium Dioxide, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Mica, Zinc Oxide, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Mica, Dimethicone, Sodium PCA, Glycerin, Nylon-12, PPG-12/SMDI Copolymer, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Tocopheryl Acetate, Glucosyl Hesperidin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, , Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Hexyl Laurate, Tribehenin, Cetearyl Olivate, Linoleamidopropyl PG-Dimonium Chloride Phosphate, Caprylyl Glycol, Propylene Glycol,Sorbitan Olivate, Hexylene Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Polyglyceryl-3 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Steareth-20, Ceramide 2, Triethoxylsilylethyl Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Hexyl Dimethicone, Dimethyl MEA, PEG-10 Rapeseed Sterol, Silica, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Butylene Glycol, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Hydroxysuccinimide, Hyaluronic Acid, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Chrysin, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7.
ISONONYL ISONONANOATE, OCTYLDODECANOL, POLYBUTENE, MICA, DICALCIUM PHOSPHATE, CERA MICROCRISTALLINA (MICROCRYSTALLINE WAX), HYDROGENATED POLYISOBUTENE, SYNTHETIC BEESWAX, VP/EICOSENE COPOLYMER, POLYETHYLENE, SILICA SILYLATE, RICINUS COMMUNIS SEED OIL (RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL), DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE , TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, CERA ALBA (BEESWAX), PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE, HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL, ALEURITES MOLUCCANA SEED OIL, HIBISCUS SABDARIFFA SEED OIL (HIBISCUS SABDARIFFA FLOWER EXTRACT), SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS SEED OIL (SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS (JOJOBA) SEED OIL), PRUNUS AMYGDALUS DULCIS OIL (PRUNUS AMYGDALUS DULCIS (SWEET ALMOND) OIL), RIBES NIGRUM SEED OIL (RIBES NIGRUM (BLACK CURRANT) SEED OIL), ASCORBYL TETRAISOPALMITATE, COPERNICIA CERIFERA CERA (COPERNICIA CERIFERA (CARNAUBA) WAX), ISOPROPYL MYRISTATE, GLYCINE SOJA OIL (GLYCINE SOJA (SOYBEAN) OIL), RETINYL PALMITATE, CARTHAMUS TINCTORIUS SEED OIL (CARTHAMUS TINCTORIUS (SAFFLOWER) SEED OIL), LINOLEIC ACID. MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891 (TITANIUM DIOXIDE), CI 77492 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77491 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77499 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77007 (ULTRAMARINES), CI42090 (BLUE LAKE 1).
Polyethylene, Squalane, Methyl Dihydroabietate, Soybean Glycerides, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Octyldodecanol, Populus Tremuloides Bark Extract, Melaleuca Alternifolia (Tea Tree) Leaf Oil, Barium Sulfate, Kaolin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Water, Micrococcus Lysate, Ganoderma Lucidum (Mushroom) Stem Extract, Serenoa Serrulata Fruit Extract, Propylene Carbonate, Limonene. May Contain (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499).
Water, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Cyclopentasiloxane, Zinc Stearate, Glycerin, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Sorbitan Isostearate, Propylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Caprylyl Dimethicone Ethoxy Glucoside, Isononyl Isononanoate, Sodium Chloride, Cetyl Dimethicone, Squalane, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Disodium Edta, Potassium Sorbate, Chlorphenesin, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbitol, Mica, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Tocopherol, Laureth-4, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Lavandula Stoechas Extract, Rosa Canina Fruit Extract, Bht, [+/- (May Contain): Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides)].
Active Ingredient: Salicylic Acid; Inactive Ingredients: Phenyl Trimethicone, Octyldodecanol, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Stearyl Dimethicone, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Candelilla Cera/ Cire de candelilla, Ozokerite, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire d'abeille, Polyethylene, Allyl Methacrylates Crosspolymer, Camellia Oleifera (Green Tea) Leaf Extract, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tocopherol, Retinyl Palmitate, Tridecyl Stearate, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Propylene Carbonate, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Dimethiconol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain/Peut Contenir (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
DIMETHICONE , ISODODECANE , DIMETHICONE SILYLATE , PHENYL TRIMETHICONE , SILICA , POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE , LECITHIN , GLYCYRRHIZA GLABRA (LICORICE) ROOT EXTRACT , CUCUMIS SATIVUS (CUCUMBER) FRUIT EXTRACT , PYRUS MALUS (APPLE) FRUIT EXTRACT , SCUTELLARIA BAICALENSIS ROOT EXTRACT , BISABOLOL , PEG-10 DIMETHICONE , DIMETHOXYTOLYL PROPYLRESORCINOL , CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE , DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE , WATERAQUAEAU , PROPYLENE CARBONATE , TOCOPHERYL LINOLEATE/OLEATE , SORBITAN SESQUIOLEATE , TETRAHEXYLDECYL ASCORBATE , TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE , POLYMETHYLSILSESQUIOXANE , HYDROGENATED POLYDECENE , CAPRYLYL GLYCOL , BUTYLENE GLYCOL , LINOLEIC ACID , GLYCYRRHETINIC ACID , [+/- MICA , TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77491) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77492) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77499)]
C12-15 ALKYL BENZOATE, ISONONYL ISONONANOATE, ISODECYL ISONONANOATE, POLYETHYLENE, MICA, HELIANTHUS ANNUUS SEED CERA (HELIANTHUS ANNUUS (SUNFLOWER) SEED WAX), SILICA SILYLATE, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, DICALCIUM PHOSPHATE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE, SILICA DIMETHYL SILYLATE, SOLANUM LYCOPERSICUM SEED OIL, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, PROPYLENE GLYCOL DICAPRYLATE/DICAPRATE, SODIUM HYALURONATE, GOSSYPIUM HERBACEUM EXTRACT (GOSSYPIUM HERBACEUM (COTTON) EXTRACT). MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891 (TITANIUM DIOXIDE), CI 77492 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77491 (IRON OXIDES), CI 77499 (IRON OXIDES). 
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Octyldodecanol, Talc, Cyclopentasiloxane, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Cyclohexasiloxane, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Methyl Methacrylate/Glycol Dimethacrylate Crosspolymer, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Ozokerite, Mauritia Flexuosa Fruit Oil, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Tocopheryl Acetate, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Tribehenin, Ceramide 2, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Peg-10 Rapeseed Sterol, Stearoxy Dimethicone, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Propylparaben; May Contain (): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Brassica oleracea (Broccoli) Seed Oil, Coconut Alkanes (and) Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Silica, GRESSA Healing ComplexTM *Silymarin, *Neem (Azadirachta indica) Extract,*Horsetail (Equisetum arvense) Extract, *Lemon Balm (Melissa officianalis) Extract, *Barberry (Berberis vulgaris) Extract, *Sea Buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) Seed Extract, *Elder Flower (Sambucus nigra) Extract, *Bitter Melon (Momordica charantia) Extract, Licorice Root (Glycyrrhiza glabra) Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate Non-GMO, Coenzyme Q10, Ascorbyl tetraisopalmitate, (Vitamin C), *lecithin, *glycerin, mica, iron oxides, titanium oxide.
TIGI Bed Head Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.37 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Flower Beauty E.E. Erase Everything Ultimate Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $12.98 and contains 0.57 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Flower Beauty BB Cream is a Foundation that retails for $12.98 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Flower Beauty About Face Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $13.98 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 13 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Flower Beauty Powder Trip Powder Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $9.98 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Flower Beauty Skincognito Stick Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $8.98 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Dimethicone, Cyclopentasiloxane, Phenyl Trimethicone, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Cyclohexasiloxane, Caprylyl Methicone, Trisiloxane, Pentylene Glycol, PEG-8 Dimethicone, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Magnesium Sulfate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Stearic Acid, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Alumina, Ethylhexylglycerin, Disodium EDTA, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Water, Isododecane, Methyl Trimethicone, Dimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Alcohol Denat., Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Lauryl PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Pentylene Glycol, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Magnesium Sulfate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Propylene Carbonate, Stearic Acid, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Alumina, Ethylhexylglycerin, Disodium EDTA, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Brassica oleracea (Broccoli) Seed Oil, Coconut Alkanes (and) Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Silica, GRESSA Healing ComplexTM *Silymarin, *Neem (Azadirachta indica) Extract,*Horsetail (Equisetum arvense) Extract, *Lemon Balm (Melissa officianalis) Extract, *Barberry (Berberis vulgaris) Extract, *Sea Buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) Seed Extract, *Elder Flower (Sambucus nigra) Extract, *Bitter Melon (Momordica charantia) Extract, Licorice Root (Glycyrrhiza glabra) Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate Non-GMO, Coenzyme Q10, Ascorbyl tetraisopalmitate, (Vitamin C), *lecithin, *glycerin, mica, iron oxides, titanium oxide.
Aqua/water, dimethicone, glycerin, synthetic fluorphlogopite, hydroxyethyl acrylate/sodium acryloyldimethyl taurate copolymer, dimethicone crosspolymer, triethanolamine, salicylic acid, aluminum hydroxide, phenoxyethanol, disodium stearoyl glutamate, eperua falcata bark extract, dextrin [+/- may contain] CI 77891 / titanium dioxide pigment, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / iron oxides
Guerlain Météorites Baby Glow is a Foundation that retails for $54.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Seed Oil•, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil•, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch•, Cera Alba•, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax•, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil•, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil•, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glyceryl Stearate, Talc, Gallic Acid, May Contain +/- CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491(Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides)
Nuance Flawless Finish Liquid Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $14.99 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get Glowing! The Catrice Highlighting Powder comes as a soft and velvety powder with a pearl effect. This innovation leaves radiant light reflections as well as a soft glow on the skin. Apply to all the areas of the face that want to shine a bit brighter - cheekbones, brown bone and inner corner of the eye. Paraben free. Not tested on animals.
NARS Dual-Intensity Blush Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Lauroyl Lysine, Nylon-12, Isononyl Isononanoate, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Magnesium Stearate, Methicone, Hydrogenated Palm Oil, Salicylic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Calcium Pantothenate, Zinc Gluconate, Manganese Gluconate, Magnesium Gluconate, Copper PCA. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Water/Aqua/Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Cyclohexasiloxane, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Butylene Glycol, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Sodium Chloride, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Triethyl Citrate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Aluminum Hydroxide, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Parfum/Fragrance, Amyl Cinnamal, Benzyl Salicylate, Geraniol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal, Limonene, Linalool, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Ulmus Davidiana Root Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Convallaria Majalis Bulb/Root Extract, Leontopodium Alpinum Flower/Leaf Extract, Lilium Candidum Flower Extract, Magnolia Liliflora Flower Extract, Paeonia Lactiflora Root Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Tocopherol, TBHQ, Ethylhexylglycerin, Disodium EDTA. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Active: Octinoxate 7.5%, Zinc Oxide 2.4%. Inactive: Dimethicone, Polyethylene Neopentyl Glycol, Diheptanoate, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polyisobutene, Caprylyl Methicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Boron Nitride, Ozokerite, Sorbitan, Trioleate, Kaolin, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Hyaluronic Acid, Atelocollagen, Tocopherol, Soluble Collagen, Tripeptide-29, Sodium Hyaluronate, Trisiloxane, Isostearyl Behenate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Cetyl PEG / PPG-10 / 1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Dimethicone / Bis-Isobutyl PPG-20 Crosspolymer, Isopropyl, Titanium Triisostearate, Triethyl Citrate, Phospholipids, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sodium Chondroitin Sulfate, Silica, Dimethyl Silylate, Sorbic Acid. May Contain: Mica Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Aqua / Water / Eau, Dimethicone, Isododecane, Polypropylsilsesquioxane, C30-45 Alkyldimethylsilyl Polypropylsilsesquioxane, Silica, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Dimethicone / Polyglycerin-3 Crosspolymer, Sodium Chloride, Nylon-12, Phenoxyethanol, 3-O-Ethyl Ascorbic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Panthenol, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Disodium Edta, Acrylonitrile / Methyl Methacrylate / Vinylidene Chloride, Copolymer, Aluminum Hydroxide, Dipropylene Glycol, Zinc Gluconate, Magnesium Aspartate, Paraffin, Copper Gluconate. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Talc, Zea Mays Starch/Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Triethylhexanoin, Silica, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Dimethiconol, Zea Mays Germ Oil/Zea Mays (Corn) Germ Oil, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate, Potassium Sorbate, Chlorphenesin.
Water / Eau, Cyclopentasiloxane, Propylene Glycol, Talc, Dimethicone, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Sodium Chloride, PEG / PPG-18 / 18 Dimethicone, PVP, Silica, Benzyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Acrylonitrile / Methyl Methacrylate / Vinylidene Chloride Copolymer, Trihydroxystearin, Arachidyl Behenate, Methicone, Sodium Benzoate, Synthetic Wax, Hexyl Laurate, Cetyl PEG / PPG-10 / 1 Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Ethylene Brassylate, Behenic Acid, Polyethylene. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Water/Aqua, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Glycerin, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Polyglyceryl-3 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Dimethicone, Sorbitan Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Cyclohexasiloxane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Triethoxysilylethyl Polydimethylsiloxyethy Hexyl Dimethicone, Mica, Dimethyl MEA, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Phenoxyethanol, Glycolic Acid, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Caprylyl Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Tocopheryl Linoleate/Oleate, Lecithin, Tribehenin, Citric Acid, Xanthan Gum, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol, PEG-8, Fragrance/Parfum, Polyacrylamide, Sodium Lactate, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Disodium EDTA, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Tocopherol, Ceramide 2, Phoenix Dactylifera (Date) Fruit Extract, PEG-10 Rapeseed Sterol, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Laureth-7, Thioctic Acid Silica, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Limonene, Linalool, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Ascorbic Acid, Sodium Hyaluronate, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide.
Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Water/Aqua, Titanium Dioxide CI 77891), PEG-10 Dimethicone, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Methyl Trimethicone, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Acrylates/Dimethicone Copolymer, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Sodium Chloride, Silica, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Ethyl Ferulate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Sodium Lactate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Phoenix Dactylifera (Date) Fruit Extract, Potassium Sorbate, Disodium EDTA, Thioctic Acid, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Hexylene Glycol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Dimethyl MEA, Tocopheryl Acetate, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-5.
Active Ingredient: Zinc Oxide 13.6%. Inactive Ingredients: Water (Aqua, Eau)‬, Coconut Alkanes‬, Glycerin‬, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride‬, Isoamyl Laurate‬, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate‬, Dextrin Palmitate‬, Glyceryl Caprylate‬, Lecithin‬, Polyglyceryl-2 Diisostearate‬, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate‬, Sodium Chloride‬, Calendula Officinalis (Marigold) Flower Extract‬, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract‬, Passiflora Incarnata Seed Oil, Passiflora Edulis Seed Oil, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract‬, Allantoin‬, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil‬, Panthenol‬, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil‬, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil‬, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil‬, Bisabolol‬, Tocopherol‬, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil‬, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice‬, Citrus Aurantium Amara (Bitter Orange) Flower Water Extract‬, Sorbitan Sesquioleate‬, Stearoyl Glutamic Acid‬, Isostearic Acid‬, Polyhydroxystearic Acid‬, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate‬, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate‬, Sodium Benzoate‬, Citric Acid‬, Potassium Sorbate‬. May Contain +/: Mica (CI 77019), Iron Oxides (CI 77491/77492/77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)
Active: Zinc Oxide 13.6%. Inactive: Water (Aqua, Eau), Coconut Alkanes, Glycerin, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Isoamyl Laurate, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate, Glyceryl Caprylate, Lecithin, Dextrin Palmitate, Polyglyceryl-2 Diisostearate, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate, Sodium Chloride, Calendula Officinalis (Marigold) Flower Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Citrus Aurantium Amara (Bitter Orange) Flower Water Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Allantoin, Panthenol, Squalane, Bisabolol, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Stearoyl Glutamic Acid, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Isostearic Acid, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Sodium Benzoate, Citric Acid, Potassium Sorbate. May Contain: Mica (CI 77019), Iron Oxides (CI 77491/77492/77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Mica, Castor Isostearate Beeswax Succinate, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Silica, Lauroyl Lysine, Glyceryl Behenate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Copernicia Cerifera Cera, Cire de Carnauba), Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Calendula Officinalis (Marigold) Flower Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Tocopherol, Glycerin, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Water (Aqua, Eau), Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491/77492/77499).
Silica, Talc, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Cereus Grandiflorus (Cactus) Flower Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Chlorella Minutissima Extract, Water/Aqua/Eau, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Hydroxyapatite, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Phenyl Trimethicone, Lauroyl Lysine, Methicone, Allantoin, Ethylhexylglycerin, Dimethiconol Fluoroalcohol Dilinoleic Acid, Alumina, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499).
Water/Eau/Aqua, Cyclopentasiloxane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Isononyl Isononanoate, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Benzimidazole Diamond Amidoethyl Urea Carbamoyl Propyl Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Propanediol, Glycerin, Althaea Officinalis Leaf Extract, Melissa Officinalis Leaf Extract, Vaccinium Myrtillus Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Tribehenin, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Glyceryl Behenate, Propylene Carbonate, Polyethylene, Glyceryl Dibehenate, Microcrystalline Wax/Cire Microcrystalline/Cera Microcristallina, Ethylhexylglycerin, Magnesium Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Benzoate, Hexylresorcinol, Possium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
C12- 15 Alkyl Benzoate, Isononyl Isononanoate, Isodecyl Isononanoate, Polyetheylene, Dicalcium Phosphate, Helianthus Annuus Seed Cera (Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax), Silica Silylate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tocopheryl Acetate, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di- T Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Mica, Pearl Powder, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic / Capric Triglyceride, Plankton Extract, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Butylene Glycol, Sodium Hyaluronate. May Contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77007 (Ultramarines).
Octyldodecanol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyisobutene, Talc, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Microcrystalline Wax, Cyclopentasiloxane, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Ozokerite, Stearalkonium Hectorite, Cyclohexasiloxane, Silica, Stearoxy Dimethicone, Propylene Carbonate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Mica.
Active: Titanium Dioxide, Zinc Oxide. Inactive: Water, Dimethicone, Cyclopentasiloxane, Caprylic / Capric Triglyceride, Glycerin, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Mica, Polysilicone-11, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Sodium Chloride, Alumina, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Caprylyl Glycol, Castor Oil Phosphate, Disodium EDTA, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol, PEG / PPG-18 / 18 Dimethicone, Salix Alba (Willow) Bark Extract, Silica, Sodium Hydroxide, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Tin Oxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Xanthan Gum, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Trimethylolpropane Triisostearate, Dimethicone, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Lauryl PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Glycerin, Mica, HDI / Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, C20-24 Alkyl Dimethicone, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate / Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Sodium Chloride, Stearic Acid, Pentylene Glycol, Tropaeolum Majus Flower / Leaf / Stem Extract, Lactic Acid, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tocopherol, Boron Nitride, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Dimethicone / PEG-10 / 15 Crosspolymer, Dipropylene Glycol, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Lauroyl Lysine, Lecithin, Nylon-12, PEG / PPG-18 / 18 Dimethicone, Polyethylene, Polysilicone-11, Polysorbate 60, Propylene Carbonate, Silica, Sodium Citrate, Sodium Polyacrylate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Tetrasodium EDTA, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Phenoxyethanol, Hexylene Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Caprylyl Glycol. May Contain: Iron Oxides , Titanium Dioxide.
Cocos Nucifera (Organic Coconut Oil)*, Ricinus Communis (Organic Castor Seed Oil)*, Copernicia Cerifera (Organic Carnauba Wax)*, Simmondsia Chinensis (Organic Jojoba Seed Oil)*, Vitis Vinifera (Organic Grape Seed Oil)*, Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate (Vitamin C), Citrus Limonum Leaf Cell Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower Seed Oil), Argania Spinosa (Argan Shell Powder), Rosa Gallica (Rose Flower Powder). May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Caprylic Capric/Triglycerides, Triethoxycaprylsilance, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Octyldodecanol, Candelilla (Euphorbia Cerifera) Wax, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, C18-36 Acid Triglyceride, Pentaerythrityl Adipate/Caprate/Caprylate Heptanoate, Tribehenin, Hydrogenated Rosinate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Bisabolol, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate. May Contain: Iron Oxides (C.I. 77492), Iron Oxides (C.I. 77491), Iron Oxides (C.I. 77499), Mica Cl 77019, Titanium Dioxide Cl 77891
Bobbi Brown Skin Foundation Cushion Compact SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 0.45 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Yves Rocher Pure Light is a Foundation that retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Zelens Age Control Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $105.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Yves Rocher Flawless Skin Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $23.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel Stay Matte is an oil-absorbing pressed powder that leaves you with a flawless, shine-free complexion. Helps to minimize the appearance of large pores. Dermatologically tested.
L'Oreal Nude Magique Cushion Foundation (UK) is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal True Match Super Blendable Liquid Foundation (Asia) is a Foundation. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Miracle Cushion Foundation (Int'l) is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Pure Porcelaine 01 is a luminous finish.
L'Oreal Infallible 24H Matte Foundation (Int'l) is a Foundation. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Porcelain 10 is a matte finish.
L'Oreal Infallible 24H Stay Fresh Foundation (Int'l) is a Foundation. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Rose Beige 145 is a natural finish.
Clinique Anti Blemish BB Cream SPF40 (UK) is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
OCTINOXATE (ETHYLHEXYL METHOXYCINNAMATE) 6.00%, TITANIUM DIOXIDE 1.59%, OXYBENZONE (BENZOPHENONE-3) 2.00%. OTHERS/AUTRES: TALC, SILICA, MICA, NYLON-12, PHENYL TRIMETHICONE, POLYETHYLENE, ISONONYL ISONONANOATE, LAUROYL LYSINE, ALUMINUM DIMYRISTATE, TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE, PHENOXYETHANOL, DISODIUM STEAROYL GLUTAMATE, ETHYLENE/ACRYLIC ACID COPOLYMER, METHICONE, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, ALUMINA, POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE, BHT. [+/-: BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163), TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), CARMINE (CI 75470), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)]. 
L'Oreal Lucent Magique Liquid Foundation SPF24 PA+++ (Asia) is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This sheer illuminating powder is infused with soft-focus pigments to flatter all skin types with a candle-lit, radiant glow. Wear it alone, as a finishing powder after foundation, or as a highlighter only where you want it. 
Our Be Legendary blend of intense pigments and luxurious emollients saturates lips with brilliant color that looks amazing and feels feather-light. We created and tested every hue in our L.A. photo studio to guarantee color stays true in photographs and stays put throughout an all day shoot. 
Our Be Legendary blend of intense pigments and luxurious emollients saturates lips with brilliant color that looks amazing and feels feather-light. We created and tested every hue in our L.A. photo studio to guarantee color stays true in photographs and stays put throughout an all day shoot
Inspired by the golden pink hues of a Telluride sunset, this light-reflective powder delivers high-impact, buildable radiance. Comes in a limited-edition mirrored compact.
10-Color Expert Eye Palette. This palette was directly inspired by the fabrics of Yves Saint Laurent's creative studio in Paris. From pale to deep and matte to shimmery, create infinite signature YSL looks. The long, sleek couture case also features a dual ended expert applicator for optimal flexibility and color payoff.
Wake up the skin, and provide natural color with a radiant, healthy glow for a flawless, no-makeup look. Sheer, buildable coverage lets you customize your glow, while the modern, multidimensional matte finish imparts a hint of soft luminosity. The bronze shades provide a neutral warmth in varying intensities. The ultralightweight formula feels weightless on skin and applies smoothly and blends effortlessly. The smooth, silky, velvety texture feels comfortable, while the long-wearing formula lasts up to eight hours and stays color-true without oxidizing for an even wear. Each tile is hand-mixed with a unique design. 
Ultra Metallic Lip is a super intense metalized liquid lipstick that is dripping with high impact metallic pearls. This non-drying formula was created to be luxurious, smooth and leave a super comfortable feel on the lips. While the formula is not completely transfer resistant, it is extremely long wearing!
Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Ozokerite, Magnesium Stearate, Isononyl Isononanoate, Nylon 12, Caprylyl Methicone, Paraffinum Liquidum, Polybutene, Magnesium Aluminium Silicate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. May Contain +/- Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Red Iron Oxide (Ci 77491), Yellow Iron Oxide (Ci 77492), Black Iron Oxide (Ci 77499), Ferric Ferrocyanide (Ci 77510).
Sleek MakeUP Cream Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sleek MakeUP Baked Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Sleek MakeUP Powder Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Define and highlight your best features with YSL Couture Contouring Palette. Create a customized, naturally sculpted look with the matte contour shade to shape and the light highlighting shade to illuminate. The creamy powder formula blends effortlessly into skin, allowing for a flawless natural application without any harsh lines. Use the deeper shade to add buildable definition on areas of the face you want to slim and define, such as the hollows of the cheeks, jawline, and sides of the nose. The lighter shade illuminates areas of the face you wish to highlight, including the tops of cheekbones, under the brow, and the cupids bow. Made in France.
YSL Couture Contouring Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Couture Contouring Highlight Powder is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Velvet Eyeliners add rich dimension with pigments that glide on smooth and blend evenly, creating the perfect base for smoky lids or a fine line for a bold look.
MAC Powder Blush (Small) is a Blush that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.05 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A richly pigmented full-coverage lipstick with a creamy satin finish.
Create an illuminating look with our lightweight, shimmering baked highlighter. The Dose of Colors Baked Highlighters help skin appear youthful, healthy and clear.
A gloss in a wide colour range that can create a glass-like finish or a subtle sheen. All Sized to Go products are totally tote-able in an airport-friendly size of 30ml or less.
A luxurious powder blush provides sumptuous color inspired by the elusive Tom Ford Orchid with ease and consistency. Applies evenly, adheres lightly to skin to achieve a natural looking application of color.
Paint your pout with gilded glamour. Introducing 8 limited edition shades of new metallic matte liquid lip crème. Bold and richly pigmented, these metallic liquid lip colors shine with a soft luster and dry to a smooth matte finish—without drying out your lips. Waterproof and kiss-approved, each Amore Mattallics Lip Crème delivers up to 16 hours of wear. Remove with an oil-based longwear lip color remover. 
Loubilaque Lip Lacquer is Christian Louboutin's most dramatic lip formula to date. The brilliant and intense, glassy shine of Loubilaque appears to magnify the color on lips. Bold, sexy, and arresting, they feature eight shades, ranging from nude to bright hues, including the brand’s iconic Rouge Louboutin shade. Specially formulated to reflect light, this lip color takes on brilliant dimension. In keeping with Christian Louboutin’s vision of beauty as objet d’art, the bottle is designed with thick clear walls, and is carved with an intricate mermaid tail pattern to encapsulate the opulent color like an elixir. Encased in a jewelry-like box with a hand-stitched silk carrying pouch and silk ribbon.

Serpentina Eyeshadow Palette captures the opulence and beauty of ancient Egypt with a versatile design—unlike any other Kat Von D palette. The configuration features eight pressed powders in matte and metallic shimmer finishes, plus a removable jar of gold loose pigment for ultimate versatility. This signature triple-milled, high-pigment eye shadow formula delivers instant, true color payoff and silky blendability, so you can experiment with layering and mix and match finishes for a stunning dimensional look. Then, let your creativity run wild with Prophet, the gold loose pigment. From gilding lids to flecking brows, this little pot takes Serpentina to the next level. With exclusive artwork hand-drawn by Kat Von D, this palette will inspire you to channel your inner Egyptian queen to create rich, jeweled eye looks. 
Kat Von D Loose Pigment is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Made of natural fibers, these cruelty-free lashes are light weight making them perfect for a super natural look, stacking, and all-day comfort. Designed by Lash Guru, Huda Kattan to be the most beautiful lashes you will ever wear. Lashes can be used multiple times, depending on care. Please see our video on how to care for your lashes to improve the quality and usage of your lashes. For best application, please see our quick video on how to apply lashes. Glue sold separately.
Our hand crafted, triple stacked, 3D Faux Mink Lashes are one of a kind. The (patent pending) tapered fibers give the appearance of Real Mink Fur. The placement of the lashes on the band are in the three intricate layers, which help accentuate the fluffiness of the lash, while giving you drama in a soft yet incredibly beautiful way. They are ideal for eyes with larger lids and prominent brow bones, or for women who like heavy makeup. Glue sold separately.
Named after screen siren, Sophia Loren, gives ladies the ultimate cat eye with its dramatic winged look. Creating a mystical and very sexy effect, admirers will be left wanting to know more about her. Glue sold separately.
A line of easy-glide contouring and filling lip pencils featuring intense color payoff and a matte finish. Balance and beautify your lips with the Lip Contour Matte Lip Pencil to address flat lips, thin lips, wide or narrow mouth, or uneven shape. These easy-glide lip pencils are simple to use and provide an intense payoff with a matte finish in a single swipe. Each shade is waterproof and transfer-proof and can be used alone or combined for the perfect lip look.
Huda Beauty Lash Glue is the fastest drying, blackest and strongest lash glue created. It dries completely within seconds of applying, and is waterproof, meaning it won’t budge through the day no matter what situation life brings you.
Created to give you a quick and trendy nail application within minutes. Simply use the kit to shape, glue and apply your favorite nail art set, and enjoy flawless nails for days. You can remove after one day, or leave your nails on for a few days, the wear ability is up to you. Great for trend trendsetters, working women, moms, and other women who want beautiful nails on the go!
Take your lashes to the limit with ultra-black Fierce Volume Mascara, for plumping and precision in a few foolproof strokes. The secret's in our unique multitasking brush, designed to coat every last lash. First, use the flat side for initial root-to-tip application, then build full and fabulous lashes with the bristle side for maximum volume. Use the specially crafted brush tip to define bottom lashes and hard-to-reach inner corners.
Get the look of long, sexy lashes with this buildable, high definition mascara. The unique short-to-medium bristle brush with spiral hourglass shape lifts and separates lashes for a lengthened and defined effect.
This is the ultimate long-wearing retractable brow pencil. The ultra-fine precision tip lets you define your arches and fill in gaps, while the spooley end blends for a natural finish.
Keeping your brows looking perfectly groomed is easy with this multitasking gel. Flawless Brow Gel has a flexible hold that sets, defines and conditions without becoming stiff or flaky.
Designed to achieve the look of full natural brows, this hard pencil gives you the control and precision necessary to create hair-like strokes. The dual-ended pencil with spooley brush lets you to brush and blend for perfectly flawless brows
Studio Pro Waterproof Eye Primer is an eyeshadow magnet that locks down eyeshadow for hours! Designed for beauties that put their eye makeup to the test of time, this formula creates a crease proof, waterproof base for your eyelids and ensures a long lasting, smooth application of eyeshadow. Made in the USA.
Say eye do to this multipurpose shadow primer and give lids a smooth, even-toned surface for seamless application of your favorite powder or cream eyeshadows. The super-long-wearing formula -- which goes on creamy and dries to a soft matte finish -- also hides imperfections and works as an easy-to-blend eyeshadow on its own. It's available in four pale, matte shades -- pink, peach, and yellow, plus an icy white shimmer -- to suit a variety of complexions and makeup looks.
Isododecane, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Dimethicone, Silica, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecanol, Polyethylene, Trihydroxystearin, Propylene Carbonate, Lecithin, Tocopheryl Acetate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax / Copernicia Cerifera Cera / Cire de Carnauba, Isohexadecane, BHT, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)].
Give your clients precision eyeliner application with this ultra-creamy gel liner formula. This highly-pigmented eyeliner glides on smooth and dries quickly for a smudge-proof, waterproof finish that lasts all day.
Glitter is always an option with this easy-to-use, water-based eyeliner. The quick-drying, super-fine glitter is buildable, applies easily and stays put all day so all eyes (and all the sparkle) stay on you.
Easy to use and quick-drying, this highly-pigmented liquid eyeliner has a perfectly thin tip to achieve precise application. Go from thin and defined to bold and dramatic in just one stroke! Its long-lasting smudge-proof formula ensures that your look will hold up on even the longest days.
BH Party Girl Waterproof Gel Eyeliner Pencils are the perfect eyeliner pencils for those addicted to long-wearing color! These specially formulated gel eyeliner pencils glide on smoothly, lock on for all day melt-proof wear and can be smudged to create drama or add depth to any eye look!
This ultra-waterproof eye crayon does double duty as a liner or eyeshadow. Choose from subtle and dramatic shades that glide on smoothly with buildable coverage to enhance, define or highlight your eyes.
Dramatic yet realistic, our Foxy lashes are hand-knotted for the perfect finish. They're made with high-quality synthetic hair in varying lengths for a perfectly natural look.
Our collection of sparkling loose glitter makeup comes in an amazing array of shades, from radiant reds to dazzling purples. Incredibly versatile, they can be used to add a twinkle to your eyes, a shimmer to your lips or as a face highlighter! To apply, pat onto skin with a damp brush and let dry.
Dirt, oil and makeup are no match for this gentle, oil-free makeup removing towelette. The blend of papaya, pineapple, cucumber, marshmallow and chamomile extracts along with vitamin E instantly soothes and refreshes the skin on contact. Perfect for all skin types.
This is a sharpener to bring the pretty back to that pencil! This essential makeup tool sharpens a standard-sized of pencil, such as our Waterproof Eye Liners and Waterproof Lip Liners. 
Remove tough makeup formulas (even waterproof mascara!) with our Eye & Lip Makeup Remover. This dual-emulsion formula is botanically infused with aloe and orange fruit water, which lightly condition the skin while gently breaking down makeup to leave your skin feeling clean and soft. Paraben-free. Made in USA.
Every beauty needs some curl power! Our Eyelash Curler has ergonomic comfort grips for precise curling of those lovely lashes. The strong yet gentle spring closure ensures a long-lasting finish.
Apply false lashes in a flash with our pretty pink False Eyelash Applicator. Rounded edges grip the false lash while you place it onto your lash line. Use the rubber tip on the opposite end to gently press lashes into place. Easy application with less mess!
Add a petal-soft pop of dreamy, creamy color to cheeks and lips with our Cream Cheek and Lip Tint. The dual-purpose product imparts a fresh, youthful flush that looks like the real thing. It goes on sheer and blends beautifully into skin for a hush of blush and builds to a deeper, more dramatic hue if desired. It's the easiest way to glow on the go! Available in six yummy shades -- from apricot to berry -- to flatter a variety of skin tones.
Enhance your inner radiance with this soft-focus blush. Pure micro-pigments baked on Italian terracotta tiles provide a seamless, multi-dimensional finish. The airy, lightweight powders are buildable and blend effortlessly into the skin. From silky satins to beaming shimmers, this blush adds a natural flush of color and a healthy glow to the complexion.
Give your makeup all-day staying power with our Studio Pro Makeup Setting Spray, a magical mist that resists sweating, rubbing, and fading. Also soothes skin with rosewater and aloe. 
Keep your complexion looking fresh and shine free with BH Studio Pro Anti Shine. Tap this invisible lightweight gel over or under your makeup to mattify the skin, reduce the appearance of large pores and absorb excess oil!
BH Studio Pro Foundation Primer preps your skin for an all-day flawless application of your favorite foundation. This oil free formula instantly minimizes fine lines and pore appearance; skin is smoothed, and ready for makeup. Wear alone or under any complexion liquids or powders for an airbrush finish that lasts!
Oily areas on your face? Use a sheet of BH Studio Pro Oil Blotting Paper and dab over shiny/oily areas to mattify and reduce shiny skin
Perfect your look with our luxurious Small Flocked Puff sponge, a classic makeup tool that glides smoothly over skin to ensure clean, precise application of loose and pressed powders. Use it to pat on powder, then press it into skin to set foundation and concealer. Our superior puff provides a flawless finish and comes in sets of three.
The powder puff has been a makeup staple since the Golden Age of Hollywood, when glamorous screen sirens used it to give their skin a flawless, velvety look on camera. This classic tool has never gone out of style, and you can get the same gorgeous look with our Large Cotton Puff. The soft cotton fibers of this premier puff pick up just enough of your favorite pressed or loose powder and distribute it evenly on the skin to set foundation and concealer and cut shine.
Achieve ultimate complexion perfection with the BH Studio Pro Beauty Sponge. Its unique shape gives you foolproof application control, allowing you to cover every inch of your canvas. The pointed end is ideal for hard-to-reach spots like the corners of your nose and around the eyes, or for covering imperfections. The rounded base blends the larger areas of your face for an undetectable finish. Our beauty sponge is latex free, hypoallergenic and odor free.
Put more pow in your pout with our BH Liquid Lipstick, a luscious, long-wearing, full-coverage formula that goes on wet and dries to a soft matte finish that won't smudge, budge, or transfer. Infused with Vitamin E for antioxidant protection, this high-performance, high-fashion lipstick adds effortless glam to any look with just one swipe. It's available in 10 colors, from baby pink to smoldering red to edgy blackberry, for day-to-night versatility. Talk about a smart mouth!
Make the ultimate statement when you swipe on this intense, pigment-rich lipstick. From shocking neon to delicate pastels, you'll find a shade to match your mood. A blend of vitamin E, argan oil and cupuacu seed butter delivers comfortable, creamy color with long-lasting wear and flawless coverage in a single stroke.
Put on a pout with maximum staying power using Missy Lynn Color Lock lipstick. The inspirational 2013 Beauty Blogger of the Year, also known as Start2Finish MUA, curated our killer collection of four intense matte shades: dark berry, deep brown, earthy beige and nude/peach. Unlike so many mattes that go on dry and keep lips feeling parched, the nourishing shea butter and Vitamin E formula goes on creamy and keeps lips soft and comfortable all day.
Lock in the color of your lipstick with this rich and creamy, long-wearing matte lipstick. Bold pigments stay in place all day while shea butter nourishes skin for soft and beautiful lips.
Add a pop of color and shine in just one swipe. Infused with lip quenching jojoba seed oil, coconut oil, shea butter and aloe for ultra smooth and soft lips. The moisturizing texture gives lips a natural flush. For more intense color, add an additional layer!
Make your lips an accessory with this ultra luxe, moisture-rich and highly pigmented lipstick. It's enriched with shea butter to moisturize and vitamin E to protect for a sleek and velvety finish.
Take your lips to the limit and indulge in the tempting tones of our Enhancing Lip Gloss, a slick, sexy pop of color that perfects your pout and makes your mouth the center of attention. The luscious, full-coverage formula features anti-aging and hydrating benefits and plumps lips for decadent va-va-voom volume, adding a glam gleam to any look with a single swipe. Available in six sumptuous satin or pearl shades including nude, pink, peach and fuchsia. Delish!
Pamper your pout with Forever Nude Aqua Gloss, the ultimate multitasking lip gloss that naturally hydrates and nourishes. Pigment-rich shades stay put all day with a high-shine finish -- and no sticky mess. Chock full of good-for-you ingredients, this amazing formula includes Kalperiane TM(Brown Algae), plus jojoba and vitamin E oils to hydrate, nourish and condition skin.
Go for a glam look with this intensely hued and brilliantly shiny lip gloss. The lightweight, non-sticky formula is perfect for any setting -- and a range of hues from sheer naturals to rich pops of color create the ideal finish for any look.
Line and define your lips for all-day smudge-resistant and waterproof wear with our intensely pigmented Waterproof Lip Liners. Featuring Jojoba Seed Oil and vitamin E, this smooth formula easily glides on and shapes lips for sheer to maximum definition. Pair with your favorite BH lip color and your pout is perfect!
Loose eyeshadow with highly concentrated pure color pigment: Everybody wants to be a Party Girl! Use a little for a sheer, subtle wash of color or pack it on for a dramatic, intense look. Long-lasting, blendable pigments never look streaky or cakey so you always get exactly the look you want.
Our Kabuki Brush has soft, thick bristles for the best pick-up of pressed or loose powder. Create that special look for your night on the town with this brush! This brush comes in a small pouch.
Our Lip Liner Brush is a dainty and precise tool, perfect for a smooth glide-on of luscious lip color. Pouty, sassy, and kissable lips are easy to create!
Here's a new angle on beauty: now you can apply and shape your favorite BH Cosmetics eyeshadows with sleek precision, like a pro! This Angled Shadow Brush's plush, silky bristles, crafted at an oh-so-effective slant, make sure of it.
Smoldering beauties need just the right smokey effect, and this Smudge Brush can help you achieve it! The rounded brush head makes smokey eye looks easy to create.
Stand out in a crowd with sleekly-applied eyeliner: This brush gives you complete control! Our Flat Liner Brush has soft bristles that are geometrically aligned to smoothly apply all of your favorite liquid, powder or cream liners liners. No more jittery lines!
Thicker and fuller than other brushes, our Deluxe Foundation Brush lets you evenly apply liquid and cream foundations for a flawless finish. It's also perfect for applying concealer!
The Small Concealer Brush has a small brush head and durable handle to let you apply concealer with precision. Use this brush with our 10 Color Concealer Palette for a flawless finish.
If you're looking for a flawless face, use our Round Stippling Brush with any liquid foundation to achieve that airbrushed look. This brush is made with synthetic hair in order or get the best application possible without absorbing too much product.
The Duo Fiber Stippling Brush is every makeup artist's best friend! Use it to apply powder, liquid, or cream foundations and deposit blush in just the right places. The uniquely engineered bristles give you superior contour control.
Bring out your inner artist! Our Small Smudge Brush is the perfect tool for blending, smudging, lining with precision, and conjuring truly creative looks. Use this tiny, agile brush with any type of eye makeup. It's even perfect for brows!
Light up your face! Our new special Highlighter Brush turns your face into a radiant masterpiece. Ultra-soft, rounded bristles expertly sweep highlighting color and glimmer onto cheekbones and brow areas.
Equipped with impossibly soft, fluffy bristles, our Blending Brush seamlessly blends your most glamorous eyeshadow colors. Use this on your crease, brow bones, and cheeks. The ultimate effect is exquisite!
With a sleek black handle and a shock of silky bristles, this brush is an instant classic! Use it to define all of your favorite blush and contouring effects. It takes your makeup from pretty to powerful in seconds!
Makeup pros are huge fans of this multipurpose Deluxe Fan Brush--and we know that you will be, too! Stunning, black-tipped white bristles softly sweep on setting powders, glowing shimmers, or act as your own personal clean-up crew. The cleverly-engineered fan shape perfectly whisks away any excess makeup or powder.
Apply your face makeup with this plush Powder Brush. The fluffy bristles on the sturdy, professional-feel handle perfectly picks up colors and evenly applies loose and compact powder, bronzer, blush and more!
This sleek, long-handled brush's terrifically tiny bristles expertly apply wet or dry eyeliner gels, powders or liquids for close-up cuteness! Designed for incredibly precise detail, the brush exactly achieves thick or thin eyeliner effects.
You're so fine... and so is this eyeliner brush! There's a fine line between beautiful and brilliant, and this excellent brush masters them both. Ultra-smooth, tapered bristles let you create the thinnest, most delicate eyeliner effects (use our Precision Eyeliner Brush for thicker lines). The result? Subtly stunning.
Get an angle on flawless beauty! Slanted, flexible bristles gorgeously sweep eye shadows or powders wherever you want them: in the crease, across the brow bone, in precise corners, or over the lid. Delightfully versatile, this wonderful brush also works well at defining eyebrows or at extending lines. You'll make a definite impact!
The All-Over Brush is a multi-purpose face and eye makeup brush, perfect for applying blush, highlighters, loose and compact powders, eyeshadow, and more! This soft round brush has natural and synthetic soft bristles that are tightly compacted.
The Classic Smudge Brush's short, tightly-packed bristles offer complete control of eyeshadow blending & smudging to create a fierce, clean smoky eye. It's an essential tool for every fashionista!
Achieve perfect eyeshadow shading and contouring with the Contour Blending Brush. Use this soft and sturdy makeup brush on your eye crease to shade and contour, or use across the brow bone to highlight!
Our Small Duo Fiber Stippling Brush has endless uses! A blend of synthetic and natural fibers makes it ideal for blending, buffing, fluffing and swirling creams, powders and liquids. It's perfect for achieving many different application effects.
This Gold Mini Angled Kabuki Brush is your best friend for blending! Its smooth, synthetic hairs and angled slant seamlessly hug every contour. It's ideal for blending cream and liquid makeup for an HD finish.
With a long wooden handle and soft, strong bristles, this Spooley Brush lets you groom your brows for the perfect finish. It can also double as a lash brush, separating and combing for clump-free definition! It's a must for any brow- and lash-obsessed beauty.
This classic blush brush provides a smooth and soft application for a flawless pop of color. The natural fibers pick up and apply pigment easily for a perfectly blended complexion.
For harder to reach contours, use this brush for liquid, cream or powder products. With the innovative tapered brush head, be precise as ever during your face makeup application. Bristles are made of synthetic fibers.
Our Flat Blending Brush has a soft, large, and flat brush head to let you blend eyeshadow colors and highlight with ease. The flexible natural bristles give you perfect control over blending small or large areas of the eyelid.
Perfect for on-the-go application, this mini kabuki brush is ideal for blush, powder, highlighter and more. Pack it in your clutch or everyday cosmetics bag for the perfect quick fix.
Get a new angle on applying powder and cream makeup with our Brush 34 - Angled Kabuki Brush. The dense, fluffy, super-soft bristles and angled shape make it ideal for sweeping on blush and powder, contouring and blending for a smooth, seamless, professional look.
Fluff on the perfect sheer veil of powder using our cute and compact Brush 35 - Domed Kabuki Brush. The soft, dense, synthetic bristles, easy-to-grip handle and dome shape make it foolproof for picking up, depositing and blending just right amount of product to create a flawless, polished finish.
This dome-shaped, densely bristled Mini Kabuki Brush is ideal for swirling on blush, bronzer, highlighter, and powder. Our lush brush features super-soft synthetic pink ombre bristles and an easy-to-grip handle for precise, even, streak-free application. The compact size makes it convenient to stash into the smallest bag for beauty on the go.
Show your true colors and avoid muddy-looking makeup with our convenient Quick Change residue remover. There's no need to change brushes when switching to another shade of powder eyeshadow or blush. Simply swipe your brush over the special dry sponge in the covered tin to remove any pigment buildup so bristles are clean and ready to dip into another shade. It's as easy as touch and go!
An all-in-one belt with an adjustable waist strap provides hairstylists and makeup artists with convenient and portable storage for brushes, tools and accessories. This belt features 18 spacious compartments in various sizes for optimum storage and organization. The black woven finish provides a sleek look that's sturdy and easy to clean.
BH Studio Pro Makeup Brush Cleaner is designed to quickly remove all traces of makeup between applications. This essential step of your beauty routine disinfects and conditions your brushes, prolonging their life and keeping your face clean and healthy.
A sophisticated, black apron-belt to assist makeup artists in convenient access to their tools! The exciting Pro Artist Brush Belt garment lets you store with style! A variety of multi-sized pouches and pockets neatly stashes all of your favorite brushes and tools.
The ‘Holy Grail’ of beauty, the RMS Master Mixer™ makeup is pioneering a new category in multi-tasking colour cosmetics with the ability to transform any product with a universally flattering rose gold tone. The RMS Beauty Master Mixer™ makeup is the hardest working product on the market, capable of effortlessly blending with any lip, cheek, eye or highlighting product to instantly double and revolutionize the color palette of your existing makeup bag with just one product. The luminous rose gold hue is this season’s most flattering tone for face and body. Subtly gilding and perfecting skin with a warm, golden tone and RMS trade mark ‘lit from within’ effect. The RMS Master Mixer™ makeup is an update on cool strobing and highlighting products of past seasons. This make up magic wand with the ‘Midas Touch’ is set to be the next makeup bag staple loved by professionals and beauty junkies alike.
Our lip2cheek is a unique formula that combines hydration and protection with abundant mineral color for a beautiful, natural finish on both lips and cheeks. The seven lip2cheek colors are the result of over 20 years experience applying makeup to some of the world's most beautiful faces. Created with nourishing organic ingredients, each unique shade can vary from a youthful sheer to a more densely colored stain. 
Purity made simple. A touch of shine on your lips is now both sensuous and nourishing. This colorful, fountain of youth for lips contains buriti oil, which is rich in nutrients. Due to its natural fatty acids, vitamin A and C properties, these lip shines provide extracellular antioxidant protection. Combined with nourishing organic oils and pure mineral pigments, this exotic formula is highly emollient and visibly hydrating. These are sure to become your newest healthy addiction. 
A veil of sheer metallic hues that gives these unique shadows a glowing, light-reflective finish not seen in traditional eye shadows. They have a subtle, glossy quality, giving them a fashion forward finish that is both flattering and youthful. These sensual shadows need to be applied very sparingly and worked into the skin like you would a moisturizer. rms beauty eye polishes have all the benefits of raw mineral pigments without the dryness that occurs with minerals alone. rms beauty eye polishes double as an eye cream to nourish and moisturize the eye area, separating them from commercial eye shadows that can accelerate aging and emphasize lines. These shadows are amazing for dry or aging eyes.
Created with rich mineral pigments and certified organic oils, butters and waxes this mascara will instantly add life to your lashes without flaking, smudging or clumping. Though this formula is not 100% organic we made sure that it is 100% natural and effective! A combination of organic plant waxes and select raw minerals allow this emollient mascara to shape lashes and intensify fullness.
No drying, powder bronzer here. RMS Buriti Bronzer contains wild crafted Buriti oil, the highest oil in Vitamin A and Beta-carotene known to man, pressed from the nuts of Brazil's moriche palm tree. This ultra-sheer cream bronzer is a huge step away from the typical traditional orangey/sparkly bronzers that saturate the market. Bronzers should give the appearance of glowing, healthy, sun-kissed skin and nothing more. An ultra sheer, glowing, cream bronzer without the orange, without the pink and without the grey giving just the right amount of warm, sun kissed skin. Works on all skin tones and doubles as a luminizer for darker skin tones.
Adds definition and dimension to skin with warm, radiant hues of bronze for a true sun-drenched glow. Doubles as a realistic contour.
Each ingredient in this award-winning and skin rejuvenating formula has been carefully selected for its traditional healing abilities. Superior biologically active ingredients support natural skin functions, giving you a visibly healthier appearance. Use regularly to heal, protect and hydrate skin. Helps soften fine lines and give skin a smooth texture.
A beauty oil the way a beauty oil should be…pure, simple and organic. This potent formula is the perfect balance between skin and oil, providing the ultimate in radiance and antioxidant protection. This lightweight yet highly concentrated multi-purpose beauty oil contains only the finest exotic oils and rare herbal extracts. Buriti oil has recently been found to filter and absorb cancer-causing UV rays from the sun. All herbal extracts made in-house exclusively for rms beauty.
The ultimate organic beauty product! This can honestly be called the best makeup remover ever. Removes even the most stubborn mascara with ease. This multitasking product can also be used as a facial cleanser and skin moisturizer. 
Coconut oil is renowned for its high concentration of lauric / caprylic acid, known for its natural anti-fungal and antibacterial properties, making it the perfect healthy choice for a multi-use cleansing cloth. These pure and simple make-up remover and cleansing wipes are your new everyday essential. Infused with the same radiance boosting properties as our RMS Raw Coconut Cream, these use-anywhere wipes melt away makeup, cleanse, soften and moisturize skin, all in one making them perfect for even lazy face washers.
A secret weapon for sensuously highlighting those special little features on the face. Use this brush to specifically apply the living luminizer more precisely to those intimate locations on your face that otherwise may be hard to reach with fingers alone. This small tapered brush is perfect to highlight the inner eye corners (near the L-shaped tear duct), down the bridge of the nose (for the appearance of a longer, slimmer nose) and the bow of the lips (to give the illusion of a sexy, pouty mouth). Use this delicate, retractable brush together with the living luminizer to highlight these areas. 
Designed with a dual technology that has never been seen before, the skin2skin foundation brush uses varying length bristles that are tightly layered in a swirl pattern to effortlessly and instantaneously blend your foundation. The brush is thicker at the bottom and thinner at the top, allowing the fibers to reach every curve of the face. Mimicking skin to skin application, the foundation brush covers pores and does not drag across skin.
The skin2skin blush brush has been designed with ultra-soft bristles on the tip to ensure that just the right amount of color is picked up from your RMS lip2cheek pot. When applied with the skin2skin blush brush, the bristles do not pick up any foundation already on the face, instead the color is pressed into the skin to blend with the existing make-up to create an “airbrush effect” that has only been seen with skin to skin application.
Ever wish your favorite rms beauty color had a matching nail polish? It does now. Application is easy with luxurious, saturated color and a brush that gives a professional finish with no streaking. Easily removed with any nail polish remover. Formulated without harmful chemicals, our 6-free formula is a cruelty-free, vegan, curated selection of your favorite shades. 
Our creamy mascara is made with a signature blend of ubame oak charcoal and sapphire dust for added dimension and color depth. Triple ball brush hits lashes at three separate points for ultra high volume. Sweep brush through lashes from root to tip. Use the tip of the brush on finer lashes to separate and build extra thickness. 
Long lasting formula applies easily with an innovative chisel tip to create versatile eye looks in classic to cool hues. Turn cream shadow stick horizontally to line eyes with precise definition or vertically to color the entire lid. 
Highly pigmented, long wear cream shadow in a portable tube delivers attention-grabbing color in one swipe. Hyper pearlescent micas create dimensional looks that can be as refined or rebellious as you want. Use fingertips to dab onto lid and blend, layer to intensify. Formula stays put and will not crease. Can also be used as a long wear liner if applied along the upper or lower lash line.
Felt tip liquid eyeliner marker glides on quickly and smoothly. Waterproof formula provides 24 hour intense color that won’t fade, smudge, or feather. Chisel tip applicator lines eyes as delicately or dramatically as desired. We recommend storing the Eye Marker with the capped applicator tip pointing down for optimum ink flow. 
Ultra glossy shadow in a click pen delivers trend-forward, high shine lids in one step. Natural oils hydrate and create a non-sticky feel on the eyelids. Twist the base of the click pen to deliver product to the flocked applicator tip. Sweep glossy shadow directly onto lids and blend with fingertips. 
Waterproof, two-day lash stain defines and lengthens for natural looking lashes that last all weekend long. High-tech polymers provide smudge resistance and staying power. Vitamin B5 conditions and keeps lashes soft. Lashes stay flawless even after being in the shower, in the rain, or in the pool. Fine bristle brush helps to define, and coat lashes for a perfected look that doesn’t require touch ups. Weekend Lash Stain must be applied to clean, dry lashes. When removing wand from tube, wipe excess formula off onto tube lip. Apply a very thin coat to lashes, 1-2 swipes of the wand. The product will remain tacky until it has dried after approximately 2 minutes. Mascara can be removed easily with a Micellar Wipe prior to drying. Once dry remove with an oil based makeup remover. Please note that the use of eye creams may cause this product to transfer. Do not wear any cream or oil based products on the eye area while wearing Weekend Lash Stain as it may cause the product to run or smudge
Smooth, matte gel formula in a pencil form glides onto brows quickly and easily. Use small upward strokes beginning at the inside of the brow and moving outward. Style and shape with built-in spoolie brush for a natural finish. Waterproof, transfer-proof formula defines, accentuates, and stays put all day
Creamy lip color provides full coverage, comfortable wear that lasts from desk to dawn. Formula features a 30% pigment load for super intense color in one swipe. Shea butter, coconut oil, and grapefruit peel oil soften lips and boost moisture. Demi-matte finish.
Swipe felt tip liquid lip marker onto lips for bold, long wear color. Chisel tip applicator allows for quick, precise application. Lips stay soft and vibrant all day. Infused with aloe and sunflower seed oil. We recommend storing the Lip Marker with the capped applicator tip pointing down for optimum ink flow.
Pure pigment infused with oils creates a unique texture and weightless feel. Buildable matte color can be applied to both lips and cheeks. Slim, stackable pot slides open easily and is perfect for a quick touch up. Use fingertips to press onto lips. For ultra dry lips, prep with Hero Salve first before applying Lip Pigment. 
Moisturizing salve hydrates, nurtures, and soothes lips while imparting a tint of color and sheen. Made with jojoba oil, shea butter, grape seed oil, and lavender oil. Apply daily and generously to lips for extra hydration and a subtle rose hue. All Milk Makeup products are cruelty-free.
Lip balm glides onto lips for a subtle tint of color. Milk Melt Technology allows balm to melt on contact with body heat into a glossy liquid balm. SPF 30 protects lips while shea butter, coconut, avocado and sunflower seed oils provide deep nourishment. On first use, click component up 4 to 6 times to dispense product. Please note this product’s packaging clicks up but not down.
Long wear glossy lip stain provides a sheer tint of color with a comfortable, hydrating feel. Nourishing oils and Vitamin E deeply moisturize and condition. Rollerball applicator allows for mess-free application. Gently squeeze tube and glide rollerball tip across lips. Layer for intensity. 
Quick, multi-use stick can be applied to lips and cheeks for a creamy, sheer tint. Milk Melt Technology allows lip + cheek stick to instantly melt on contact with body heat, while mango butter, peach nectar and avocado oils provide hydration. Buildable, blendable color is easily applied, no mirror needed. Swipe onto cheeks and lips and blend with fingertips. All Milk Makeup products are cruelty-free.
Perfect “everything” oil in an easy, portable rollerball pen. Proprietary blend of moisturizing natural oils (grapeseed, avocado, grapefruit peel, tangerine peel, mandarin orange peel, and lemon peel) combine to create essential skin hydration and brightness. Press bottom button to dispense oil onto glass rollerball. Apply all over face and body. 100% of Proceeds go directly to Dayna. Please note that despite it's cheery name this product is not a tanning oil and contains no SPF.
All over colorless gloss delivers high shine to skin, lips, and eyelids. Apply with fingertips all over face for a vibrant glow or along cheekbones and collarbone for a spotlight effect. Can be applied to bare skin or over makeup. 
Liquid watercolor blush hydrates skin with a blend of oils and provides a pop of color with buildable pigments. Infused with orange peel oil, sunflower oil, grape seed oil, and lavender oil. Swirl the rollerball applicator over cheeks and blend with fingertips to create a soft, natural blush effect. Please click the button 10 - 15 to dispense product on first use.
Matte finish cream stick instantly creates a sun-kissed effect. Milk Melt Technology allows bronzer stick to instantly melt on contact with body heat, while mango butter, peach nectar and avocado oils provide hydration. Swipe onto cheekbones, brow bone, bridge of nose, and along the hairline. Use on the collarbone, arms and legs for all over bronze. Blend with fingertips. 
Portable savior. Soothing seawater and firming caffeine combine for instant refreshment in one convenient stick. Hydration lasts all day. Infused with rich marine minerals, this unique gel stick feels refreshingly cool to the touch and provides an instant boost of moisture. Caffeine increases micro circulation to energize skin and restore glow. Smooth onto neck, face and body to cool and invigorate. Apply around eye area to depuff. Use prior to makeup application to prime skin
Luminous cream stick instantly creates a radiant glow. Universally flattering shade brightens every skin tone. Milk Melt Technology allows highlighter stick to instantly melt on contact with body heat, while mango butter, peach nectar and avocado oils provide hydration. Sweep across cheekbones, bridge of nose, or décolletage. Use on shoulders and legs for a subtle sheen. Blend with fingertips.
Clear hydrating stick infused with natural oils can be applied to face and body for a quick dose of moisture and a subtle, healthy sheen. Apricot, avocado, calendula, jojoba and orange peel oils absorb quickly into skin. Use on hair and brows for control. Hydrates skin in one easy swipe. Sweep over bare skin for essential hydration or on top of makeup for subtle glow. 
Portable blotting sheets are made from unbleached hemp fibers to absorb excess oil and reduce shine without disturbing makeup. Remove paper from packet, unfold and gently dab all over face, pressing lightly to absorb oil. Can also be used as rolling papers. 
Daily cleanser detoxifies, purifies, and invigorates. Made with charcoal, from ubame oak trees that absorbs oil and harmful toxins. Marine water and vitamin E balance moisture levels for soft and smooth skin. Lather between palms with warm water. Massage all over face to cleanse. Rinse well.
Magical refreshing face mist imparts a burst of energy. Rice and ginger waters revitalize and tone skin while botanical actives calm and nourish. Anti-inflammatory ingredients decrease redness and irritation. Spray upwards toward face. Use on bare skin or over makeup to energize and refresh. 
Rich, healing salve is the ultimate multi-tasking product. It melts into skin to condition and nurture. Apply to lips, face, and body - anywhere needing a serious douse of hydration. Made with jojoba oil, shea butter, grape seed oil, and lavender oil. Apply daily and generously to lips, elbows, knees, and cuticles to condition and relieve dryness. 
Rich, healing salve is the ultimate multi-tasking product. It melts into skin to condition and nurture. Apply to lips, face, and body - anywhere needing a serious douse of hydration. Made with jojoba oil, shea butter, grape seed oil, and lavender oil. Apply daily and generously to lips, elbows, knees, and cuticles to condition and relieve dryness. 
Makeup remover gel cleanses and nourishes using a technologically advanced and highly effective cleansing system. Non-ionic micellar action entraps and lifts both oil and water based impurities from the skin. Infused with calming extracts of chamomile, green tea, coconut, cucumber, papaya and aloe vera. Convenient pump dispenses exact amount of product needed. Use cotton pad to gently wipe face, eyes and lips. All Milk Makeup products are cruelty-free
Biodegradable portable single wipes cleanse the skin using micellar action to entrap and lift impurities from the skin, sweeping away makeup and debris. Intelligent design for modern skincare. A technologically advanced and highly effective cleansing system using non-ionic micellar action in convenient portable individual packets. Micellar wipes are perfect for touch-ups and removing everyday face, eye and lip products. We recommend using an oil-based makeup remover for long wearing products like the Weekend Lash Stain, Eye Pigment, Lip Marker and Eye Marker. Open packet, unfold wipe and sweep over skin. No rinsing needed. 20 wipes. 
Deep Cleansing Gel mask detoxifies skins impurities. Vitamin E, jojoba and grape seed oils nourish and hydrate. Apply generously to dry, clean skin. Leave on for 3-5 minutes. Splash water on face and rub skin gently in a circular motion. Mask melts into a fine milky lotion. Rinse off with water or remove with moistened cotton puffs. Skin is deeply detoxified, soothed, and hydrated. Can be used every other day. 
Clear, natural deodorant stick combats odor with natural and organic ingredients. Lavender oil soothes and nourishes skin. Keeps underarms feeling fresh and smelling clean all day. Please note it may take a week or two for your body to get used to a natural deodorant if you are not used to it.
Propanediol, Water/aqua, Alcohol Denat., Saccharomyces Ferment Filtrate, Sodium Stearate, Dimethyl Capramide, Lavandula angustifolia (Lavender) oil, alcohol, ethylhexylglycerin, fragrance/parfum, sodium hydroxide, phenoxyethanol
Spray Nail provides a revolutionary, quick way to apply nail polish perfectly and evenly. No manicure skills needed. Nail looks can be changed depending on your mood or the event you are going to in seconds! Included nail stencil features shapes to express your originality with unique designs, create nail art, ombré or a french manicure. Spray nail can also be applied directly over regular polish for a quick change. 
Gently swipe across skin as needed to remove dirt, makeup, and oil with these swabs. Use charcoal swabs for quick clean-up around the eyes to pick up dropped shadow or around the lips for a clean lip line. 50 per pack.
Get rid of unwanted hairs with these tweezers. Angled tip allows for painless plucking and precision. All Milk Makeup products are cruelty-free.
6 speed hairdryer with heat setting combinations that generates far- infared heat. Narrow air barrel for maximum pressure and an instant cold shot button. Gently dry the hair from the inside out. Ceramic technology helps to create smooth, silky hair and eliminates frizz and retains hair’s luster. Clean easily with removable filter. Micro concentrator nozzle and 2000 watt professional log life AC motor.
A clear Lip Conditioner designed to offer the same soothing properties as Balmy Days with the added bonus of natural SPF 15. A must have for both women and men this season to keep lips nourished and protected.
Have you ever used a lip exfoliator in a stick form? We suggest you give it a try. Organic ingredients blended with tiny granules of volcanic stone powder, gently exfoliate the lips leaving a smooth, kissable surface in its place. Follow up with a conditioner of your choice to seal in moisture and bring your pout back into balance.
A rose hue with a strong lavender undertone. Around The World’s creation came about for all those wishing to wear a purple shade which we believe can worn by nearly everyone! A great pop of color that will wake up the lips and enliven the soul. ILIA Lipstick combines organic ingredients with contemporary colors blended into a creamy semi-matte finish. Mix with ILIA Tinted Lip Conditioners to moisten lips and revive colors and in between re-application.
Take it up a notch with one of our brighter shades bathed in fiery coral hues. ILIA Lipstick Crayon is packed with healing oils of Coconut, Sesame and Cranberry Seed.
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil*, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter*, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil*, Brassica Campestris/Aleurites Ford Oil Copolymer, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil*, Triisostearyl Citrate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter)*, Tocopherol, Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Leaf*, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf*, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Wax, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Oil, Vanilla Planifolia Fruit Oil*. May contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide CI77891, Red 7 CI15850, Yellow 5 CI19140, Black Oxide CI 77499, Yellow Oxide CI 77492, Red Oxide CI 77491, Red 28 CI45410. 
Soft, nourishing and boasting natural SPF 15 protection, this sheer, muted mauve will suit most skin tones. ILIA Tinted Lip Conditioner SPF 15 offers natural sun protection and a host of new botanicals. The moisturizing butters of Cocoa and Shea help soften lips and are combined with a rich blend of antioxidant oils of Organic Avocado, Sesame, Cranberry, and Passionflower. The color may appear bold at first glance but is sheer and subtle when applied. A perfect compliment to this season’s fresh faced look and will suit most skin tones.
Similar to our best seller, Polka Dots & Moonbeams, Cosmic Dancer offers a golden hue that will warm up the holidays. Organic ingredients are combined with healing properties of Rose Hip Oil to bring out your best features. Apply to cheekbones, brow bones, inner corner of eyes, bridge of nose and pout of lower lip for a fresh, dewy glow.
Dive into a very berry shade that instantly brightens cheeks and lips. A great go to hue for those seeking a little extra kick of color. ILIA Multi-Sticks combine organic ingredients with the healing properties of Vitamin E and Shea Butter. Apply to cheeks, lips and eyes for a sheer blush of color.
ILIA’s mascaras reference the film noir era. Sultry eyes meet strength and determination in Nightfall’s rich black shade. Naturally preserved, Phenoxyethanol free. All Mascaras are made with 100% natural dye.
A rich creamy black that will glide with ease. Buildable and blendable for the perfect smokey eye. ILIA Pure Eyeliner brings rich, creamy color to the eyes that blends and builds for a day to night look. Packed with the healing oils of Avocado and Castor Seed, they work alongside soothing oils of Coconut to moisturize and protect the delicate area of the eye. The twist up application comes with a built in sharpener.
A light wash of gold that will brighten and highlight the eyes. And She Was is perfect on its own or as a base for layering other colors. ILIA Silken Shadow Stick glides on effortlessly for a velvety wash of metallic color. Soothing oils of coconut and olive help protect the delicate area of the eye.
Soft to the touch, Fade Into You is a light universal finishing powder, packaged in a refillable brush component. The translucent base is a blend of organic powder and oils including Aloe Leaf Extract, full of minerals and vitamins to help keep skin looking soft and supple. Passion Fruit and Rosemary Oil contain anti-inflammatory properties to help soothe the skin.
A follow up to Fade Into You, Moondance offers all the same benefits and adds natural SPF 20 protection with a hint of luminosity. With an updated design, the brush has an ‘Open’ and ‘Close’ option as well as a ‘Buff’ feature for more control. Great for on-the-go, this refillable travel companion makes it easy to reset your look during the day. ILIA Radiant Translucent Powder is an organic blend of powders including Aloe Vera with light essential oils of Rosemary and Thyme. Hibiscus Flower extract acts as an anti-oxidant to the skin while non-nano zinc oxide provides SPF 20 protection. The fine pearl pigment offers light reflecting properties that brings a luminosity to the skin. 
The angled tip provides controlled application and precision for those hard to reach places around the eyes and nose. Designed in the iconic ILIA finish, the Foundation Brush features soft bristles made of high grade synthetic Taklon, which are cruelty free and easy to clean.
Excellent for applying and blending concealer under eyes and other delicate areas of the face. Designed in the iconic ILIA finish, the Concealer Brush features soft bristles made of high grade synthetic Taklon, which are cruelty free and easy to clean.
Your eyes and brows will dazzle with drops of fluid pearls. The formula is wax free and achieves perfect transparency and a soft light film. Apply on its own or on top of any eye pencil, in a thin film, for a gorgeous wet look. Brush onto brows for a dewy effect.
This formula embraces spherical polymers and waxes, giving maximum comfort with outstanding staying power. Based on satin-like texturisers, highly concentrated powdery ingredients and waxes, the exceptional formula of our two new Eye Khol shades 'Eve' and 'Lilith' stands out with maximum comfort, easy glide and outstanding staying power. The colour release is beautifully creamy and intensely saturated for precision contouring, gentle lash line and waterline application and effortless blending. Our magnetically intense colours are ideal for winged eyeliner and smoky styles alike. The silky-soft texture of the reformulated FELINE GAZE Eye Khol is now waterproof and ultra long-lasting.
The colour release, with its beautiful creaminess and glide, is much higher compared to traditional pencils and the soft texture combines maximum comfort with outstanding waterproof staying power for the whole day. We included in our Long-lasting Eye Pencils the natural antioxidant Vitamin E, the highly moisturising and smoothing Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter and Argania Spinosa Oil, known as Argan Oil, which also nourishes, smoothes, calms and conditions your delicate eye area. The twist mechanism makes sure you always have the pencil ready to use without the necessity of sharpening it yourself. Use for precision contouring along the lash line, soft blending by smudging with fingertips or brush, or for building smoky smouldering effects. Please make sure to only release the amount of product you need since the twist mechanism works only one way. Our Long-lasting Eye Pencil is not suitable for the inner eyelids or the tear zone
Raven Glaze – a reinvention of the beloved classic of all times – shows off the effect of a seamlessly lucent line, for a unique interpretation of light and dark. A high percentage of carbon black pigments guarantees the most intense black, imparting a deep and lustrous finish that lasts throughout the day with extreme colour intensity. Infused with soothing Chamomile Flower Water, our Lacquer Eyeliner protects the delicate eye area against irritation and inflammation. Our Eyeliner pen is a convenient, professional tool with a versatile tip applicator which will remind you of the finely structured tips of sumi bamboo brushes from Japanese brush painting. Use the tip of the calligraphy brush to create easily the finest line imaginable or the side of the brush for an expressive eyelid line. The even flow of ink and the instant release of deep colour pigments allow you incredible precision and control when lining your eyes. Wickedly noticeable but sophisticated; challenge the world around you with your glamorous gaze. Our Lacquer Eyeliner is not suitable for the inner eyelids or the tear zone.
A soft, water-based formula ensures tender application. We also added Borosilicates ('Anthracite Essence' does not include Borosilicates) – minute particles of artificial quartz that fill the formula with an incredible shine and shed a coquettish lustre onto the lines. The Eyeliner allows for high coverage, dries quickly, is super long-wear and has excellent skin compatibility. An elegant brush means you can apply both fine thin lines and passionate wide lines. You can use the Eyeliner alone or over your favourite eye pencils or eye shadows
Define eyes with complete precision, emphasising their allure, making lashes fuller. Luminous hues capture the sheen of a sylphs skin in a brilliant sateen finish while the unique slim, flexible applicator tip shaped like a brush, ensures unwavering strokes at all times. Your ultrafine or dramatic lines stay exactly where put yet can be instantly removed without trace, leaving the memory of your exquisite look etched in the mind forever. This first of its kind, non-staining eyeliner ink provides sleek, high intensity make-up that lasts all day. Quick drying, transferproof and with no smearing or smudging, precise lines are achieved that are even water resistant. Spot colour between the lashes on the lash line so they appear fuller and use this innovative precision liner with confidence, knowing its expert design ensures perfect results are effortlessly achieved. Safe and comfortable to wear around the sensitive eye area; Satin Eyeliner is both dermatologically and ophthalmologically approved.
We were inspired by their work to bring you this sultry-take on mascara. Just when you thought you'd never see lashes this voluminous, here they are: magnified to look naturally thick and larger than life. Smooth and rich - like a late night spent outdoors sipping champagne and eating chocolate. Your lashes will be full, deep and precisely defined. Your positively intoxicating looks will have remarkable staying power. Set hearts a-flutter with this dreamy lash potion. Strength and beauty in one languorous sweep. You’re bare without it! New technologically advanced emulsion formula wraps each lash in a creamy coat of nourishing natural waxes and filming agents to thicken and lift. Amplitude provides an easy and speedy application to hug your lashes tenaciously, without drying out. Extremely precise, lifting and volumising - this mascara will become your new favourite eye tool!
As if you’ve unearthed a long buried bottle of the mythical molten mix, Rouge Bunny Rouge’s UBIQUITOUS Magnitude Mascara enhances lashes in a pervasive way; separating, lengthening, curvaceously curling, adorning with a sleek, glistening and deeply intense colour. A special fibre brush imparts maximum volume while the silky formulation ensures a wonderful flexibility and natural feel in wear. Easy to apply and remove this lash plumping mascara ensures an effortless, continuous fluttering of bewitchingly enhanced lashes is yours, devilishly stirring in others feelings of admiration, desire and envy. Instantaneously bestowing lashes with an enhanced dimension, the unique formula blends three natural compounds at its heart of Paraffin Wax, Carnauba Wax and Beeswax , together they impart a soft texture for flexibility, volume and superior luminosity. Film Forming Agents bring long-lasting properties and Silk Proteins restructure and protect while adorning lashes with an otherworldly, luminous effect. With sensitive eyes in mind Magnitude Mascara is fragrance and alcohol free.
With its smart combination of a lightweight formula and a state-of-the-art brush, the Modelling Mascara embellishes your lashes with such ease, that we couldn’t help but name it WITCHERY. The innovative rubber brush allows for the most accurate and impeccable lash-by-lash application, perfectly separating the lashes with no clumping or smudging. The brush tip of our Modelling Mascara is designed to reach even the finest, shortest lashes in the corners of the eyes. Free from Triethanolamine, silicone, fragrance and alcohol, the modern, creamy formula is based on extra pure pigments and softest blends of natural waxes, keratin, and conditioning ingredients
Discover a new powder eye shadow with an astonishing lightweight, creamy touch and unprecedented adherence. This formula creates pure dynamic iridescence while it maintains second skin effect. It has extended 8-hour wear that will stay perfect and look freshly applied all day. All new refill shades for our pallet concept are made in size and weight to fit into our RBR Eye Shadow Keepers and hold securely with a magnet. Refill shades will be delivered in a small black RBR envelope and can be placed and removed easily.
Discover a new powder eye shadow with an astonishing lightweight, creamy touch and unprecedented adherence. This formula creates pure dynamic iridescence while it maintains second skin effect. It has extended 8-hour wear that will stay perfect and look freshly applied all day. All new refill shades for our pallet concept are made in size and weight to fit into our RBR Eye Shadow Keepers and hold securely with a magnet. Refill shades will be delivered in a small black RBR envelope and can be placed and removed easily.
Our utmost Long-lasting Cream Eye Shadows caress your skin with the ease of a butterfly wing beat, so that your lids appear smooth and renewed while coated with a semi-matt, slightly luminous colour. Our comfortable wand includes a light, velvet, creamy formula for silky gliding. Easy application is achieved by innovative silicon waxes and gels, in combination with Beeswax. We added Para Cress Flower Extract to stimulate natural skin lifting capabilities and Coffee Extract to increase collagen and elastin production while also enhancing the natural skin defences. All colours can be worn in two ways: a satin wash of colour with one layer, or a stronger application providing opaque, metallic and darker hues of the same colour.
We were inspired to recreate their zingy pigments for you as the Fire Drops range. Adorning yourself with this fiery lava dust will gift you with the playful mischief of a fluttering firefly and the intense brightness of the blossoms' luminescent shades. The formula contains a super high percentage of pearl, which will grant your eyes a marvellous shine and luminosity but with a weightless feel. We added Sodium PCA, a natural moisturiser that maintains the water balance of the skin, makes the texture soft and elastic and the application creamy and easy. A sponge-tipped wand enclosed in a practical bottle will safely keep the pigment inside and let it out only when you want it.
Based on a soothing blend of precious natural oils and butters, our KISS ELIXIR Lip Balm is lovely for every winter-tired pout, while offering natural skin protection throughout the year. This expert balm’s unique rich and creamy texture that leaves lips ultra soft is suffused with Sweet Almond Oil, Argan Oil and Shea Butter to offer immediate relief for dry and chapped lips. Scent-free Beeswax and precious Aloe Extract soothe and provide a completely non-sticky finish. The delightful flavour of Vanilla brings a pleasant sensation of comfort. Our clear Lip Balm can be applied with just your fingertips, doubles as lip gloss and offers superior hydration and a sustainably soothing, nourishing effect.
Here comes the perfect combination of non-invasive lip treatment and beautifying colour: comfortable, plumping and intensely moisturising, delicately scented, our Tinted Luxe Balm DAZZLING SIP is just that – creamy anti-aging skincare available in three luminous shades. As we age, our lips lose colour, elasticity and volume: the unique Tinted Luxe Balm formula is exclusively aimed at making a difference. The Tinted Luxe Balm is based on a powerful active complex designed to bring back the original volume within four weeks of daily use, all while smoothing fine lines, nourishing and brightening the skin. An Ecocert-approved, patented active complex derived from natural Sunflower oil intensely hydrates and softens (clinically approved). A unique blend of oils, waxes and state-of-the-art pigments create an inimitable glossy sheen and a lovely, flattering brightness of colour. The Tinted Luxe Balm glides across your lips as gently as a touch of soft air – its impressive repairing, hydrating, plumping and redefining properties are delivered in a highly lightweight, non-sticky texture. It is much more long-lasting compared to other balms.
Think of lusciously ripe fruit dipped in the shiniest of honeys. Your lips will be plumped to a mouth-watering fullness, and a lavish dream-star shine. Irresistible. Like a scrumptious dessert that cheers you to the bones just by inhaling it, these glassy glosses radiate spicy sweetness and utterly intoxicating decadence. All of these candy drops of colour are heaped with exotic ingredients, and some abound with minute pearlised particles to sparkle your lips with glittering bejewelled effects. People will gaze at you with shiny- eyed infatuation, longing that you will possibly get...a...little...bit...closer. The new ultra glossy formula combines a non-sticky finish with intense moisturising properties which have an immediate effect on dry skin. Rose Seed Extract smoothes away fine lines, rejuvenates and regains lost natural colour and skin tone while Vitamin E works as an anti-oxidant. Our two shades ‘Fleur Parfait’ and ‘Triffle Rich’ include a protective, soothing blend of Paper Birch Extract and Woodland Figwort speaking of natural, wild freshness. Anti- oxidant and anti-ageing, their formula also contains Cotton Tree Fruit Extract to hydrate and revitalise
We have recreated this shiny and fragrant devilish gloss, to boost your lips and sparkle them with golden fairy-dust. The secret lies in the delicious blend of spicy essential oils that start working instantly to naturally increase blood-flow. Your lips will feel wickedly full and lush, flushed with colour. Frequent re-application will further heighten the sexily dangerous effect. You may become addicted to getting your man every time, but don’t let the bees catch you, you have been warned! The gloss texture is bejewelled with micro mica particles and is imbued with the spicy fragrance of Cloves, Cardamom and Chilli, while Jojoba gives excellent softening. It will stimulate your lips immediately, to result into that coveted just kissed look
Overwhelmed by its beauty, we captured the essence and softness of its everlasting magical colours in FOREVER YOURS... lip pencils. Their soft heart glides on as smoothly as a ship on the calmest of seas, to keep your lips supremely in view. You'll treasure the incomparable staying power, allowing you fearlessly explore your thirst for new things - knowing that you look impeccable. Drink and be merry, kiss and be cherished. It’s so wear-resistant it’s almost as unstoppable as you. Go ahead and write your own navigation chart, you’ll be safely on course to sail off with whatever treasures you desire… Advanced technology in this long-wearing pencil delivers a formula with an instant release of intense colour, smooth glide-on and a precise application. The synergic action of gellified systems, special polymers and waxes provides a most comfortable and semi-permanent colour. Once dry, the colour will last the whole day and is waterproof too!
The easy glide, weightless formula with moisturising, lip-shaping and skin-protecting benefits comes in five delicate, rich colours with an outstandingly radiant finish. The sensual pleasure of a highly precise application is combined with powerful skincare benefits chosen to create a more defined and attractive pout. The new formula features Volulip™, a plant-based active ingredient that enhances skin firmness, hydration and softness while creating more volume and also modelling the lips. Enriched with SheaSoft™, a particularly delicate agent based on natural Shea Butter, the Colour Burst Lipstick is particularly soft, smooth and silky.
The easy glide, weightless formula with moisturising, lip-shaping and skin-protecting benefits comes in five delicate yet rich colours with an outstandingly sheer, glossy finish. The precise application and perfect coverage of this texture create a polished look effortlessly. With Hilurlip™, an innovative moisturising, anti-aging and skin-protecting Sodium Hyaluronate based agent, lips are redefined, their volume is boosted, and fine vertical lines are minimised while fighting the negative effects of free radicals. Our Sheer Lipstick formula is also infused with nourishing Rosehip Butter, a natural powerhouse of essential fatty acids, vitamins and minerals.
Your favourite shades will be wrapped in a sleek black compact adorned with RBR flowers. You can choose between universal and elegant Duo or Trio Keepers which are both handy, must-have tools. These exquisite pieces have a compact size ideal for travelling or just for storing your beloved eye shadows, and include a useful double-sided applicator. These incredibly convenient Eye Shadow Keepers feature an array of new Long-lasting Eye Shadows in our well-known buttery texture. New essential and versatile colours for any occasion can be selected and will be securely packed for wherever you go. You can mix rich natural shades such as bronzed champagne and dark umber chocolate with bestsellers like Abyssinian Catbird, Unforgettable Oriole and Solstice Halcyon to achieve stylish and natural looking make-ups alike.
This line of blushes was born in just such an auspicious instance - when the muse inspired the great painters. Charge your cheeks with ultra-sheer, natural-looking colour in a starry instant. A decadently ravishing sitting-by-a-glowing-fire flush, or an innocently alluring frolicking-in-the-meadow bloom is yours. This magical-sceptre-of-a-blush enlivens your face with a subtle youthful shine and a hint of even, blendable colour. A palette of four charming shades will paint you into a soft aquarelle inspiration or a vivacious oil-on-canvas muse. Those lucky souls, who find themselves gazing at you, will be suitably… distracted. Contains a blend of natural oils and spherical powders for a super-soft emollient cream-to-powder finish in an easy to use portable wand. Blend with fingers, or layer on for intensity to achieve your very own look. Still want more? Then use this rare masterpiece on your lips too, for an ultra-sheer comfortable colour.
We have recreated for you this radiant glow with 6 petal-soft colours to impart a splendorous bloom and captivate your heart’s desires. Original Skin Blush blends with a sheer, melting touch for a naturally luminous silky glow. A medley of active ingredients, including Uhaloa from Hawaii, (also known as Velvet-leaf) and modern technologies impart a long term brightening effect. Indian Gooseberry Extract stands guard against free radicals. Sheer pearls amplify the creamy soft touch and ensure a limpid glow. Innovative powders entwine with your skin to preserve perfection all day long. Result is 'your skin but better' effect; you’ll wonder how you blushed before
With the incredibly smooth feeling of vaporous silk, a fine dusting of this invisible loose powder softens unwanted flaws and rewards the complexion with an even skin tone and velvety matt finish. Evermat reduces the production of oily sebum to keep shine in check, with the aid of Silica’s absorbing action. Tetrapeptide Matrixyl 3000 brings an anti-wrinkle and smoothing effect while Actiwhite works to lighten and brighten. Due to its super transparency and ability to mattify the skin without drying, all skin tones can benefit from this universal shade that can be used to fix make-up or worn alone to brilliant effect.
We were inspired by this scene to bring you this dream-in-a-bottle, so that you can have your very own transformation. The moisturising surge of liquid pearls will dance whispers on your skin till dawn. Be as playful as the magical being that you are… you’ll still look as sublimely refined and urbanely elegant as the Moon itself. The tiny reflective particles will illuminate you anywhere you choose, with a sinfully quivering effect to quietly showcase your beauty. Bring fine-spun silver thrills by night or by day - to eyes, brows, temples, shoulders… No one can eclipse you, Moon Mermaid. This multipurpose water-based fluid blends easily with moisturiser, or with foundation, to customise the look - to yours alone. Create an inside-out illumination effect and blend it to a thin, refined wash of pearls. With plant-derived, non-greasy emollient Squalane for supple, soft, and healthy looking skin. Light fragrance of Cucumber with a touch of Peach Flower will add to your application pleasure. A trio of shades with Melissa extract to soothe, and Vitamin E to guard against ageing. The highlighting liquid can be used alone or over moisturiser and as a highlighter, over foundation, too.
The Order of Rouge Bunny Rouge recreated this liquid-enchantment-in-a-bottle to polish your skin to a natural, even and radiant blissed-out halo of warmth. The subtle softness of the golden micro-particles contained within its heart will burnish you to glistening silk, all laid out on a reserved bed of summer. Anoint yourself, with this delicately exotic liquid, to remind you of spinning until light-headed under the dreamy light of the sun on a mid-summer’s day. Gloriously glamorous and inexorably captivating, you’ll be transformed into a Sun Angel, even in the midst of the greyest winter. This liquid formula of the future will magnify your youth and summer glow timelessly. Giving a transparent, extremely luminous and smoothing finish. The health and beauty of the face and body are emphasised beyond comparison, by a natural lighting effect. Containing Hyaluronic Acid and a mix of Triglycerides to moisturise and smooth the skin and Grape Seed Oil restores the elasticity of the skin. It is anti-oxidant with the addition of Vitamin E, nourishes with Lime-tree Blossom Extract while Jojoba Oil protects against dehydration. Use on face or body, layer on for intensity or mix with moisturiser for an ethereally soft look.
We’ve been inspired to re-create this feather-light and creamy goddess-powder so you can let the sun worship you all year round. Smooth your skin to a natural, even and radiant blissed-out halo of warmth, while the tiny micro-particles dance around you in an enveloping golden aura. This powder is wickedly luxurious and deeply sexy. You’ll want to let yourself sink into it – to be warmed by the hazy molten gold of late afternoon sun streaming through the window. Let your thoughts drift as you shoot your own sunbeams anywhere you choose - a touch on the eyelids, a dab on the tip of the nose, cheeks, shoulders… Dazzling looks by day or by night to transform you into a Sun Angel, even in the midst of the greyest winter. This bronzing powder is impalpable on the skin and instantly transforms the complexion. Advanced micronisation, in combination with treated spherical powders, produces an unusual perfecting powder with smoothing properties. Dazzling micro-particles are contained within a silky and luminous formula, with Ceramide 2 and Palmitoylated Oligopeptide to repair, Quercus Suber Extract to smooth and lift, and Shea Butter to nourish and moisturise
This water-based texture is so light and refreshing on your skin that you will feel like floating through the clouds, but it contains plethora of active ingredients. Sea-Buckthorn Berry Extract serves as a superb-antioxidant and anti-ageing ingredient that promotes cell tissue regeneration. Iris Florentina Root Extract smoothes out fine lines and wrinkles to create a perfect canvas for other products to be applied to the skin. Saccharide Isomerate provides intensive hydration, firming and smoothing; Bisabolol is used for its anti-irritant and anti-inflammatory capabilities. Vitamin E Acetate and Retinol Palmitate improve skin texture. Now you know why we are so excited to bring you this miracle in a bottle.
The feather-weight texture of our Mattifying Primer miraculously gives your skin a velvet matte suede glow; it removes the unwanted shine completely and evens out your skin tone. The enriched formula, including moisturising and soothing actives such as Allantoin and Meadowfoam Seed Oil, smoothes fine lines and wrinkles. Vitamin E fights free radicals and has anti-oxidant and anti-ageing properties. Pores are tightened without the shocking sensation of a stiffening mask. Instead, you will actually feel the nourishing care of the weightless fluid, and see the transformation promised by many but achieved effortlessly by … Metamorphoses.
Natural beauty is visibly refined creating a matt, flawless canvas that feels velvet soft to the touch. This light emulsion is comfortable and long-lasting on the skin. Only you need know the secret of your immediate transformation, for those caught lingering on your exquisite complexion suspect untarnished enchantment has always been there. This primer with an invisible touch instantly fills in wrinkles and smoothes pores to give a perfect, flawless finish. A formula packed with re-texturising ingredients includes special polymers that act as fillers and impart sebum-absorbing properties while the latest generation of silicones ensures exceptional long wear. Evermat derived from the African tree Enantia Chlorantha, long regarded for its medicinal properties, reduces pores and shine, refines skin texture and reduces sebum secretion.
This luxuriously rich and creamy balm melts like butter with the warmth of your skin; add warm water to swiftly transform the butter into a heavenly milky sap that dissolves even waterproof make-up without a trace, while nourishing and pampering your face. Use a delicate muslin cloth, wrapped around your hand, to sweep away all impurities, cleanse and gently tone, leaving your skin angelically resplendent. Loaded with active ingredients, our tantalising formula will relieve discomfort associated with dehydration and enhance your skin’s natural glow. Cacao Butter offers excellent moisturising and smoothing properties for a soft, velvety appearance. Meadowfoam Seed Oil is an outstanding moisturiser and anti-oxidant, helping to prevent moisture loss and boost your true radiance. Inspired by aromatherapy and enriched with an essential oil mixture of Chamomile, Clove, Eucalyptus and Lavender, our Make-up Melt Cleanser will not only improve your skin’s suppleness and softness but also revitalises and leaves you with a sensuous and soothing feeling. Chamomile calms the skin with anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-depressant effects. Clove adds stimulating and aphrodisiac qualities. Eucalyptus is anti-bacterial, balsamic and antiseptic. Lavender provides soothing, anti-inflammatory, refreshing and antiseptic effects, and also acts on the nervous system as an extraordinary mind refresher, restoring your inner balance, strength and vitality. Complete relaxation and enjoyment with a stunning cleansing and polishing result; what Deliquesce does and how it does it is pure enchantment…
As divinely fashioned as the collected peaceful mists, CAPTURED MIST OF SERENITY Gentle Cleansing Water carefully removes make-up and impurities from face, eyes and lips without the necessity of rinsing afterwards. This all-in-one Micellar Water cleanses, clarifies and leaves skin feeling incredibly smooth and wonderfully soothed with a hint of natural gleam. Originally formulated with Cornflower water to calm even the most sensitive, stressed skins, this multi-functional cleanser leaves the complexion extremely supple and adorned with a healthy glow. The intensive moisturising and refreshing properties of Sodium Hyaluronate prevent dehydration while helping to retain moisture. Being free of parabens, fragrances, alcohol and soap ensures this Gentle Cleansing Water suits all skin types, revealing the skins natural luminosity and bestowing breathtaking beauty.
This is the perfect blending brush for combining different eye shadow shades. The special, rounded shape of the brush makes the process of blending fast, while the synthetic bristles make the application more comfortable. You can also use the Blender Brush to blur the lines of your eyeliner or contour pencil for a softer, more natural effect. The long wooden handle makes for easy control.
This brush has been created specifically for powder blusher and is the ideal size and shape to ensure perfect application. For a sublime blush, use just a little colour, smile and apply blusher on the apples of your cheeks, then slightly shade it towards your temples. Blusher refreshes your skin colour and can also be used to create an oval face shape and contour cheeks, brows, jaw line etc.
A combination brush for immaculate lashes and brows. The mascara brush gives perfect coverage with just one sweep and the comb separates the lashes and removes any hint of clumps. The brow brush coaxes unruly brows into shape, or can be used to brush the hairs upwards for a tousled, natural look. For the best results, apply a little 'Angel’s Play' Eye Gloss to hold the brows in place.
This firm brush is essential for anyone wishing to create an ideal eyebrow look and frame and enhance the eyes. The sloping shape of this brush is excellent for creating perfect brows with powders or gels. Our tip for red-carpet-worthy brows is to brush our Long-lasting Matt Eye Shadow 'Blackpepper Jay' through the brows and then set with 'Angel’s Play' clear Eye Gloss. Alternatively, use it after applying eyebrow pencil, to soften and refine the pencil lines for a soft natural look. 
This easy to use brush lets you apply concealer to the sensitive area under the eyes, and mask all small skin imperfections like an expert. The secret of application is in the colour; always use a colour that is one shade lighter than your natural skin tone. Simply dot tiny amounts of our Luminous Skin Wand under the eyes and use this brush to smooth it imperceptibly across the skin. For small blemishes, place a minute amount of Luminous Skin Wand over the area and gently blend into the skin.
This brush is used for applying Eye Shadow onto the upper eyelid, above and into the crease between upper and lower lids. It is best for blending and merging colours, whether for a natural, no make-up look or for a soft smoky finish with darker colours. The dome shape of the brush ensures that the Powder Eye Shadows will cling to the hairs and not drop onto your cheeks. The hair is so soft, it can be used on even the most sensitive skin.
This brush allows you apply liquid and gel liners like a virtuoso. The conical shape is easy to use, giving you complete control as you sweep it across the base of the eyelashes. It gives a fine line that can be thickened with further applications. You can also use it wet and turn any eyeshadow into an eyeliner in the blink of an eye. 
This super-fine, elegant brush is for putting on liquid eyeliner, when dipped in water, it can be used to apply eye shadow as a liner. The incredibly thin brush helps you draw a subtle, even line at the base of your upper and lower lashes. Reapply to make the line thicker for a more dramatic look.
This brush is excellent in terms of creating accents to emphasize your facial contours with a dark blusher below and a highlighting powder above your cheekbones. Then use the Blusher Brush 002 to apply blusher for a rosy glow over your contouring. With the help of this brush and two shades of blusher or highlighting powder you will be able to create an ideal oval face shape. You would like to look natural and irresistible? Then this brush is what you need!
Now you can apply any foundation or tinted moisturiser like a true make-up artist! The Tecalon™ fibres we’ve used don’t absorb foundation like natural fibres would and they allow you to apply even layers of your favourite product. The result is a natural, flawless finish. Use a little foundation and lightly brush it over the entire face. Blend the jaw and hair line seamlessly. Finish with the Flawless Face Powder or Highlighting Powder, using RBR Powder Brush 001.
This brush has been created specifically for our liquid & powder textures. Our Highlighter Brush allows you to evenly apply the Highlighting Liquid, as well as any of our liquid or powder products, including foundations. You can use this professional tool for local applications (concealers, colour correctors), too. The voluminous, oval shape of the brush head, combined with synthetic bristles of medium hardness, provides an excellent result, allowing a perfectly smooth application.
This professional brush helps you to apply and blend eyeshadows seamlessly and without spilling loose powder onto your cheeks. The thickness of the brush and its flat shape allow you to focus on individual areas of your eyelids, brow bone and crease smoothly and effortlessly. You can also use this brush to smooth our Eye Gloss straight onto the eye area or over our Kohl Eye Pencil. To create more intensive shades, apply Eye Shadow over our Aqua Primer. For truly dramatic intensity, use the brush wet with our Powder Eye Shadows.
The size of the brush and length of the fibres ensure that you can create the perfect pout, whether with lipstick, gloss, or a combination of both. Use the brush to apply any lip products with precision, whether alone or after using the Lip Pencil first, to outline. RBR’s make-up artists apply foundation to the lips first, to make a flawless canvas on which to paint your cupid’s bow. Outline the mouth with a pencil that is lighter than the lip gloss or lipstick you have chosen, and then carefully fill in with colour. To make the lips appear fuller, use a little of a very light or glittery shade in the centre of your bottom lip and the centre top of your upper lip.
This versatile small brush is excellent at applying and merging different eye colours with great precision. Create broad, softened lines close to the lashes for a smoky look, dry for a soft focus effect, or wet for a more dramatic finish, Use it to sweep colour under the eye for a soft outline. 
The biggest brush of the collection. Soft and sleek to the touch and perfect for any type of powder or bronzing powder. With its help you can create light, thin and even layers for a flawless, invisible finish. You can also use this brush for removing powder or excessive blusher when your make-up is finished. Take a touch of powder with the tip of the brush and brush the powder onto your skin with light flicks. This will conceal any minor skin flaws and fix the foundation with a natural matt finish. The advantage of this brush is its size – you can apply powder, highlighting powder and bronzer not only on the face, but on the neck, décolleté, arms... 
The sponge on this applicator was specifically chosen as the most effective for applying RBR Eye Shadows as its texture allows it to pick up the powder pigment perfectly. Use it to apply Eye Shadow over the entire eye area and under the eyes before blending with the appropriate brushes.
Specially created for use with all the RBR pencils, this little box of tricks allows you to sharpen three sizes of pencil; slim, medium and chubby. Clean and simple, this keeps all the shavings rapped inside until you lift the lid to empty and clean it. It even comes with its own cleaner
Rouge Bunny Rouge fine fragrances - ambassadors of the Enchanted Garden - set forth to explore the olfactory abundance of precious woody notes. With Arcadia, a mesmerising new star is born: an intense perfume inspired by visions of exotic rain forests and desert sands from outer space. Paying homage to the mythological Arcadia, a powerful source of fine art inspiration throughout the centuries, Rouge Bunny Rouge founder Alexandra de Montfort and perfumer Sonia Constant (Givaudan) have created an idyllic extra-terrestrial landscape. In this contrasting Eau de Parfum the bold spirit of an intellectual challenge meets the spellbinding expectations of unseen pleasures. A woody metallic floral, Arcadia opens with fragrant harmonies of exotic trees glistening in the rain, an unspoilt otherworldly wilderness. In its heart, an intense bouquet of vibrant, fruity flowers is embraced by hot metallic and dry mineral notes. As the fragrance unfolds, all those facets - bitter, sweet, hot, cold, humid, dry and spicy – scintillate, adorning one another like electric sparks. Aristocratic, mischievous and ambrosial like an excellent white wine, Arcadia is a delicious artisanal fragrance.
Embers accepts no reproach, exacting attention with tiny sparks of pink pepper, nutmeg and clove; hot and cold spices in balanced contrast. This landscape of tempered heat engages the emotions, wrapping and weaving with obscured familiarity. Gently stoked incense rises, trailing memories of sunlit mahogany temples, the warmth of ritual fires and the smooth-cool touch of ancient stone. An enveloping mystic aroma grounded by resinous styrax and labdanum’s ambery tones. Together lending a soft, opulent incandescence that smoulders with the promise of something equally beautiful emerging again. Sandalwood’s milky nuance and evocative aroma of young green woods, coupled with Peru balsam’s seductive billows, continues the deeply pure signature. When roused by the heat of the skin the eagerly awaiting embers of this modern oriental are ready to leap and burn again, renewed from what it once was to even brighter flame.
This weightless, long-wear liquid lipstick offers full coverage color with a soft-touch finish that glides on smoothly and lasts all day.
With a sensationally smooth, soft finish and powerful moisturizing properties of Brazil’s Cupuaçu Butter, this hydrating lipstick keeps lips protected and nourished with enduring beautiful coverage. A perfect balance of beauty and treatment.
Irresistibly sheer shades loaded with Vitamin E, Shea Butter, and Jojoba Seed Oil to moisturize, soothe, nourish, rejuvenate and protect, keeping lips smooth and hydrated 
A nourishing and conditioning lip treatment containing Maxi-Lip™, an ingredient clinically proven to help naturally increase the fullness of your lips while decreasing fine lines. This ultra-rich lip moisturizer contains Vitamin E, Shea Butter, and Jojoba Oil to protect lips from environmentally damaging elements while providing lasting hydration
A nourishing and conditioning lip treatment containing Maxi-Lip™, an ingredient clinically proven to help naturally increase the fullness of your lips while decreasing fine lines. This ultra-rich lip moisturizer contains Vitamin E, Shea Butter, and Jojoba Oil to protect lips from environmentally damaging elements while providing lasting hydration
Long-Wear Lip Topper with Coconut Oil. This weightless lip topper instantly refreshes and adds shimmer to your favorite lip color. Wear alone or pair with Jouer Long-Wear Lip Crème
This lightweight, oil-free mineral powder blush refreshes the complexion with a soft veil of color. Light-diffusing minerals create a soft finish while Japanese Green Tea Powder, Vitamins A, C & E protect against free radicals. Blush can be layered for desired color. 
Instantly illuminates cheeks and lips while creating a natural flush of color customized to your skin tone. Imparts a dewy, healthy sheen on the skin as the shade naturally adjusts to your personal pH level. Loaded with Starflower Oil to restore moisture, and Vitamins A & E to protect against free radicals. Perfectly personalized to each skin type & skin tone. 
These beautifully blendable, sheer shades are designed to complement all skin tones. With easy fingertip application, these multi-use tints can be worn on cheeks as a blush or on lips for a flush of color.
These lightweight cream highlighters instantly illuminate cheekbones, eyes, and décolleté, providing a stunning luminescence with a sheer finish. Designed to complement all skin tones.
An oil-free, mineral rich powder bronzer that promotes a healthy glowing complexion while protecting against free radicals
With the powerful properties of Gingko Biloba Leaf Extract and Aloe Vera, this mattifying bronzer naturally hydrates the skin while helping to eliminate unwanted shine. Ideal for contouring and warming up the skin tone, this bronzer contains Vitamins A & E to help improve skin’s texture while creating a smooth, bronzed finish
An advanced, lightweight, complexion oil featuring Beracare AAA®, a certified organic oil complex, which helps improve the appearance of skin and delivers lightweight moisture. Neem Oil provides toning benefits while Jojoba Oil helps to balance skin's natural sebum. The result is soft, glowing, and refined skin. 
This rich, hydrating primer formulated with clinically proven Matrixyl® 3000, containing a blend of peptides, helps restore elasticity and diminishes fine lines and wrinkles. Argan Oil and Shea Butter nourish, lift and smooth skin texture, while Vitamin E, Ginseng & Gingko Biloba Extract deliver antioxidants to skin, promoting a healthy, youthful glow.
An advanced complexion oil formulated with Revinage™,a bioretinol complex that mimics the positive effects of a Retinol, without the harsh side effects. Rose Hip Oil delivers antioxidant protection, while Starflower Oil quenches and helps to rejuvenate the skin, providing optimal hydration benefits. The result is skin that appears smoother, firmer, and more resilient. 
This oil free mattifying anti-blemish primer, formulated with Salicylic Acid, penetrates into skin to help treat existing blemishes, prevent development of new acne, and minimize the appearance of pores. Aloe, Vitamin E, Ginseng & Gingko Biloba Extract help calm redness and reduce inflammation, promoting a shine-free, even complexion. 
Water, Glycerin, Isopropyl Myristate, Isododecane, Stearic Acid, Cetyl alcohol, Triethanolamine, Glyceryl Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Trihydroxystearin, Cetearyl Alcohol, Dicetyl Phosphate, Xanthan Gum, Ceteth-10 Phosphate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Ginkgo Biloba, May contain: (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Mica (CI 77019), Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Iron Oxides (CI 77499).
This pressed powder enhances your natural complexion with a subtle, shimmery veil. Cucumber and Chamomile Extracts calm and soothe the skin while light-reflective mineral pigments even out imperfections. Perfect for all skin types and skin tones
A Mattifying Translucent Powder, designed with a soft focus complex, that hides skin imperfections while eliminating unwanted shine. Creates a smooth, matte complexion 
This lightweight luminous loose powder instantly brightens and enhances the complexion with soft, light-reflective pigments. When lightly swept across skin, the finely-milled minerals leave behind a healthy glow with just a hint of shimmer. Enriched with Vitamin E, Chamomile, Cucumber, and Pomegranate Extracts, this translucent formula helps to calm and soothe the skin. 
An easy-application, total-control eyeliner pen that delivers a precise and flawlessly clean line every time. Create a multitude of eyeliner looks from a thin line to a thick dramatic line. 
This innovative, light-reflecting eyeshadow base preps and primes eyelids to extend shadow wear and prevent creasing. Multi-mineral pigments illuminate and even out skin tone around the eye area, while Chamomile Extract calms and soothes delicate skin. Convenient click pen ensures precise application every time.
Ultra satin-like in texture, this exceptionally beautiful collection of shimmer and matte shadows, with light-diffusing mineral pigments, is oil-free and blends easily without creasing. These rich shades are a wet-to-dry formula that can be used as an eyeshadow and as a liner.
Lightweight in texture with a velvety finish, these subtle shimmers can be worn alone as a shadow, layered to illuminate the eye, or smudged along lash line to create natural definition. The soft-blending formula ensures easy fingertip application.
Jouer Crème Eyeshadow Crayons in 5 beautiful, wearable colors. Effortless application and rich pearl finish, this fast-drying formula is designed to prevent creasing and fading. Built-in sharpener included. 
Adding shape and definition, this brow definer allows for easy application to achieve subtle and perfectly natural-looking brows. Includes a convenient brow brush to blend in strokes as needed. 
This irresistible, clump-resistant mascara conditions and volumizes to create naturally defined lashes. The everyday wear formula contains Vitamin E to moisturize and condition, while formula allows for layering as needed for supple and healthy-looking lashes. 
Light reflecting particles combined with ultra-nourishing botanicals awaken dry skin and blur imperfections with a luminous finish that lasts for hours. Avocado Oil, Jojobo Oil and Green Tea Extract lock in moisture, soothe and protect the skin from environmental stress. Gently blended with the scents of Gardenia, Jasmine and Honeysuckle. - 
This revolutionary Jouer Eyelash Curler is the perfect size for all your on-the-go needs and is practical for everyday use. This durable yet chic Eyelash Curler gives lashes a natural-looking curl that can also deliver a more dramatic affect if desired. 
Designed for dusting loose or press powders over face and décolleté. - See more at: https://www.jouercosmetics.com/shop-products/tools/powder-brush-no-1#sthash.bkiTqFEz.dpuf
Designed for applying powder shadows on eyelids as a base and creating definition along the lid's natural crease.
With its rounded shape tip, Jouer's Crème Brush No. 4 allows for just the right amount of product pickup and blends créme formulas with ease. - See more at: https://www.jouercosmetics.com/shop-products/tools/cr-me-brush-no-4#sthash.wlEALCfU.dpuf
To achieve true definition along lash line, the tapered, thin flat tip of Jouer's Eye Definer Bush No. 5 allows precision and even application of eye definers and shadows in crème or wet-to-dry formulas. 
The perfect travel-size brush ideal for applying Jouer's blush, tint or bronzer. With a soft domed head, Jouer's Mini Travel Brush allows for a beautiful, even application. Distinctively designed for on-the-go needs. 
Designed to work with your favorite Jouer blush, bronzer, or all over luminizing powder. Lightly sweeps a soft veil of color evenly over face, neck and décolleté.
Beautiful whipped moisturizing body butter infused with the softly blended scents of Gardenia, Jasmine and Honeysuckle. 
A beautiful blend of Gardenia, Jasmine and Honeysuckle, combined with Jojoba Oil, offers a soft classic floral scent in a convenient, portable roll-on vial.
Beautifully sheer and moisturizing, Jouer lipstick is loaded with vitamin E and aloe vera to lock in moisture and assist in keeping lips smooth, nourished and protected.
Jouer Long Wear Creme Mousse Eyeshadow offers long-wear, high-impact shimmer with a formula rich in marine botanicals. It blends effortlessly while firming the eyelids and reducing the appearance of wrinkles. The crease-resistant shadow provides ease in application with a smooth, velvety finish.
Rich in vitamin E, the creamy and smooth formula is waterproof, long-wearing and transfer resistant. The velvety definer glides on with ease for defining and shaping.
Think you can't pull off or even apply liquid eyeliner? That's why Jouer created the revolutionary, long-wearing liquid liner that is completely fool-proof. The subtle shimmer in each shade offers extreme wearability while the water-base formula allows for a little extra dry-down time. Designed to prevent from creasing or fading to keep your look polished throughout the day and night, it’s also rich in vitamins A and E.
This smooth gel formula glides on perfectly. Use it as a long-lasting eyeshadow or eyeliner! Enriched with Vitamin E to nourish and hydrate the delicate eye area.
The cooling sensation of the Eye Refresh rollerball brightens and refreshes the eye area to help alleviate under eye puffiness and dark circles. Infused with key ingredients Pomegranate, Rosemary, Green Tea, Cucumber and Grape to hydrate and nourish the delicate skin around your eyes. Perfect for portable on-the-spot treatment to awaken the skin throughout the day for a little pick-me-up. Eye Refresh is great for men too!
This pencil case and sharpener is designed for the e.l.f. Duo Stix. Great for your purse or travel. Holds up to 3 Duo Stix.
Wash this hydrating liquid eyeshadow over lids for a vibrant, metallic look (and an irresistible cooling effect). The formula is infused with Purified Water and Vitamin E to help hydrate.
This cream glides on smoothly to sculpt, shade, and define brows. It can also be used as eyeshadow or eyeliner for gorgeous, long-lasting color.
Keep brows perfectly trimmed and shaped with this Brow Comb + Brush. The comb side works to smooth brows for a polished, neat look. The angled brush side helps to softens hair texture and distribute product. Doubles as a lash comb to separate and remove clumps when applying mascara
This pro-strength primer helps lock on eyeshadow color to avoid fallout, fading, and smudging. The Lightweight texture helps intensify color for a gorgeous look. Enriched with Kaolin Clay to help lock on color and absorb excess oil, along with antioxidant Vitamin E.
Create a flawless, natural look with this lightweight liquid matte eyeshadow. This silky smooth formula defines and contours the eyes for long wear. Enriched with Vitamin E to help nourish and hydrate.
This premium point tweezer is crafted for precision use. The ultra-fine pointed tip provides controlled use for targeting small and hard to reach hairs. Superior stainless steel provides durability for long lasting use.
This clear wax pencil helps shape and tame brows for a flawless look that stays put. Draw on perfection with this clear pencil that is universally flattering for any hair color. The soft lightweight formula styles, enhances, and keeps brow hairs in place for a groomed, natural look. Enriched with antioxidant Vitamin E to help nourish the skin.
This fan shaped brush is designed to easily and expertly apply mascara, help build volume, and lengthen the look of your lashes. Great for applying cream eyeliner, smudging liner, and combing through lashes.
This quick-dry formula instantly enhances the lash line with rich and long-lasting color. The felt tip pen allows you to create a sleek or bold line with complete precision. It glides on smoothly without smudging, feathering, or running!
Specially packaged disposable applicators for eyeshadow. Perfect for quick hygienic use for any cosmetologist, makeup artist or beauty expert. Great for applying loose, cream and pressed eyeshadow or any other eye product.
This new anti-bacterial, synthetic-haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! This thin pointed brush creates even and accurate color application in one fluid movement. The perfect angled tip of the brush provides exact placement for concentrated color right up to the lash line. Use to apply eyeliner for perfect color application.
Create gorgeous curled lashes that appear larger and more defined with this sleek design. Use this curler to curl all lashes simultaneously curl lashes individually and precisely. Comfortably fits all eye shapes and an ergonomic shape provides control and ease of use.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! This dual sided tool creates beautifully groomed lashes and brows and is great for removing mascara clumps and shaping and defining eyebrows.
Apply eye makeup flawlessly with this innovative and mistake-proof Mascara & Shadow Shield. The silicon flexible and convenient design works to shield your skin against mascara smears and eyeshadow fallout. The reusable and reversible design works on both eyes, under eye or over eye, for easy makeup application. The ideal tool for achieving gorgeous eye looks without smudges and fallout! Great for makeup artists or aspiring makeup artists.
This firm Flat Eyeliner Brush creates precision lines for instant definition. The straight blunt cut provides full-color intensity for smooth and even consistency. Use with powder, liquid or cream products for a flawless lined eye.
Achieve perfectly shaped brows to accentuate your face. These reusable stencils are easy to use. With 4 stencils to choose from: Curved Arch, Soft Arch, Structured Arch and Full Arch, it makes these brow stencils suitable for all brow and face shapes. Now your eyebrows can look picture perfect everyday!
Double-sided, velvety soft applicators apply eye makeup evenly and easily without streaks or creases. These disposable applicators are perfect for blending colors and creating definition to help you achieve any eye look. Set includes 4 Eyeshadow Applicators.
A unique slanted tweezer ergonomically designed for easy and accurate tweezing. Professional quality stainless steel construction provides a strong grip that will easily remove any unwanted hairs.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! Creates detailed pin-pointed color application. Great for blending in eyeliner and shadow to create a smokey eye look or to fill in brows. Use to apply powder to line eyes or create concentrated color definition
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! Creates thin lines and precise coverage. Applies color evenly for small targeted areas.
Achieve precise cover up with this on-the-spot Concealer Brush, specifically designed to mask imperfections and cover blemishes for a totally flawless look.
This synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! Creates precise color application. Creates even, thin and straight lines every time. Use to apply lip color, eyebrow color, or to line eyes
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! The domed bristles pick up a lot of color and deposit it onto the eyelid for extra definition. Adds depth close to the lash line and in the corner of the eye. Use to sweep colors along the lash lines for concentrated color
Each complete Lash Collection provides the essential tools for creating beautiful, lush eyelashes for any occasion. The lightweight and soft lashes fit comfortably on the lash line to give an enhanced look with easy application. Use the half strips for a natural look or the full strips for a more dramatic effect.
Increase the intensity of your makeup colors and lock it on instantly with Makeup Lock & Seal. Coat your eyeliner, shadow, lipsticks, blush, brow color and more for a sealed smudge-proof wear. The quick dry and easy to use formula keeps your makeup in place for hours. Say goodbye to makeup smudges and hello to makeup that stays put!
This clear top coat instantly gives any mascara a long-lasting, waterproof finish. The Vitamin E enriched formula conditions lashes to help maintain their softness. The silicone brush easily combs through lashes while evenly coating them with this lightweight waterproof shield.
Mascara smears? Uneven eyeliner? Quickly remove or correct small makeup smudges, smears and mistakes without having to take off the rest of your makeup! The gentle and non-greasy formula erases even long wearing and waterproof makeup for flawless touch ups, perfect for throwing in your purse or gym bag when you're on-the-go! Infused with Vitamin E, Cucumber and Chamomile to moisturize and condition skin.
Gently and easily cleans skin to remove all traces of makeup and dirt, even waterproof mascara. Great for on-the-go travel. Gentle cloths are soft and soothing for even the most sensitive skin. Infused with Aloe Vera Extract for deep hydration and moisture. 20 Pre-moistened cloths included.
No mess, no hassle - just gorgeous lashes! Achieve lashes exactly how you want them with our top-rated Individual Lash Kit. Easy application and comfort grip gel allows for multiple uses so you can repeatedly achieve lush lashes again and again. Set includes 18 Individual Lashes, Contour Tray, Lash Adhesive Gel.
No mess, no hassle - just gorgeous lashes! Get full lashes for any occasion with our top-rated Dramatic Lash Kit. Easy application and comfort grip gel allows for multiple uses so you can repeatedly achieve showstopping lush lashes again and again. Set includes Pair of Dramatic Lashes, Contour Tray, Lash Adhesive Gel.
No mess, no hassle - just naturally beautiful lashes! Get full lashes for any occasion with our top-rated Natural Lash Kit. Easy application and comfort grip gel allows for multiple uses so you can achieve natural looking lush lashes again and again.
Create the perfect brows and keep lashes full and lush with this Eyelash & Brow Wand. The spooley brush head helps to define lashes and remove clumps after mascara application. It also aids in brow contouring to create perfectly coiffed, elegantly shaped eyebrows.
Create dramatic, smokey eye looks with this soft tapered applicator. Use the sponge tip to expertly smudge and blend eyeliner and eyeshadow for a totally custom look.
Refined, gentle brush tip perfectly reaches the inner and outer lash line for ultra thin and smooth application. Works perfectly with wet or dry formulations for a variety of lasting looks.
Blends and contours in the crease and corners of the eye. This domed bristle brush picks up eye color and sweeps it onto the eyelid to create bold definition. Great for smudging shadow into the lash line for a smoky effect. 
This new antibacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush! The unique angle and width of this brush creates mistake-proof eye color contouring so you can apply color with accuracy and comfort. Use this brush to apply base eyeshadow and crease eyeshadow for precise product application.
The soft bristles of the Defining Eye Brush add a beautiful wash of color to your eye for added depth and definition. The angled bristles are shaped to contour the crease of the eyelid or right underneath the brow bone for added color.
Expertly blends multiple eye shades while softening dramatic edges and fine lines. Using a Blending Eye brush after shadow and liner application creates a natural finish to any eye look. This brush can also multitask – use it to set powder or liquid concealer.
Specially sheered brush tip absorbs the perfect amount of eye shadow and provides long lasting color saturation. The comfort curved brush contours the eye with natural gliding strokes for easy and accurate eye shadow application.
Forget the mess of liquid eye makeup remover and say hello to our easy to use Eye Makeup Remover Pads! Package is perfectly sized for travel and for the girl on-the-go, just throw it in your purse or gym bag! Simply swipe a remover pad over eye makeup when you're ready to remove, or use to correct eye makeup mistakes or smudges. Your eyes will feel fresh and clean with the gentle formula. Fragrance Free. 24 pads included. 
Achieve thicker, fuller and longer lashes that are beautiful and natural with the e.l.f. Lengthening & Defining Mascara. The unique formula is clump-free and quick drying so you can have color that stays on all day with no smudging and no flaking for beautiful defined lashes.
Volumize lashes with mascara that boosts curls for a dramatic look. Coat your lashes in this Vitamin E enriched formula for lashes that appear fuller and thicker for a long-lasting effect.
Achieve thicker, fuller, and longer lashes that are beautiful and natural. The enlarged brush coats your lashes evenly for an enhanced appeal. The unique formula is clump free and quick drying so you can have color that stays on all day with no smudging and no flaking. Waterproof, tear-proof and sweat proof for a look that lasts against all odds.
Achieve thicker, fuller, and longer lashes that are beautiful and natural. The enlarged brush coats your lashes evenly for an enhanced appeal. The unique formula is clump free and quick drying so you can have color that stays on all day with no smudging and no flaking.
Lashes instantly appear longer and fuller with a rich curl for ultimate definition. This fiber infused mascara gives lashes maximum extension for a lengthened look, while the ingredient rich formula has Vitamin B & E, Wheat Protein and Panthenol to condition and enhance lashes.
This mascara creates voluptuous lashes that are full and defined. The vitamin B&E enriched formula conditions lashes, and the silicone brush effortlessly combs through lashes, coating them evenly for a rich finish.
Create lush and bold lashes with our Volume Pluming Mascara. The oversized brush fully coats lashes from root to tip for an intense and dramatic effect. The Vitamin B rich formula conditions and strengthens for visibly healthier looking lashes.
Create an airbrush effect with the Flawless Concealer Brush using any liquid or powder concealer. The unique rounded shape allows you to contour and cover areas easily. Create buildable coverage from light to heavy for a customizable look that is smooth and flawless.
Lengthen and volumize eyelashes instantly with this Mascara Primer. Revitalize lashes with Pro-Vitamin B5, Hydrolyzed Wheat and Soy Protein-enriched formula. An excellent conditioning base for mascara. Coat each lash with this nourishing primer for lashes that appear naturally thicker, longer and stronger!
An all-in-one professional mascara that lengthens, defines and volumizes lashes. The uniquely shaped, multipurpose silicone brush has precision bristles to coat every lash for a dramatic look. The maximum performance, long-lasting formula gives all day smudge-free, budge-free wear for gorgeous lashes.
The top rated Mineral Infused Mascara creates fuller, healthier looking lashes. Enhance lashes for a naturally thicker and more volumized look. The long-wear formula and unique silicone brush creates a clump free and defined application for gorgeous lashes all day.
This creamy and pigment rich Jumbo Eyeshadow Stick is perfect for creating a natural or smoky eyeshadow look. Infused with nourishing Vitamin E to condition the delicate eye area. The twist up component and smooth glide formula is easy to use for on-the-go beauty. All colors, except Like A Boss, have a shimmer finish.
Soft and fluffy, these vibrant, shimmering Long Lasting Lustrous Eyeshadow colors can be used as eyeshadow or a bold liner. The whipped gel texture is easy to blend and lightweight for lasting comfort and wear. Perfect for highlighting the brow bone and adding extra shimmer for a truly glam look.
The silky and blendable formula of our Baked Eyeshadow provides smooth and even application with each sweep of color. Baked in an oven, these eyeshadows offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. The long-lasting and shimmering color can be worn wet for a vibrant effect or dry for sheer pigmentation, offering a variety of gorgeous eye looks!
This Taklon brush can be used with wet or dry products. This loose, dome-shaped brush is perfect for blending eyeshadow. It blends color effortlessly on the lid and crease and can also be used to apply concealer. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush!
Applies eyeshadow precisely into the crease of the eyelid for an expertly blended look. The tapered tip is great for contouring to add depth and definition. This brush works great with loose or pressed eyeshadow-wet or dry! The soft Taklon bristles are vegan-friendly and easy to clean.
This convenient dual-sided brush includes a dense angled brush on one end to precisely fill in and contour brows while the wand side combs and shapes hair into place. Perfect to use with powder, cream, and gel formulas for a polished look.
Preps your eyelid for smoother, longer-lasting and crease-proof eyeshadow. The lightweight liquid formula quickly absorbs into the skin for comfortable wear and increases eye color longevity.
This slim mechanical pencil shapes, defines, and fills in brows for a natural, polished look. The dual-sided design applies color with the fine tip liner on one side and tames and combs brows with the other to create natural and defined-looking eyebrows. 
Use a light touch for thin lines or a firmer touch for thicker lines.
Instantly brighten eyes with e.l.f. Cosmetics shimmering metallic liners that put the spotlight on eyes. The smooth formulation glides on effortlessly without tugging at the delicate eye area. Choose from an assortment of vibrant shades designed to add depth, definition and a special sparkle to create a very glamorous look! Pencil includes a convenient sharpener cap for easy use!
Preps your eyelid for smoother, longer-lasting, and crease-proof glitter eyeshadow. The lightweight liquid formula quickly absorbs into the skin for comfortable wear, increases eye color longevity, and creates a lasting bond for stay-put glitter that holds. Infused with Shea Butter and Jojoba to nourish the delicate eye area. Great with loose or pressed glitter eyeshadows.
Primes the under eye area to help prevent concealer from setting into fine lines and wearing off. Infused with Vitamins C & E, Shea, Green Tea, Aloe, and Ginko Biloba to nourish and condition the skin. The sheer, silky smooth texture reduces the appearance of fine lines, puffiness, and wrinkles.
Create definition that's soft, natural and brilliant. The natural based formula provides gentle coverage for even the most sensitive eyes. The twist up applicator is easy for instant use, no sharpening required. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
No more tugging or pulling on your eyelids with this easy glide Expert Liquid Liner. The smudge-proof liner is rich in color, creating a long lasting defined look. The fine tip brush creates easy and precise definition for natural or dramatic eye effects.
This soft white eye pencil goes on smooth and blends easily, creating an illusion of bright and beautiful eyes. Use the Eye Widener pencil to line the lower lid, outer corners, inner corners, or even as a highlight for your browbone. The pearly white pencil helps to awaken tired eyes for a more youthful and vibrant look!
The rich gel-powder formulation of our Brightening Eye Liners instantly brighten eyes for a healthy, radiant look. These liners glide on smooth without tugging the delicate eye area. Pair with your favorite e.l.f. eyeshadows and mascara for gorgeous, defined eyes
The cream formula creates smooth lines that are defined and precise. Smudge-proof, budge-proof and water-resistant coverage for all day wear to combat against sweat, tears or rain! Achieve thin or bold lines with ease. Slanted Eyeliner Brush included.
This soft pencil defines and shades the eye with rich blendable color so you can use it as an eyeliner or eyeshadow. Infused with Cocoa Butter, Shea Butter, Coconut, Jojoba, Mango and Sandalwood Oil to condition and nourish the skin. The easy glide formula is perfect for creating a dramatic smoky eye. This dual-ended pencil includes a sponge tip on one end for blending and a built-in sharpener cap for convenient sharpening.
The long-lasting Precision Liquid Eyeliner formula and pigment rich color glides on smoothly for defined and precise lines. Features a tapered brush design to create thin or bold lines for a custom look. Try a winged-eyeliner look and unleash your inner retro diva!
This innovative lip tint reacts with the chemistry of your lips to deliver a personalized, perfect shade of pink, berry. or peach! The ethereal hue gives a sheer flush of color that enhances the natural beauty of your lips. The gel-based formula glides on smoothly and is infused with Shea Butter to moisturize and nourish.
This beautiful lacquer lip gloss provides maximum color and brilliant shine, The Vitamin E enriched formula is smooth, comfortable, and moisturizing. Perfect for wearing alone or layered over lipstick for a bold lip statement.
This beautifully tinted lip balm helps create baby soft lips so you can always be kissable! Each color provides a sheer tint of coverage for a lovely and luscious lip effect. Infused with Vitamin A & E, Grape Seed Oil, and Jojoba Oil to help nourish, protect, and moisturize lips. The silky smooth formula glides on lips for lasting comfort while the minty flavor keeps lips feeling fresh.
This light-diffusing powder camouflages fine lines, dark circles and imperfections, perfect for on camera or everyday wear. The silky powder adds a velvety finish ideal for wearing alone or setting in cream concealer. The Vitamin C & K infused formula helps to restore and strengthen skin for a revitalized appearance.
The velvety, satin texture glides on lips with vibrant color and luminous shine. Enriched with Shea and Vitamins A, C, & E to nourish and hydrate the lips. The rich, creamy formula seals in moisture for long-lasting wear and comfort.
This lightly tinted lip balm gives the perfect flush of color for a beautiful, natural look. The Coconut, Grape, Shea Butter and Rice Wax infused formula conditions lips on contact for long-lasting, hydrating comfort.
This convenient jumbo sized lip pencil creates exact color application with twist up ease so you never have to sharpen - but we included a sharpener at the base just in case! The pigment rich color glides on effortlessly and easily to provide long lasting matte color. The enriched Vitamin A, C & E formula moisturizes and hydrates lips for beautiful healthy looking lips.
California in a compact! A super refined bronzer developed with coated pigments that help the product blend evenly—all in a take-everywhere compact. Plus, it’s infused with Photoset Mineral Complex to stay on skin for up to 8 hours.
Get the ultimate West Coast glow—on-the-go! From Santa Monica to Sunset Boulevard, our latest innovation in illumination is inspired by the magic light of L.A. Multipurpose color for cheeks and lips. There’s a shade for any look, from a subtle sheen to a full-on flush. The lightweight, brightening formula feels and looks as natural as your own skin—only more illuminated and gorgeous.
Experience instant chemistry as your complexion is transformed from so-so to oh-so-glowing! The clear gel in this intuitive formula reacts with your personal skin chemistry to turn cheeks the color you blush in just seconds! O-GLOW works on every skin tone, from the lightest to the darkest, to give everyone a customized flush of color. When applied, your skin''s moisture activates the innovative formula, producing a rosy blush. O-GLOW'S revolutionary silicone-based clear gel is easy to blend, fragrance-free, and glides on smoothly for a healthy, glowing blush that's you, only prettier. 
A precision click-through pen for a dewy, gorgeous glow-anywhere. The creamy, shimmery formula changes the way light reflects off of the face to imitate a beautifully lit photo every time you use it.
A dual-fiber, multi-tasking brush with 3 coverage levels-full, medium and sheer. Now instead of fussing with three separate brushes, you can reach for just this one-whether you need different levels of coverage on various parts of your face, or want all-over fuller coverage during the workweek and lighter coverage on weekends. 
Because concealer alone sometimes just doesn't cut it, we've developed this breakthrough to prep for application that immediately wakens and brightens skin. Photo Op can be used on any area of the face to highlight and add radiance, too. 
Fall in love with your skin—before you put on makeup—with the first ever primer specially formulated in a lightweight, lustrous oil. This fast-absorbing hero blend of 15 essential and lipid-rich plant oils penetrate instantly to moisturize your face for seamless foundation application with a dewy, youthful finish. In fact, you might think twice before you reach for your makeup. Our studio artists love face oils for their liquid luminosity and rely on our primers to prep skin for makeup. So it felt like a win-win to develop a breakthrough formula with the pay-off of both cult products. This signature blend is the perfect fusion of 15 oils like jojoba, Arabica and Argan—all handpicked for their known skin benefits. To de-stress your morning routine, calming chamomile and lavender oils sooth senses while the light veil reduces the appearance of dry, fine lines and makes you glow. Add a drop to our Studio Skin foundation for a natural, second-skin look without sacrificing any coverage. 
Our oil-free, 60% water based primer is ideal for oily, acne-prone or sensitive skin. This silky blend of vitamins and antioxidants can be worn alone or under foundation to help reduce the appearance of fine lines and pores for visibly softer skin. The revolutionary formula has oil absorbers for a smooth matte finish all day, light diffusers to minimize the appearance of imperfections, and vitamin C and peptides to help even skin tone and promote collagen production for a flawless future. Now in a sleek tube for perfect dispensing down to the last drop! 
Our oil-free, 60% water based primer is ideal for oily, acne-prone or sensitive skin. This silky blend of vitamins and antioxidants can be worn alone or under foundation to help reduce the appearance of fine lines and pores for visibly softer skin. The revolutionary formula has oil absorbers for a smooth matte finish all day, light diffusers to minimize the appearance of imperfections, and vitamin C and peptides to help even skin tone and promote collagen production for a flawless future. Now in a sleek tube for perfect dispensing down to the last drop! 
Think priming benefits, hydration and sheer radiance—all in just 1 spritz! Primer water is free of silicone, alcohol and oil, but it’s packed with revitalizing electrolytes to wake up skin and restore moisture—like a supercharged energy drink for your skin. Passed through positive energy fields during the production process, our enriched water instantly absorbs into skin for lasting hydration (and when skin is hydrated, makeup looks better). 
Banish blemishes! This perfecting primer treats breakouts, provides oil-free hydration and keeps skin clearer over time. Clinical testing showed women had clearer skin in just 2 weeks. Contains 2% salicylic acid. 
Prime, protect, and correct in just one step! This anti-aging primer creates the perfect canvas for foundation application. Worn alone or under foundation, this unique formula helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines and pores for visibly softer skin. SPF 20 helps guard against harmful UVA/UVB rays. 
Say goodbye to visible pores! Prime to perfection, plus dramatically blur and reduce the appearance of pores instantly and for up to 8 hours. The first step to any great close-up is great skin--skin that's free of fine lines and pores. We developed this formula to dramatically blur and reduce the appearance of pores instantly and for up to 8 hours. It also mattifies shine and controls oil for up to 8 hours. Think of it as the Powerblur--and the best way to start your makeup every day.
Introducing the first primer dedicated to the delicate skin under eyes! We've taken our signature silky primer texture and infused it with 10 breakthrough benefits to address everyday eye woes. Plus, it keeps concealer looking fresh-never cakey or settled into fine lines-so eyes will always look well-rested. 10 under-eye benefits, 1 primer breakthrough for: Hydration, dark circles, puffiness, radiance, fine lines and wrinkles, texture, skin tone, age spots, clarity, soothing. Wear alone to instantly brighten. Wear under concealer to keep it looking fresher, better. Unlike moisturizer, signature silky primer texture prevents concealer from slipping off and settling into fine lines. Infused with anti-aging, good-for-your-eyes ingredients such as caffeine, peptides and optical diffusers
The key to healthier, younger-looking skin? Hydration, as any studio artist will tell you. The latest addition to our legendary primer family immediately quenches skin and seals in moisture for hours after, thanks to Hydraplex, an extract derived from desert plants.
Color correcting, wrinkle reducing, and dark spot defying - talk about a miracle product! Create a perfect canvas for foundation application and even out skin tone with this silky, lightweight blend of antioxidants and vitamins A & E. The formula helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines and pores for visibly softer, younger-looking skin. Wear under foundation or alone for a velvety-smooth finish. Now in a sleek tube for perfect dispensing-down to the last drop! Counteract discoloration and dark spots. ADJUST is green-toned to reduce redness.
Time to take it all off! Our super effective, yet ultra-gentle remover lifts everything off lashes, lids and lips-even long-wearing and waterproof makeup. 
Ultra-voluminous power brows are dominating runways. It’s time to shape up. Over plucked brows? We’ve all been there. Piercings that left sparse patches? Forgiven. Don’t let your past hold you back from runway-ready arches. Shape up and add volume to even the skimpiest brows with BROW TECH SHAPING POWDER. Our ultra-fine loose powder mimics hair to fill in sparse patches, create realistic volume and add lift. Dial up the intensity from naturally well-defined to power brow bold, so you can finally have the brows of your dreams. 
Get glossed! This slim pencil glides on for subtly defined brows with a natural-looking, glossy finish. Double-ended with a spoolie brush for grooming and polishing. 
A brow pencil with an ultra-fine point that allows you to mimic hairs to extend your brows and fill in sparseness.
A highlighting brow pencil that glides on for subtle color and multi-dimensional, shimmery finish. Double-ended with a spoolie brush for grooming and polishing. 
Nothing makes a picture pop like some serious color, so with that in mind, we’ve developed a spectrum of high-impact, richly pigmented hues from powerful purples to bold blues. Try a colorful cat eye, graphic editorial look and so much more. It’s all about playtime with this take-anywhere pen that combines the intensity of a gel with the creativity of a magic marker—no brush required! It’s time to look at liner from a new angle: A unique flexible tip with a versatile, angled shape lets you create any line from thin to thick. Plus, the creamy formula glides on for a smooth line every time.
Ditch your sharpener, but stay sharp! This waterproof kohl eyeliner glides on and self-sharpens every time you twist the cap off. Inspired by Smashbox pros who sharpen before every use on set, this first-of-its-kind pencil has a sharpener built right into the cap for a perfect tip-so you'll always get a precise line.
Our waterproof long-wearing liner provides bold definition for up to 8 hours. This creamy, easy-to-apply formula contains vitamin E and jojoba oil to protect. The cap houses a unique built-in sharpener so you'll always have the most precise application.
Create modern eye looks from softly subtle to gorgeously glam with this waterproof liquid liner pen. Unlike other liners, the precision tip pen provides smooth and controlled application every time and easily draws a thin or thick line in one sweep. 
On your mark, JET SET, go! This waterproof, crease-resistant gel liner glides on with ease, then dries in 60 seconds flat for smudge-proof lines and precisely defined eyes. 
Giving is gorgeous! To support Breast Cancer Awareness Month, we’ve dressed up our best-selling Photo Finish 24 Hour Shadow Primer with the iconic pink ribbon exclusively for the Estée Lauder Companies' Breast Cancer Awareness (BCA) Campaign. Learn more at www.bcacampaign.com. A studio-tested, life-proven shadow primer that locks on more vibrant color for a full 24 hours! 
A studio-tested, life-proven shadow primer that locks on more vibrant color for a full 24 hours! We tested it and proved that it truly lasts in real life for a full 24 hours-whether you're at an A.M. yoga class or after-hours drinks.
From the primer authority, our first ever 10-in-1 lash primer for the amped-up lashes of your dreams. Perfected on photo shoots to condition and lift lashes to new heights, our formula plumps lashes and makes mascara last longer—but never flakes or smudges. Layer for high drama. Our specially-designed, dual-sided Two-Timer brush features an ultra-thin comb for clean, clump-free separation and molded bristles that enrobe each lash.
Created on set in our L.A. photo studio to be our most versatile mascara! The oversized tapered brush and fiber formula work overtime to create outrageous volume, serious lift and a high-shine, glossy finish.
Inspired by the on-set technique of layering lengthening fiber mascara over a volumizing formula, our new waterproof mascara exposes your longest, fullest lashes. No clumps, no flakes. Just maximum-impact, scene-stealing lashes.
Rev up your lashes with this high intensity all-in-one mascara that lifts, lengthens, volumizes and defines. The unique dual applicator has a brush on one side and a comb on the other for beautifully full, amazingly long, clump-free lashes in seconds. Rich pigments bind to lashes for an ultra-dramatic look.
Create the perfect canvas for shadow application with this ultra-luxurious lid primer. Just like our best-selling, award-winning face primer, this formula glides on and instantly helps smooth and perfect lids. Wear it alone for a flawless natural eye or under any shadow. Soft focus pearls help diminish the appearance of fine lines and discoloration on the lids.
Created on set in our L.A. photo studio, Indecent Exposure creates long, lavish, perfectly defined lashes that make your eyes the focal point of every picture. Take your look from barely there to make' em stare—with just a few strokes. 
Saturated shades of gloss with mirror-smooth shine that's never sticky. Inspired by photo gels found on set, this gloss starts with a clear, hydrating base free of traditional heavy binders (meaning no stick-factor), then it's infused slowly with bold pigments (unlike most glosses that are over-processed in a rush).
Say hello to the next-generation of lip color, BE LEGENDARY LONG WEAR LIP LACQUER—the new boundary-pushing formula that delivers maximum high-lacquered color with major comfort—all day long. Goes on as a lacquer, then uniquely adjusts to a stain for 8 hours of long-lasting color. Our formula pushes saturated, long-wearing color to the limit by literally maxing out the amount of staining pigments we could blend in. (This way, hi-res photos pop with true color.) Then by mixing it with glossy-finish pearls and conditioning vitamin E, you get a velvety, lacquer-like finish that stays put without feeling tacky or drying. 
Get a shiny pink pout all your own! The first intuitive lip gloss, this innovative formula goes on clear and then reacts with your personal skin chemistry to instantly transform into your own custom shade of pink. 
Get a perfectly plump pink pout all your own! O-PLUMP is an intuitive lip plumper that goes on clear and then reacts with your personal chemistry to turn lips your own custom shade of pink, while instantly plumping to perfection. It's packed with our exclusive Goji Berry-C Complex™, Gingermint, ginkgo biloba, pomegranate seed antioxidants, revitalizing marine botanicals and nourishing avocado oil for color and shine.
A long-wearing, water-resistant lip liner that self-sharpens every time you twist the cap off. ust like our award-winning Always Sharp Eye Liners, our lip liners have a tiny built-in sharpener in the tip of the cap, so they self-sharpen every time you twist off the cap. Shape matters! Enhancing your shape is a cinch when you have a precise tip that always glides on—whether you need to accentuate your cupid’s bow for fullness, or line your inside edges for a slimming effect.
Isododecane, Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polybutene, Petrolatum, Cyclohexasiloxane, Kaolin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Beeswax, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Glyceryl Behenate/Eicosadioate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Propylene Carbonate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Prunus Armeniaca (Apricot) Kernel Oil, Simmondsia Chinesis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Cyclopentasiloxane, Flavor, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, [+/- Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Carmine (CI 75470), Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Mica, Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 22 Lake (CI 45380), Red 28 (CI 45410), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Red 30 (CI 73360), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Red 33 Lake (CI 17200), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15895). *Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up to date list of ingredients.
Give your lipstick a matte makeover—instantly! Developed on set to minimize the number of lipsticks our pro artists carry in their kits, this gel transforms any cream lipstick into a velvety matte finish that’s never chalky. 
An exclusive shade of our best-selling Be Legendary Lipstick - all dressed up! To celebrate Art Basel, artist Donald Robertson (aka the Andy Warhol of Instagram / @donalddrawbertson) dressed up this lipstick sleeve with his one-of-a-kind, iconic drawings. Just one swipe and you'll see this is the stuff beauty legends are made of.
This domed brush contours to the apples of the cheeks to softly apply blush and face powder. The full goat hair brush allows for seamless blending and diffusing, while the tip can be used for contouring.
This feather-light fan brush softly and seamlessly applies Halo Hydrating Perfecting Powder and Bronze Lights and Blush Rush. Use it to apply even the darkest shades lightly for a perfect, natural finish every time. It''s also a must-have tool for lifting away any excess shadow that may have fallen during application without disturbing makeup.
This flat, thin precision-tip brush enables flawless application of cream and liquid concealers, even in hard-to-reach areas like the inner corner of the eye and along the lower lashline. The rounded edges and wide base allow for effortless blending, while the pointed tip ensures accurate application and seamless results. 
This round, tapered shadow brush is the perfect size for applying or blending an all-over wash of shadow. The density of the soft pony hair makes it an ideal tool for packing color onto the lid if desired. The shape contours perfectly to the lid, while depositing and blending shadow evenly.
This traditional watercolor brush turns any novice into a pro by picking up and blending even the deepest colors lightly. Dip Precision Concealer Brush #5 into any shadow and gradually blend pigment over lid until desired definition is achieved. An absolute must-have in every artist's bag!
Want a complexion as flawless as a cover girl? Paint your way to perfection with this makeup artist staple that works wonders for application of Liquid Halo HD Foundation and Halo Hydrating Perfecting Powder. The non-makeup-absorbing bristles flawlessly apply foundation or cream cheek color, giving you just the right amount of coverage without wasting any product.
This dense, bullet-shaped eye shadow brush is perfect for detailing, contouring and blending with the ultimate control. You can also use it to smudge shadow over liner for a smoky eye effect.
Our DOUBLE-ENDED SMUDGER BRUSH #20 is the perfect tool for a smoky eye. One end is made of dense foam, ideal for thick, bold smudging, and the other end is a brush that achieves a softer, lighter smoky effect.
A must-have for Brow Tech To Go fans, this stiff bristled brush is angled to help create the perfect eyebrow. Use to brush brow powder and wax into the brow with ease for a polished look all day.
Apply liner like a pro with our best-selling precision brush. The same brush head as our popular EYE LINER BRUSH #8 with an ergonomic bend to conform to the shape of the eyes, providing better control and flawless application in one quick, easy stroke. Use it to apply CREAM EYE LINER, JET SET WATERPROOF EYE LINER, or any EYE SHADOW along the lashline and inner rim.
A take-anywhere pen with a unique flexible tip that combines the intensity of a gel with the creativity of a marker for a smooth line every time. Nothing makes a picture pop like some serious color. Smashbox developed a spectrum of high-impact, richly-pigmented hues from powerful purples to bold blues. It’s all about playtime with this Photo Angle Pure Pigment Gel Liner, which combines the boldness of a gel with the originality of a marker—no brush required. The unique flexible tip features a versatile, angled shape that lets you create any line from thin to thick. Plus, the creamy formula glides on for a smooth line every time. With up to 36 hours of non-stop wear, you never have to worry about smudging, flaking, or fading. This waterproof formula dries instantly for a head-turning look that lasts. 
Every photographer color corrects to balance and brighten. Trust us, even supermodels need a little fairy dust. Now, you can easily color your way to complexion perfection with our new line of four creamy skin tone-evening sticks—each with its own power to transform: Green instantly reduces redness, Lavender brightens sallowness/yellowness and Peach (for light skin) or Orange (for deeper skin) illuminates to conceal dark circles and hyper pigmentation. Downplay the aftermath of a late night or minimize the flush of rosacea—with just a swipe of lush, blendable color. Color correction calls for spot-on application—meaning, less is more. Unlike palettes and bulky bullet sticks, our pencil-like tip lets you erase only imperfections so your best skin stays naturally radiant. Plus, the moisturizing vitamin E-infused formula blurs fine lines and pores. The satin finish is always natural once you cover with foundation or concealer.
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)] 
BH Cosmetics Carli Bybel Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Carli Bybel Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Octyldodecanol, Ceresin, Polybutene, Polyethylene, Diisostearyl Malate, Synthetic Beeswax, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance (Parfum), Benzyl Salicylate, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Alcohol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410)] 
BH Cosmetics Shaaanxo Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Shaaanxo Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Developed in our L.A. photo studio to mimic the depth and dimension of the magic light of L.A., this foolproof palette features two tonal shades of blush—one true and one rich—plus their perfectly matched highlighter for a radiant, natural-looking West Coast glow. Getting a fresh, youthful flush for any occasion just got a lot more low maintenance. We partnered two carefully curated, tonal shades of blush with their perfectly matched highlighter—so you’ll never have to worry about shades clashing again. Two shades mean you can turn up your rosiness from subtle to dramatic to match any look, occasion or season. 
Smashbox L.A. Lights Blush is a Blush. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox L.A. Lights Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
If only these walls could talk…but they can’t. Really. That’s why we created this sleek, collectible palette of 25 lipsticks that includes our most beloved creamy and matte shades, all inspired by icons. Hey, our lips may be sealed—but your lips can still make a kickass statement with bold color.
Smashbox Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 25 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shaping is all about adding depth and dimension to your face. We handpicked the ultimate collection of tools you need to make your features pop—from sculpted lips to defined brows and contoured cheekbones. We can’t live without these brushes in our L.A. photo studio. 
Smashbox All-Over Contour Brush is a Brush.
Smashbox Targeted Contour Brush is a Brush.
Smashbox Ultra-Fine Liner/Brow Brush is a Brush.
Smashbox Lip Shaping Brush is a Brush.
Smashbox Eye Shaping Brush is a Brush.
Get a gorgeous lit-from-within glow with this radiant silk-like powder. The innovative baked formula imparts a soft veil of shimmer and keeps your skin looking luminous. 
Smashbox Baked Fusion Soft Lights Powder is a Bronzer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A cult fave of beauty insiders for totally effortless contouring. Define your cheekbones, perfect your nose and sculpt your jawline with this palette of blendable powders in universal shades to match your skin tone. 
Smashbox Step-By-Step Contour is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Step-By-Step Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Step-By-Step Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
PHENYL TRIMETHICONE , EUPHORBIA CERIFERA (CANDELILLA) WAXCANDELILLA CERACIRE DE CANDELILLA , CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE , ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE , NYLON-12 , OCTYLDODECANOL , JOJOBA ESTERS , SILICA , SUCROSE ACETATE ISOBUTYRATE , POLYETHYLENE , VINYL DIMETHICONE/METHICONE SILSESQUIOXANE CROSSPOLYMER , TOCOPHERYL ACETATE , TRIETHYL CITRATE , TRIBEHENIN , C12-15 ALKYL BENZOATE , CERAMIDE NG , PALMITOYL HEXAPEPTIDE-12 , PEG-10 PHYTOSTEROL , TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE , TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE , DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE , POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE , CAPRYLYL GLYCOL , POLYGLYCERYL-10 HEPTAHYDROXYSTEARATE , PEG-40 HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL , PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-T-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE , PHENOXYETHANOL , SORBIC ACID , BENZOIC ACID , [+/- MICA , TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77491) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77492) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77499) , BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090) , CARMINE (CI 75470) , CHROMIUM OXIDE GREENS (CI 77288) , FERRIC AMMONIUM FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510) , FERRIC FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510) , MANGANESE VIOLET (CI 77742) , ULTRAMARINES (CI 77007) , YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140)]
Smashbox Step-By-Step Contour Stick is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get perfectly polished brows on the go. Our iconic Brow Tech is now in a portable, travel-friendly version. The double-ended component includes an angled waterproof pencil for precise filling and defining and a soft hold gel with a brow brush applicator to groom brows perfectly into place. Also with vitamin C & E for added healthy-skin benefits.
Smashbox Brow Tech Angled Pencil is a Brow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Brow Tech Soft Hold Gel is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MICA , TALC , BORON NITRIDE , DIISOSTEARYL DIMER DILINOLEATE , TRIETHYLHEXANOIN , ZINC STEARATE , TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE , LAUROYL LYSINE , DIMETHICONE , METHICONE , GLYCERYL CAPRYLATE , MAGNESIUM CARBONATE , CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE , SILICA , NYLON-12 , SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE , CAPRYLYL GLYCOL , ISOPROPYL ISOSTEARATE , [+/- TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77491) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77492) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77499) , BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163) , BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090) , CARMINE (CI 75470) , CHROMIUM HYDROXIDE GREEN (CI 77289) , CHROMIUM OXIDE GREENS (CI 77288) , FERRIC AMMONIUM FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510) , FERRIC FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510) , MANGANESE VIOLET (CI 77742) , ULTRAMARINES (CI 77007) , YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140)]
Smashbox Double Exposure Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Photo Matte Eyes Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 14 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
When we noticed that our makeup artists use matte eye shadows as brow powder and liner on shoots in our L.A. photo studio, we knew we had to create a do-it-all formula just for eyes. Each shade in this matte collection is a multitasker—from stay-put shadows that double as liner to brow powders that also work as shadows. And to make it even more versatile, each ultra-silky, richly pigmented shade can also be used wet for a more intense effect.
MICA , TALC , BORON NITRIDE , DIISOSTEARYL DIMER DILINOLEATE , TRIETHYLHEXANOIN , ZINC STEARATE , TRIETHOXYCAPRYLYLSILANE , LAUROYL LYSINE , DIMETHICONE , METHICONE , GLYCERYL CAPRYLATE , MAGNESIUM CARBONATE , CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE , SILICA , NYLON-12 , SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE , CAPRYLYL GLYCOL , ISOPROPYL ISOSTEARATE , [+/- TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77491) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77492) , IRON OXIDES (CI 77499) , BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163) , BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090) , CARMINE (CI 75470) , CHROMIUM HYDROXIDE GREEN (CI 77289) , CHROMIUM OXIDE GREENS (CI 77288) , FERRIC AMMONIUM FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510) , FERRIC FERROCYANIDE (CI 77510) , MANGANESE VIOLET (CI 77742) , ULTRAMARINES (CI 77007) , YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140)]
Shape matters! A set of universally awesome neutrals, including how-to's for 6 eye shapes. It's essential, effortless and enhanced for your shape! The Full Exposure Palette was created because our pros at Smashbox Studios needed it. On set, they've seen every skin tone and eye shape imaginable, so they wanted a super universal, straightforward palette that works on anyone, anywhere-from big-deal photo shoots to behind-the-scenes selfies. 
Smashbox Full Exposure Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
8 must-have neutrals in 1 perfectly portable palette! Crease-resistant, long-wearing shimmers and Velvety-smooth mattes
Our fab trios are all playfulness and color! Get rich, bold hues in just one swipe. Each includes 3 coordinated shadows-base shade, contour color and highlighter-so you'll never wonder which shades to wear together again. You'll even find application tips on the peel-back label. 
Smashbox Photo Op Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 35 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jouer Sheer Matte Powder is a Powder. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Jouer Mattifying Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Alumina, Nylon 12, Polyethylene & Ptfe, Magnesium Myristate, Dimethicone, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Capryloyl Glycine, Undecylenoyl Glycine, Polybutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Octyldodecanol, Isopropyl Isostearate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Gingko Biloba Leaf Extract, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, Glyceryl Stearate, Glyceryl Oleate, Lecithin. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Carmine (Ci 75470), Ultramarines (Ci 77007), Bismuth Oxychloride (Ci 77163), Ferric Ferrocyanide (Ci 77510), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140).
MICA, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, SILICA, ZINC STEARATE, DIMETHICONE, ALUMINUM CALCIUM SODIUM SILICATE, CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE, PHENOXYETHANOL, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, HEXYLENE GLYCOL, TIN OXIDE. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR [+/-:TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDE (CI 77499), BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090)].
Jouer Iridescent Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A limited edition set of luxurious multi-purpose brushes with a secondary set included inside the handle. Treat yourself and your favorite person to these luxe brushes that offer everything needed for a complete all-over application. Whether for your vanity or on-the-go, these brushes are not only versatile but provide the greatest results due to the high quality materials that were designed to pick up and deposit just the right amount of product for a flawless look. 
Jouer Essential Brush #1 is a Brush.
Jouer Essential Brush #2 is a Brush.
Jouer Essential Brush #3 is a Brush.
Jouer Essential Brush #4 is a Brush.
Jouer Essential Brush #5 is a Brush.
Jouer Essential Brush #6 is a Brush.
A 7-piece collection of travel necessities for the on-the-go Jouer girl. This luxurious collection features a custom-designed pink pebble deluxe travel case, matching inner cosmetic bag, and 5 synthetic, multi-purpose brushes.
Jouer Powder Brush is a Brush.
Jouer Foundation Brush is a Brush.
Jouer Powder Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush.
Jouer Defined Shadow Brush is a Brush.
Jouer Liner Brush is a Brush.
A lightweight and sheer natural looking lip gloss with a hydrating formula helps keep lips soft. This gloss glides on smoothly and melts into lips. Infused with Vitamin A & E, Shea Butter, Jojoba Oil, Grape Oil, and Olive Oil, this formula helps nourish and moisturize lips.
Water (Aqua), Glycerin, BIS-PEG-18 Methyl Ether Dimethyl Silane, Coceth-7, PPG-1-PEG-9 Lauryl Glycol Ether, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Glyceryl Acrylate/Acrylic Acid Copolymer, Propylene Glycol, Sodium PCA, Urea, Trehalose, Polyquatemium-51, Triacetin, Sodium Hyaluronate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Tropolone, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Triethanolamine, Rosa Centifolia Extract, Ethoxydiglycol, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, PPG-26-Buteth-26, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Menthyl Lactate, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve) May Contain: Red 40 Lake (CI 16035),Yellow 5 Lake (CI 15985),Red 33 (CI 17200)
This clear, oil-based formula conditions while gently removing long-lasting lip color. Lip stains and long-lasting lip colors have met their match! Infused with Safflower Oil, Jojoba Oil, and Aloe, this product helps to soothe, hydrate, and replenish lips while breaking down color.
This compact and mess-free retractable brush is perfect for precise application to create a flawless look that's beautiful and natural looking. The tapered-tip bristles are designed for easy and controlled application to apply lip color, fill in fine lines, or line the outer rims of your lips for extra definition.
Create a flawless, natural look with this lightweight lipstick. Enhanced with Vitamin E and Shea butter for moisture, these lipsticks provide a soft, natural looking finish.
This silky, matte lipstick glides easily onto lips to lock on moisture with vibrant matte color. Infused with Argan Oil, Rose, and Vitamin E to help condition, replenish, and soothe the lips.
Now you can hydrate your lips and get a lasting soft color naturally! This nourishing blend of exotic oils, natural waxes, vitamins and plant extracts create the perfect moisturizing formula. The sleek lipstick has superior color payoff, glides easily onto lips, and is long wearing. Lips stay perfectly hydrated and soft throughout the day for no fuss, lip loving happiness. All our mineral makeup are mineral-based with no parabens, no preservatives and no chemical dyes.
This ultra-smooth, rich colored gloss is loaded with extra ingredients to moisturize and condition. Create lips so gorgeous, they'll have your exes wanting you back! Enriched with Vitamins A&E, Cocoa Butter, Sunflower, Avocado, and Grape to nourish and protect the lips. The unique applicator shape applies precise color for a perfectly pouty look.
The Jumbo Lip Gloss Stick is a tinted lip color that glides on like a lipstick but looks like a gloss. With nourishing Jojoba, Soybean and Vitamin E key ingredients, it conditions and moisturizes the lips. The twist-up component and smooth glide formula is easy to use for on-the-go application.
Create defined and enhanced lips that are blended to perfection! The smooth gliding pencil applies color precisely and accurately with no sharpening needed. The soft taklon bristled brush aids in blending the color evenly and naturally for a beautiful bitten lip look.
Use the Studio Lip Balm SPF 15 to relieve and soothe lips with a drench of moisture. This lip balm features SPF 15 to help shield lips from harmful sun rays. Apply balm liberally to prevent and temporarily protect against chapped, cracked or chafed lips. Try one of the tinted lip balms for just a hint of color!
Line your lips with our velvety ProVitamin Complex™ never-feathering hydrating pigments. These rich liners caress lips with naturally long-lasting color for ultimate definition. Wear alone or pair with your favorite e.l.f. lip products for a perfect pout.
This Super Glossy formula leaves your lips with a healthy glossy glow. The delicious flavor and sweet scent will leave you licking your lips in delight. The perfect on-the-go tube that is mess-proof for easy application anywhere and anytime. Wear alone or layered over your favorite lipsticks for gorgeous, glossy lips!
This Taklon brush can be used with wet or dry products. Compact and retractable brush is perfect for precision application and mess-free storage. Use to apply lip color, fill in fine lines, or line the outer rims of your lips for extra definition. The tapered tip bristles are designed for easy and controlled application. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. Studio brush.
This soft tapered brush is ideal for lip color application and for softening lip pencil lines. The tapered point allows for precise definition. Create a professionally applied look every time with our Lip Defining Brush.
Keep your lipstick, lip gloss and lip liner from feathering, traveling or budging with the smooth glide Lip Lock Pencil. Your lip color stays locked in place for continuous wear. The colorless formula is perfect for any skin tone and fills in fine lines around the lip.
Create more volumized, fuller looking lips with the optical illusion of the Pout Perfecter gloss. The sheer pearl gloss instantly transforms your dull lip color to a defined light reflecting glow. This makeup artist secret can now be yours for picture perfect fuller lips, everyday!
With the e.l.f. Conditioning Lip Balm, lips get treated to a sheer splash of color that's super smooth, velvety soft and non-sticky. Not only are these sheer, natural shades beautiful, they're also beneficial, with natural ingredients that condition dry, chapped lips including Vitamins A & E.
Salvation for parched lips. This innovative lip balm coats lips with natural nutrients and skin soothers to condition even the most sensitive lips. Infused with Shea Butter and Vitamins A & E for long lasting protection.
Lip therapy is here! Intensive hydrating agents along with rich pigments leave lips with long-lasting color and moisture. The Luscious Liquid Lipstick creates gorgeous wearable color that flatters a multitude of skin tones and looks.
Hyper, glass-like shine infused with micro-mirror technology to reflect light. Smoothes lips on contact with a conditioning shine that lasts for hours. Create that natural lip stain of color that's sheer, subtle and beautiful!
This high shine lip gloss is infused with dazzling shimmer that gives the perfect amount of sparkle for instant dimension on lips. The non-sticky, lightweight formula is rich and soothing for comfortable wear. Mix and match shades for a custom lip look or layer over your favorite e.l.f. lipstick for a chic shimmery smile.
This multi-tasking topcoat is perfect for adding that beautiful healthy sheen on eyelids, lips, and cheekbones to transform matte finishes to glossy. Perfect for creating highlight and shine on the skin without adding color or sparkle. The non-sticky formula can be worn alone or on top of makeup. Perfect for creating a custom eyeshadow or lip color. Add a few drops to loose or crushed powder and blend for instant color. Enriched with antioxidant Vitamin E.
Reduces the appearance of enlarged pores, fine lines, and shine for a gorgeous airbrushed look. Infused with Tea Tree and Vitamins A&E for anti-aging and restorative benefits. This multipurpose skin primer transforms your face into a flawless and smooth canvas so makeup goes on evenly for a long-lasting matte finish.
Transform your face into a flawless and smooth canvas with the Mineral Infused Face Primer. Developed to combat against excess oil, flaky dryness, enlarged pores and fine lines. This clear multipurpose skin primer will prepare your skin so makeup goes on evenly for a long-lasting satin finish.
Boosts your complexion with a drench of hydration, creating a perfect canvas for radiant, younger looking skin. Infused with Grape and Vitamins A, C, & E for nourishing and anti-aging benefits. This multipurpose clear skin primer reduces the appearance of fine lines and transforms your face into a flawless and smooth canvas so makeup goes on evenly for a long-lasting finish.
A weightless makeup primer spray enriched with Purified Water that is free of silicone and alcohol to help prime, refresh, and set makeup in. This lightweight purified water spray is enriched with antioxidants and hydrating Cucumber, and Vitamin B & E to help soothe and hydrate the skin. Get all the benefits in one with this multitasking mist that hydrates and refreshes the skin, primes the skin, and sets makeup in for a rejuvenated feel. Perfect for using throughout the day for a little pick me up and to create a soft dewy effect.
Use this primer to transform your face into a flawless and smooth canvas. Infused with Salicylic Acid, Vitamin E, and Tea Tree extract to help control breakouts and blemishes while preparing your skin so makeup will go on evenly with a long-lasting satin finish.
Minimizes the appearance of pores, mattifies skin, and absorbs excess oil for a shine-free, flawless look. The clear formular is infused with Vitamin E, Jojoba, Almond, and Grape to help nourish the skin. This portable mirrored compact is perfect for oil control touch ups on-the-go.
Instantly smooth, soften and virtually fill in laugh lines, crow's feet and wrinkles for a flawless finish. Key ingredients draw in moisture to smooth and plump delicate skin for a rejuvenated and youthful look. The rich blend of Wheat Protein, Horse Chestnut, Caffeine, Edelweiss, Chamomile, Shea, Mango and Vitamins A & E retexturize skin and prevents future damage and premature aging.
The soft sheer texture blends into the skin for a silky finish. Designed to be worn alone or layered for more depth. Highlight your complexion with a subtle healthy glow!
This blush creates a flawless look that's beautiful and natural looking. The unique cream-to-powder formula offers a youthful soft glow. The weightless formula is infused with Argan Oil and Vitamin E to help nourish and hydrate the skin. You can even add a little to your lips or eyes for a soft flush of color! It's makeup so flawless, it feels like you're not even wearing makeup!
The soft and shimmering color of our Baked Blush creates a natural healthy glow. Baked in an oven, these blushes offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. The long-lasting formula provides a gorgeous, smooth and even application. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. Apply this shimmering color dry for sheer pigmentation, or use a damp brush or sponge for a more vibrant effect.
Rich and creamy HD Blush naturally sculpts and highlights the cheekbones for a soft-focus effect that is great for everyday use. The Vitamin E enriched formula conditions and hydrates the skin for a healthy, radiant glow. Velvety soft, lightweight and highly pigmented color creates a long-lasting result for all day wear.
This silky smooth powder blush melts into the skin creating a beautiful brightened glow. Formulated to create lasting color that accentuates your features and flatters your skin tone. A built-in mirror and brush are included for convenient flawless application.
Create a beautiful flushed look with this all-natural, enhancing blush. This innovative pressed powder creates a silky smooth texture that blends like a dream for everyday wear. Infused with Vitamin E and Grape to nourish the skin and provide anti-aging benefits for a more revitalized look.
Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Silica, Sodium Dehydroacetate.
This versatile translucent pressed finishing powder sets makeup, reduces shine, and mattifies skin. The microfine particles fill in fine lines and blur imperfections to create a soft focus effect on the skin. This powder is designed to be used with high-definition camera technology but is also perfect for everyday wear. Includes a sponge and mirror for on-the-go touch-ups!
Create a healthy, shimmering sun-kissed look with our Baked Bronzers. Baked in an oven, these bronzers offer rich pigmentation for a beautiful effect. The long-lasting formula provides a luxurious, smooth and even application. Infused with active key ingredients Jojoba, Rose, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. Apply this shimmering color dry for sheer pigmentation, or use a damp brush or sponge for a more vibrant effect.
Create a healthy looking glow year-round with this sculpting bronzer. The silky smooth texture of this pressed formula is blendable for everyday wear. Infused with Vitamin E and Grape to help nourish the skin for a more revitalized feel.
Create a radiant glow with this illuminating powder that highlights the skin with a sheer wash of shimmering color. Infused with Vitamin E, Jojoba, Sunflower, Apricot and Grape to nourish and hydrate the skin. The long-lasting baked shimmering color can be applied wet for a vibrant effect or dry for sheer pigmentation.
Contour and highlight the skin for a gorgeous glow! Infused with Vitamin E to help nourish and protect the skin while creating a naturally sunkissed look.
Our Shimmering Facial Whip is a multipurpose, on-the-go whipped highlighter packed with Vitamin E to instantly brighten and soothe skin with no greasy after-feel. Ideal for using on your cheeks, lips, eyelids or anywhere you would like a radiant pop of shimmering color.
This 3-in-1 Color Stick adds a beautiful glow to your eyes, lips, or face! Get gorgeous color that illuminates and instantly conditions skin for fresh and natural color all day long. Blend anywhere you would like to highlight and brighten like your cheeks and brow bones.
A liquid highlighter with illuminating pigments that brings light to the face for a glowing, dewy looking complexion. These pearlescent drops can be used for strobing and highlighting to create a glowing look. Enriched with antioxidant Vitamin E. Ideal for all skin tones.
This beautiful Shimmer creates a radiant glow on the skin. Perfect for illuminating the face, collar bone, shoulders or anywhere you desire. Convenient for an on-the-go glow, simply sweep the shimmer on your skin with the included brush.
This brush is specifically designed for advanced makeup application to help achieve professional looks. The densely packed hair and structured shape achieves flawless dimension along the cheekbones, forehead, and jawline for targeted contouring. Perfect for using with pressed or loose bronzer powder, liquids, and creams to create beautiful sculpting all over the face. This brush is made by artisans with expert craftsmanship to cut, shape, and hand-assemble the ultra-fine synthetic hair for a luxurious experience.
The Ultimate Blending Brush is specifically designed for advanced makeup techniques that help achieve professional looks. The large dome-shaped head and densely packed bristles maneuver in and around the crevices and contours of your face for seamless, even coverage. It picks up the perfect amount of product to build coverage with powder, liquid, or mousse foundation, bronzer, or blush. The ultra-fine synthetic fibers are hand cut, shaped, and assembled by artisans for expert craftmanship for a luxury experience.
This soft brush lets you apply product with the lightest touch for a soft, sheer, natural looking effect. The slight point at the tip fits nicely into the contours of the face for more precise placement. Use the flat side for all over application of powders, or the skinny side for blush and bronzer.
This anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this brush! Our handy and easy to use Kabuki Brushes provide a light to full coverage on your face or body to ensure a flawless finish. The compact brush is perfectly sized to allow for precise and controlled application of bronzer, powder, or a highlighter on your skin.
The slanted shape of the Angled Blush Brush offers precision application for a sculpted look. The soft dense bristles contours facial features easily. Use with cream, liquid or powder blush, bronzers or highlighters for a professional result.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! Creates flawless coverage, The angled shape allows you to apply product with precision in hard-to-reach places. The brush applies foundation and other liquid products evenly across the face and within the creases of your features
A true beauty multi-tasker, this brush works for blending, highlighting, contouring, and stippling.The densely compacted bristles distribute powder evenly to create a smooth and soft-focused finish. Flat edges fit the contours of your face while curved corners allow for targeted, precise application. The soft bristles of this Taklon brush are vegan-friendly and easy to clean.
Creates a flawless look that's beautiful and natural looking with our Blending Brush. The unique shape of the brush head provides even, streak-free coverage for a smooth, expertly blended effect. The ultra-fine synthetic fibers are hand cut, shaped, and assembled by artisans for expert craftmanship for a luxury experience. The soft hair is vegan-friendly and easy to clean with e.l.f. Brush Shampoo.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! The tailored design allows for easy maneuvering and precise color application creates a beautifully defined and sculpted look Can be used to apply blush or bronzer.
This unique three-in-one brush allows for precision application of blush, bronzer, and all other multipurpose dusts and loose powders. The angled bristles perfectly fit the curves of your cheekbone to expertly define, shape and contour your cheek area.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! Creates an even and natural finish. Expertly sweeps all types of powders across the entire face and sculpts features beautifully
Create a precise application on the face, decolletage, and body using powder, bronzer, or shimmer. Evenly distributes a soft dusting of powder, perfect for contouring and highlighting. The soft bristles of this Taklon brush are vegan-friendly and easy to clean.
These innovative blotting papers are infused with translucent powder to help mattify skin and absorb oil without disturbing your makeup. The unique sponge applicator's design makes touch-ups easy and helps leave skin looking refreshed and shine-free. The chic portable case is perfect for all your daily or on-the-go beauty adventures!
This fine clear setting spray helps makeup stay put, and helps control shine for beautiful-looking skin. Infused with Vitamin B, E, Arctium Majus Root to help hydrate, soothe. The lightweight, comfortable formula helps improve makeup wearability, and prevent color from running or fading.
The fine mist creates a natural glow on the skin with ultra-fine, light-reflecting particles for an instant illuminating effect. This incredibly innovative item is right on trend to help you create the perfect strobing effect. Infused with Vitamin A, C, E, and Green Tea to help hydrate, nourish, and brighten the complexion for a healthy looking radiance. The lightweight, comfortable formula is perfect for all skin tones. Helps improve makeup wearability and prevent color from running or fading.
Wish you could have a product for your makeup that's like hairspray is for your hair? Well…keep your makeup staying in place all day with a radiance boosting invisible hold with our new Makeup Mist & Set. The invigorating mist moisturizes and soothes the skin with key ingredients Aloe, Green Tea, Cucumber and Vitamins A, C & E. The lightweight, comfortable and alcohol free formula improves makeup wearability and prevents color from running or fading.
The contoured and curved shape of this brush hugs the face to help expertly sculpt and blend product, contour cheekbones, define the nose, and minimize the look of jawline definition for precision application. This brush is ideal with foundation but also works perfectly with a variety of formulas including powders, liquids, and creams.
This dual-sided cleansing brush helps invigorate, refresh and deeply cleanse the skin for a radiant looking complexion. The luxuriously soft bristles help to gently clean deep into pores while the flexible silicone exfoliates and massages the skin. The comfort grip handle is ergonomically shaped to aid in controlled cleansing.
This tool massages the skin to help relieve tension and helps rejuvenate for glowing looking skin. It also helps encourage absorption of moisturizers. Perfect for using on the face and body.
The silicone spatula provides mess free application so you don’t waste product, while the pore cleansing brush helps to gently remove dirt and grease from pores. No need to worry about possibly transporting oil and bacteria from your hands onto your face with this tool. Spatula can also be used to apply foundation, and the brush for blending color to create a flawless and smooth finish.
This dual layered brush is perfect for precision application to create a flawless look that's beautiful and natural looking. The ergonomically shaped handle provides expert control, while the two layers of hair apply soft layers of color for an airbrushed result. The stipple hair dots on the product for a smooth and diffused finish. The ultra-fine synthetic fibers are hand cut, shaped, and assembled by artisans with expert craftsmanship for a luxurious experience.
A slim, tapered brush designed to offer precision highlighting on the cheeks and brow bones to achieve a strobing effect.The soft texture and loose hairs provide smooth strokes of even application for a flawless finish. Perfect for using a highlighter to achieve an illuminating glow, or can be used to sculpt and contour the face, or as a tool to soften and blend cream and liquid colors. The Taklon bristles are vegan-friendly and easy to clean.
This premium blemish extractor is crafted for precision use. The lance delicately pierces white heads while the small and large extractor loops delicately squeeze blemishes to cleanse and relieve. The textured grip ensures controlled use and comfort. Superior stainless steel provides durability for longer-lasting use
The durable, latex free material allows for a controlled used for flawless application and blending. Three sizes enable precise application for all areas of the face and can be used with cream, liquid, and powder makeup. Use the small size around small areas like the eyes to blend in concealer. Use the medium size for applying color like blush or bronzer. Use the largest size to apply foundation. Reusable and washable.
Dusts, wipes and contours powders for a flawless look. Can be used to create a soft wash of color over the cheeks, to apply a touch of loose powder to cover shine, or as a blending aid.
Achieve an ultra smooth, poreless finish when applying foundation, tinted moisturizer, or other creamy face product. The tapered bristles are designed to contour your face for a seamless, flawless finish.
The rounded-dome tip and densely packed bristles offer exact product placement and complements the circular movements needed to apply mineral powders. Perfect for providing full coverage and reaching the hard to reach crevices of the face. Use for applying both loose and compact mineral powders or any other pressed or loose powder, foundation, bronzer or blush.
This new anti bacterial, synthetic haired Taklon brush is softer and more absorbent and can be used with wet or dry products. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. studio brush! Creates a professional sculpted look. Full coverage color. Use for powder or blush for perfect contouring. 
Create a flawless face with the Pointed Foundation brush. This Taklon brush features a tapered brush head for precise application with an even, streak-free and flawless finish. Perfect for concealing, highlighting, and contouring. Ideal for use with liquid, cream or powder foundation products - can be used with wet or dry products. Become a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this studio foundation brush.
Soft, caressing bristles allow for soothing application of facial and bronzing powders. The Total Face Brush features full, slightly tapered bristles to contour the face and help build gorgeous coverage as needed. Great for quick full-face touchups!
The tapered head of the Small Tapered Brush makes application easy for reaching small crevices for a flawless finish. This precision brush is perfect for contouring and creating even coverage. Use with powder to set under the eye, on the hollows of the cheek to contour with bronzer, or use with foundation to achieve a light finish.
The layered bristles create a soft airbrushed look that's perfect for applying foundation or adding color definition to cheekbones or highlighting with soft layers. Use this brush with any liquid or powder face product such as foundation, blush or bronzer to build your coverage from sheer to heavy.
Use the Small Stipple Brush to create soft layers by adding texture for a natural airbrushed result. The two layers of bristles create ultimate control from sheer to heavy coverage for small and hard to reach places. Ideal with liquid, cream or powder products, foundation, concealer, and cream blush.
The perfect size brush for applying powder, bronzer, or blush on the go! The soft bristles apply and blend product flawlessly for buildable coverage and the retractable head allows for controlled use and mess-free storage. The Taklon bristles are vegan-friendly and easy to clean.
This lightweight, lightly scented moisturizer helps hydrate and nourish for glowing, healthy looking skin. Infused with Purified Water and skin-nourishing Jojoba, Aloe, Vitamin E and Cucumber to help soothe and protect the delicate skin area. Rich in antioxidants such as Shea Butter, Grape and Orange. 
This nourishing cream helps hydrate and minimize the appearance of dark circles and puffiness for glowing, healthy looking skin. Infused with Purified Water and skin nourishing Jojoba, Vitamin E, and Cucumber to help soothe and protect the delicate skin area around the eye. Rich in antioxidants Shea Butter and Green Tea.
These hydrating, gentle cleansing cloths easily remove makeup and help nourish the skin with Purified Water. Infused with Aloe and Vitamins B & E, the cloths cool on contact and soothe and moisturize skin.
This gentle, hydrating formula melts on contact transforming from a gel to creamy oil that helps dissolve makeup and cleanse the skin. Formulated with Purified Water and infused with nourishing Argan Oil, Rose Extracts, and Rose Seed Oils to help moisturize the skin. It's also rich in antioxidant Vitamin C.
This gentle cleanser removes everyday impurities, dirt, and makeup for skin that feels clean and renewed. It's infused with Purified Water to help hydrate the skin with a refreshing splash of moisture.
This gentle exfoliating scrub helps polish away dead skin cells for healthy, glowing looking skin. Infused with purified water and vitamin E, its rich hydration leaves skin feeling smooth and looking more luminous.
This nourishing cream helps rehydrate and refresh skin overnight for glowing, healthy looking skin. Infused with Purified Water and skin nourishing Jojoba, Aloe, Vitamin E, and Cucumber to help soothe and protect the skin. Rich in antioxidants Shea Butter, Orange and Lemon.
This silky serum helps lock in moisture to reduce the look of fine lines for glowing, healthy looking skin. Infused with Purified Water and skin nourishing Jojoba, Aloe and Vitamin E to help soothe and protect the skin. Rich in antioxidants such as Shea Butter and Grape.
A clear, hydrating gel mask that helps sooth and nourish the skin. Infused with Purified Water, Aloe, Coconut and Chia Seed. The cooling formula helps revitalize the skin and retain moisture for a healthy looking glow.
This hydrating and nourishing gel transforms into a bubble mask on the face. Watch as bubbles fizz and foam to remove excess dirt and cleanse pores for glowing, healthy looking skin.
These individually wrapped wipes are great for portable on-the-go brush cleaning. Each wipe works to clean brushes, while removing dirt and makeup residue. Keeping your brushes clean for optimal makeup application, improving brush life, and helping avoid bacteria growth. The alcohol-free formula is gentle on brushes. Includes 10 individually wrapped wipes.
Soft Powder Puffs make powder application flawless and easy. Great for quick touch-ups and eliminating shine when paired with your favorite e.l.f. powder makeup. Set includes 4 Powder Puffs.
Our soft, but sturdy Blending Wedges perfectly apply and blend foundation and other face product for a smooth, flawless look. Expertly shaped to provide easy and even application of product without messy clumps or streaks. These disposable wedges come in a convenient portable case, great for storing in your cosmetic bag.
Your favorite brush holder, now with a divider to allow for neater storage for your brushes, makeup pencils, tools and more! The professional storage holder keeps everything organized for quick use. The luxurious material is easy to clean and durable for storing on countertops or in cabinets. Makes a great gift for any makeup lover (including you!).
Your favorite brush holder, now with two dividers to allow for neater storage for your brushes, makeup pencils, tools and more! The professional storage holder keeps everything organized for quick use. The luxurious material is easy to clean and durable for storing on countertops or in cabinets. Makes a great gift for any makeup lover (including you!).
Gently and easily exfoliates skin to remove all traces of makeup and dirt, even waterproof mascara. These soft cloths have textured beads that gently polish away dead skin for a noticeably smoother, cleaner feel. Infused with Vitamin E and Aloe Vera Extract to hydrate and moisturize the skin. Great for on-the-go travel! 10 cloths included.
Flawlessly applies makeup for professionally even and smooth-looking skin. Great for creating a full coverage base, contouring or layering color. This durable sponge is washable and reusable, and perfect for use with all formulations including creams, liquids, and powder foundations, concealers or blush. The comfort curve fits perfectly in the hand and is great for controlled application so your hands always stay clean. Works great with your favorite e.l.f. foundations and concealers!
The stylish and sleek makeup compartment holds your brushes, makeup pencils, tools and more. The professional storage holder keeps everything organized for quick use. The luxurious material is easy to clean and durable for storing on countertops or in cabinets.
The stylish and sleek makeup compartments hold your brushes, makeup pencils, tools and more. The professional storage dividers keep everything organized for quick use. The luxurious material is easy to clean and durable for storing on countertops or in cabinets.
This unique dual-sided sponge creates flawless makeup application. The fuzzy side delivers a soft natural look and the other flat side creates a full-coverage effect. Perfect for creating various makeup looks. Be a professional makeup artist and create a flawless look with this e.l.f. 2-in-1 Sponge! Each pack contains 3 sponges.
Hydrate your body with silky smooth moisture. The light and airy lotion moisturizes your skin, keeping it soft and supple all day long. These convenient Lotion Wipes are great for on-the-go travel and mess-free application. Just throw them in your purse or bag for soothing and refreshing moisture without carrying around a bulky lotion bottle.
These amazing little sheets instantly absorb oil, minimize pores and transforms shiny skin into gorgeous matte perfection. Woven texture eradicates shine and keeps skin matte for hours. Green Tea Extract helps re-texturize skin and mask facial imperfections. Travel pack fits neatly into your purse for on-the-go touch-ups. 50 sheets included.
An anti-bacterial brush cleanser for thorough cleaning in-between makeup applications. Disinfects brushes to provide a fresh and clean application every time. Washes away traces of dirt, makeup, oil and debris from your brush while conditioning the hair to provide a clean and soft application for every use.
An anti-bacterial daily brush cleanser for quick cleaning in-between makeup applications. Disinfects brushes to provide a fresh and clean application every time. Cleaning brushes after each use with the Daily Brush Cleaner helps to keep your brushes last longer for extended use. New and improved leak-proof design for easy travel when you're on-the-go!
These convenient pads quickly and easily remove nail polish without the mess associated with bottled remover. Citrus scent and gentle formula leave nails fresh and soft. The compact, portable case is perfectly sized to bring with you for on-the-go nail emergencies! 24 pads included.
This premium nail clipper is crafted for precision use. The curved design provides targeted cutting and shaping of nails. The soft grip provides controlled use and comfort. Superior stainless steel provides durability for long lasting use.
This premium nail file is crafted for precision use. The file features a prominent abrasive texture for shaping and filing nails. High-grade metal provides durability for long lasting use.
The durable double-sided crystal file smooths and files the nails precisely, while the pointed tip cleans beneath the nail. Washable for long lasting use and comes with a protective storage case for easy portability.
Gently exfoliate lips to remove dry, chapped skin with our Lip Exfoliator! A sweet sugar and smoothing sensation, infused with Vitamin E, Shea Butter, Avocado, Grape and Jojoba Oils to nourish and protect. This Lip Exfoliator treats and smoothes lips for a conditioned and revitalized feel.
Achieve even flawless skin that's smoother, redefined and shine free. This translucent powder works on a wide variety of skin tones to help set your makeup in so it lasts longer. The silky lightweight formula also miraculously mattes skin to diminish oil and shine for a beautiful and healthy look!
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)] 
BH Cosmetics Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 352 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)] 
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)].
BH Cosmetics Blush is a Blush. There are 44 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Nylon-12, Dimethicone, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Magnesium Stearate, Kaolin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Yellow 6 Lake (CI 15985)]
BH Cosmetics Ultimate Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Ultimate Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
C10-18 Triglycerides, Petrolatum, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Paraffin, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Cetyl Esters, Silica, Tocopheryl Acetate, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Ascorbyl Palmitate. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Carmine (CI 75470), Mica]
BH Cosmetics Brow Highlighter is a Brow. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Petrolatum, Diisostearyl Malate, Microcrystalline Wax, Ethylhexyl Stearate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Ozokerite, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Squalene, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide(CI 77891), Iron Oxides(CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
BH Cosmetics Flawless Brow Powder is a Brow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Flawless Brow Wax is a Brow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Nylon-12, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Ethylhexyl Hydroxystearate, Diisostearyl Malate, Butylene Glycol, Silica, Polysorbate 80, Phenoxyethanol, O-Cymen-5-ol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77491), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035)]
BH Cosmetics Baked Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 56 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The ZOEVA Brush Holder is a custom brush holder for our rose golden brushes. Decorated with the precious key symbol, which runs through the entire Rose Golden Vol. 2 Collection, it is a jewel on every makeup table.
The ZOEVA Luxe Face Finish is a luxurious powder brush with a blend of exquisite natural and synthetic hair free of dye. Designed to diffuse bronzer, powder and highlighter. The long, flexible bristles are dreamy soft. A truly luxurious makeup experience.
This luxurious powder brush is shaped to apply loose and pressed powder. The exquisite vegan taklon hair offers even and smooth application and sets the makeup to a gorgeous finish. Silky and soft it turns the application of powder products into a beauty experience you cannot get enough of
Our 101 Luxe Face Definer is the queen among all ZOEVA brushes. This silky soft, handcrafted face brush turns the application of powder products into a beauty experience which you cannot get enough of. The super fine natural bristles in exquisite hair quality offer even and smooth application of pressed and loose powder and set the makeup to a gorgeous finish. The tapered shape of this brush make it the perfect premium tool to contour your face and to suit every edge of your face.
This luxurious powder brush is shaped to apply loose and pressed powder. The exquisite natural-synthetic hair offers even and smooth application and sets the makeup to a gorgeous finish. Silky and soft it turns the application of powder products into a beauty experience you cannot get enough of.
The 102 Silk Finish is a foundation brush for applying and blending foundation, powder and mineral makeup. The stable design of this brush rests comfortably in your hand and allows incredibly soft and easy application of all makeup products. The fine vegan taklon bristles guarantee a tender and natural makeup finish, streak-free, for sure.
The 102 Silk Finish is a foundation brush for applying and blending foundation, powder and mineral makeup. The stable design of this brush rests comfortably in your hand and allows incredibly soft and easy application of all makeup products. The fine vegan taklon hair guarantees a tender and natural makeup finish, streak-free, for sure.
The 103 Defined Buffer is small but powerful. The compact size make it a great tool for a detailed application of foundation around the eye area and the contours of your face or the detailed setting with powder products.
Always striving for the perfect makeup brush we have re-invented our ZOEVA 104 Buffer. That’s new: Discover a new era of foundation routine and feel the extraordinary dense but yet ZOEVA-soft bristles. It will help you create a natural and maximum flawless makeup finish. The cloudy soft vegan bristles pick up perfectly any kind of cream and loose makeup without absorbing the product. The thickened brush handle makes application even more easy and lies in your hand steady and luxuriously. 
This makeup brush is perfect for all-over application and blending of powder foundation and mineral makeup products. The cloudy soft vegan taklon hair perfectly picks up all types of cream and loose makeup without absorbing the product. Discover a new era of a maximum flawless foundation routine.
This makeup brush is perfect for all-over application and blending of powder foundation and mineral makeup products. The cloudy soft vegan taklon hair perfectly picks up all types of cream and loose makeup without absorbing the product. Discover a new era of a maximum flawless foundation routine.
The 105 Highlight is the perfect tool for highlighting your cheekbones, nose, cupid’s bow or decollete. The super soft and silky taklon hair instantly creates light-reflecting results. Be polished, be beautiful.
Our ZOEVA 105 Luxe Highlight is a luxurious highlighter brush with a natural-synthetic hair blend free of dye. Supersoft and silky, it’s flame-shaped head creates instantly light-reflecting results. Be polished, be beautiful.
Our ZOEVA 105 Luxe Highlight is a luxurious highlighter brush with a natural-synthetic hair mix. Super soft and silky, it’s flame-shaped head creates instant light-reflecting results. Be polished, be beautiful.
Our 106 Powder is a silky soft, handcrafted powder brush to apply any kind of powder product effortlessly and to fix the makeup. The super soft round-bound taklon bristles offer even and smooth application – like velvet on your skin. Every time you put on your makeup, this brush will give a tender loving care to your skin.
Our 106 Powder is a silky soft, handcrafted powder brush to apply any kind of powder product effortlessly and to fix the makeup. The super soft round-bound taklon hair offers even and smooth application – like velvet on your skin. Every time you put on your makeup, this brush will give a tender loving care to your skin.
The ZOEVA Powder Polish brush is a large, luxurious powder foundation brush, ideal for the professional application of loose and pressed face products. The dome shaped, dense taklon hair applies the product easily and evenly. Polished finish in a flash.
The ZOEVA Powder Polish brush is a large, luxurious powder foundation brush, ideal for the professional application of loose and pressed face products. The dome shaped, dense taklon hair applies the product easily and evenly. Polished finish in a flash.
Contour your face with contour powder by placing the brush at the center of the ear, guide towards the tip of the nose and stop shortly before the corner of the eye. Lightly whisk the color remaining on the brush under the chin and on the hairline and blend everything softly to a flawless finish.
Our marvelous 109 Luxe Face Paint is a contour brush with a unique design paired with a special blending of natural and synthetic hair. The flat, square shape allows professional sculpting, shading and contouring.
With our ZOEVA Face Paint Vegan you can apply all liquid and cream contour products effortlessly. The soft vegan taklon hair picks up and applies the color evenly. The unique flat and square design creates the illusion of an actual shadow.
The 110 Face Shape is a round shaped, compact face brush to contour the face shape along the cheeksbones, the chin line and the temples. Due to its compact size it is the ideal tool for very precise contouring and blending. The smooth, vegan taklon bristles work with liquid, cream or powder makeup products and offer soft and easy application for a flawless finish.
Due to its handy size, the 110 Face Shape is great for detailed contouring along the cheeks, temples and nose with a shade slightly darker than your natural skin tone. The smooth, vegan taklon hair works best with liquid, cream or powder makeup products and offers easy application for a flawless finish – with love of detail.
Due to its handy size, the 110 Face Shape is great for detailed contouring along the cheeks, temples and nose with a shade slightly darker than your natural skin tone. The smooth, vegan taklon hair works best with liquid, cream or powder makeup products and offers easy application for a flawless finish – with love of detail.
Go for a flat, curved foundation brush and experience a super easy and comfortable makeup routine. With the 112 Face Curve ZOEVA revolutionises the classic foundation tool, with an innovative twist. The pointed yet curved shape and the soft vegan taklon hair adapts to every area of your face.
Go for a flat, curved foundation brush and experience a super easy and comfortable makeup routine. With the 112 Face Curve ZOEVA revolutionises the classic foundation tool, with an innovative twist. The pointed yet curved shape and the soft vegan taklon hair adapts to every area of your face.
Our Luxe Face Focus brush is a flat, flame shaped highlighter brush with the softest natural-synthetic hair mix. Due to its handy size it is a great tool for selective touch ups and setting makeup with powder under the eye area. 
Our Luxe Face Focus brush is a flat, flame shaped highlighter brush with the softest natural-synthetic hair mix. Due to its handy size it is a great tool for selective touch ups and setting makeup with powder under the eye area. 
As its name already announces, the 116 Teardrop Cover brush is the perfect little helper to apply foundation and concealer on point – especially underneath the eyes and along the contours. Thanks to its flat, highly compact shape, it ensures optimum coverage and precise blending of cream products.
The 118 Flat Kabuki is a dense, handcrafted powder brush with a flat head. It is designed for quick and precise application and blending of mineral powder and mineral makeup. Bound tightly from vegan super soft taklon bristles this makeup brush has a compressing effect on your skin. The Flat Kabuki is super skin friendly and perfect for your daily face routine.
Our handcrafted Kabuki powder brush is a must for every fashion-conscious woman and indispensable for the application of mineral foundation and loose powder as well as pressed bronzer and body powder. It feels indescribably soft and luxurious to the skin. Comprised of vegan taklon bristles, it is both dense and compact and offers high coverage. A brush that caresses the skin for an intensive makeup result. 
This classic, dense powder brush is the perfect makeup brush to cover large areas with pressed or loose powder, mineral makeup and bronzer – for a flawless finish with high coverage.
The 122 Petit Stippling brush is a handcrafted, professional duo fibre brush. It is roundly shaped, has a flat profile, and is a must-have for fans of cream blushes. The super vegan soft taklon bristles make it the perfect makeup tool to apply concealer and highlighter products for that special glow. Very smooth – also for sensitive skin.
The 122 Petit Stippling brush is a handcrafted, professional duo fibre brush. It is roundly shaped, has a flat profile, and is a must-have for fans of cream blushes. The super vegan soft taklon bristles make it the perfect makeup tool to apply concealer and highlighter products for that special glow. Very smooth – also for sensitive skin.
The 124 Grand Stippling is the big brother in our ZOEVA brush family. Its compact round-bound shape and its large size make it a true professional foundation brush with an excellent resistance. Due to the soft vegan duo fibre bristles it is ideal for the application of liquid, cream and powder products. The Grand Stippling brush lies elegantly and luxuriously in your hand and blends edges in smooth strokes. Destined for greatness.
The ZOEVA Stippling brush is perfect for applying silky, thin layers of makeup. The synthetic duo fibre bristles will create high professional makeup results in medium to full coverage. An essential brush for blending various textures and material mixtures to create a flawless, airbrushed finish. A touch of the enchanting.
The ZOEVA Stippling brush is perfect for applying silky, thin layers of makeup. The synthetic duo fibre bristles will create high professional makeup results in medium to full coverage. An essential brush for blending various textures and material mixtures to create a flawless, airbrushed finish. A touch of the enchanting.
The 126 Luxe Cheek Finish is a luxurious cheek brush with a blend of exquisite natural and synthetic hair free of dye. The dome shaped, flat head achieves a beautiful blending. Perfect for a finishing touch.
The 126 Luxe Cheek Finish is a luxurious cheek brush with a blend of exquisite natural and synthetic hair free of dye. The dome shaped, flat head achieves a beautiful blending. Perfect for a finishing touch.
With this luxurious ZOEVA blush brush the application and blending of powder blush will become a feast for all senses. The angled shape of this brush fits the contours of the cheeks perfectly and caresses your skin super gently. The premium quality natural bristles create a flawless and even color result. Contour and shape your face with our Luxe Sheer Cheek brush to a perfect complexion.
With this luxurious ZOEVA blush brush the application and blending of powder blush will become a feast for all senses. The angled shape of this brush fits the contours of the cheeks perfectly and caresses your skin super gently. The premium quality natural bristles create a flawless and even color result. Contour and shape your face with our Luxe Sheer Cheek brush to a perfect complexion.
With this handcrafted ZOEVA blush brush you will apply and blend powder and cream blush products professionally and with a flawless finish. The angled shape fits the contours of the cheeks perfectly. The soft vegan taklon bristles shape and contour without creating hard lines and provide your makeup with a fresh glow – so fine, so tender.
The super soft 128 Cream Cheek blush brush applies cream and powder blush. The exquisite vegan taklon hair in angled shape fits the contours along the cheek area and applies, shapes and blends powder and cream blush to a seamless beautiful finish. Always like a feather.
With this handcrafted ZOEVA blush brush you will apply and blend powder and cream blush products professionally and with a flawless finish. The angled shape fits the contours of the cheeks perfectly. The soft vegan taklon bristles shape and contour without creating hard lines and provide your makeup with a fresh glow – so fine, so tender.
The ZOEVA Luxe Fan is a multifunctional tool for the application of highlighter, blush and bronzer. Ideal to brush away eyeshadow fall out. The dreamy soft natural-synthetic hair mix caresses your face and delivers a natural finish with all powder products. Join the fan club!
The 132 Luxe Powder Finish is a flat, arched highlighter brush, which – due to its compact size – is able to set precise highlights on cheeks, chin and forehead. Being handy in size it is easy to stow away and is ideally suited for short touch ups in between.
The 134 Luxe Powder Fusion blends various eyeshadow shades completely seamlessly together in no time, creating professional, invisible transitions and beautiful soft ombre effects. The brush is also ideally suitable for applying highlighter, powder or contouring products.
With the sleek profile of the 140 Luxe Petit Buffer powder foundation and mineral makeup can be incorporated and blended with pinpoint accuracy. Thanks to its compact size the brush ensures a smoothing effect even in hard-to-reach areas around the eyes or the nose.
The roundly bound, handcrafted 142 Concealer Buffer brush is the ideal makeup tool to apply concealer products evenly and super easy around the eyes and every small corner of your face. With the soft vegan taklon bristles you can apply concealer around the sensitive eye area. With the Concealer Buffer you can easily hide redness and dark circles for a flawless and natural makeup finish.
This 142 Concealer Buffer is the essential tool to cover up dark circles and imperfections around the eyes with concealer and corrector products. With the soft vegan taklon hair you can apply concealer in a dabbing motion – cloudy soft and caring for the sensitive eye area. For bright, shining, beautiful eyes.
The roundly bound, handcrafted 142 Concealer Buffer brush is the ideal makeup tool to apply concealer products evenly and super easy around the eyes and every small corner of your face. With the soft vegan taklon bristles you can apply concealer around the sensitive eye area. With the Concealer Buffer you can easily hide redness and dark circles for a flawless and natural makeup finish.
The 144 Soft Concealer is an indispensable brush for applying concealer beneath the eyes, in the nasolabial fold and wherever small red patches need to be concealed. Its compact shape and the soft vegan taklon bristles make this handcrafted concealer brush ideal for concentrated covering and applying makeup to eye rims. For perfectly blended and streak-free results with high concentrated color pay off.
A luxuriously fluffy shader brush with an exquisite natural-synthetic hair mix. Ideal for applying all powder eyeshadow products in one stroke. The most luxurious shader brush.
The ZOEVA 221 Luxe Soft Crease is a superior blending brush with a curved head and the finest natural-synthetic hair mix free of dye. This tool blends your eyeshadow to pefection. Expect professional results.
The ZOEVA 221 Luxe Soft Crease is a superior blending brush with a curved head and the finest natural-synthetic hair mix free of dye. This tool blends your eyeshadow to pefection. Expect professional results.
The 222 Luxe All Over Shader is a individually handcrafted, multifunctional eyeshadow brush. Due to its size this makeup brush is ideal for applying eye shadow on the entire eyelid, accentuating the eyelid crease, drawing edges around the eyelashes and highlighting the brow arch. Sensitive with a swing, the soft but resistant bristles and the round shape of this brush allow easy and even application. A must have tool for any eye makeup.
The 222 Luxe All Over Shader is a individually handcrafted, multifunctional eyeshadow brush. Due to its size this makeup brush is ideal for applying eye shadow on the entire eyelid, accentuating the eyelid crease, drawing edges around the eyelashes and highlighting the brow arch. Sensitive with a swing, the soft but resistant bristles and the round shape of this brush allow easy and even application. A must have tool for any eye makeup.
The 223 Petit Eye Blender is a handcrafted, densely bound eyeshadow brush to accentuate the crease an to blend your eyeshadow like a professional makeup artist. The soft taklon bristles are perfect for the application of cream products, cater to your crease and have an excellent resistance at the same time. Due to the compact size of this eye brush it is also suitable for very small eyes.
The 223 Petit Eye Blender is a handcrafted, densely bound eyeshadow brush to accentuate the crease an to blend your eyeshadow like a professional makeup artist. The soft taklon bristles are perfect for the application of cream products, cater to your crease and have an excellent resistance at the same time. Due to the compact size of this eye brush it is also suitable for very small eyes.
The ZOEVA 224 Luxe Defined Crease is a feather-light blending brush with a natural-synthetic hair mix free of dye. Like a breath of makeup, the light bristles ensure a flawless and even definition along the crease. 
Our 225 Eye Blender brush blends together eye shadow colors perfectly and eliminates conspicuous lines. Due to its soft natural bristles this handcrafted makeup tool is great for smoky eyes and mysterious nuances. Easy to use and at the same time professional in appearance, this brush will professionalize every eye makeup. Airy and soft as a cloud
Our 225 Eye Blender brush blends together eye shadow colors perfectly and eliminates conspicuous lines. Due to its soft natural bristles this handcrafted makeup tool is great for smoky eyes and mysterious nuances. Easy to use and at the same time professional in appearance, this brush will professionalize every eye makeup. Airy and soft as a cloud
The 226 Smudger is the perfect eye brush for a smoky eye effect. This handcrafted brush with short, vegan synthetic bristles provides maximum color control and covers up eye shadow and kohl pencil lines. An absolute must for the smoky effect and seductive cat eyes. A true professional.
The flat, oval-shaped 227 Soft Definer brush is the perfect tool for blending and shading pressed powder, loose pigment and cream eyeshadow. The smooth vegan taklon hair creates stunning effects and glamorous looks. Soft and vegan.
The 226 Smudger is the perfect eye brush for a smoky eye effect. This handcrafted brush with short, vegan synthetic bristles provides maximum color control and covers up eye shadow and kohl pencil lines. An absolute must for the smoky effect and seductive cat eyes. A true professional.
The flat, oval-shaped Luxe Soft Definer brush enables soft, smooth transitions. With an ease of application this royal soft brush provides every eye makeup with a super soft finish, also when you have very small eyes. For a soft look that underlines seductive femininity. This handcrafted, professional eye brush is perfect for blending and shading eyeshadow and loose pigments.
The flat, oval-shaped Luxe Soft Definer brush enables soft, smooth transitions. With an ease of application this royal soft brush provides every eye makeup with a super soft finish, also when you have very small eyes. For a soft look that underlines seductive femininity. This handcrafted, professional eye brush is perfect for blending and shading eyeshadow and loose pigments.
The flat, oval-shaped 227 Soft Definer brush is the perfect tool for blending and shading pressed powder, loose pigment and cream eyeshadow. The smooth vegan taklon hair creates stunning effects and glamorous looks. Soft and vegan.
The flat, oval-shaped Soft Definer Vegan brush enables soft, smooth transitions. With an ease of application this royal soft brush provides every eye makeup with a super soft finish, also when you have very small eyes. For a soft look that underlines seductive femininity. The handcrafted, professional eye brush with soft vegan taklon bristles is perfect for blending and shading cream eye shadow.
The uniquely soft 228 Crease eyeshadow brush is an ideal tool for blending and shading eye makeup in the crease. The oval shape and the marvelously soft vegan taklon hair of this brush glamorizes perfectly defined, radiant eyes. Love at first sight.
This uniquely soft, fluffy eyeshadow brush fits the contours of the eyelid crease and takes the edge off color. The oval shape and the marvelously soft hair turns this handcrafted crease brush into an easy and conveniently applicable makeup tool that is also suitable for very small eyes. Blend colors and edges artificially and soft, soft, soft.
This uniquely soft, fluffy eyeshadow brush fits the contours of the eyelid crease and takes the edge off color. The oval shape and the marvelously soft hair turns this handcrafted crease brush into an easy and conveniently applicable makeup tool that is also suitable for very small eyes. Blend colors and edges artificially and soft, soft, soft.
The 229 Eye Finish eyeshadow brush is the perfect tool to finalize any kind of makeup. Let this brush become your all-time-favorite for nude makeup, smoky eyes and stunning glamorous look. The vegan synthetic bristles in super fluffy duo fibre quality enable a sheer application and smooth blending of powder and cream eyeshadow.
This individually handcrafted brush is ideal for precise shading, covering up and smoothing edges in the eyelid crease or along the lash line. Thanks to its triangular shape and compact natural-synthetic hair mix, it absorbs excess color and applies it evenly and en détail. Small, stylish, compact and soft.
This individually handcrafted brush is ideal for precise shading, covering up and smoothing edges in the eyelid crease or along the lash line. Thanks to its triangular shape and compact natural-synthetic hair mix, it absorbs excess color and applies it evenly and en détail. Small, stylish, compact and soft.
This innovative eye brush is the perfect makeup tool to accentuate the crease and shade eyeshadow edges. The tapered shape and the pointed tip of the brush allow professional, detailed working. The incredibly soft natural-synthetic hair mix will create a gorgeously even and absolutely flawless color finish for enchanting makeup results to fall in love with.
This innovative eye brush is the perfect makeup tool to accentuate the crease and shade eyeshadow edges. The tapered shape and the pointed tip of the brush allow professional, detailed working. The incredibly soft natural-synthetic hair mix will create a gorgeously even and absolutely flawless color finish for enchanting makeup results to fall in love with.
The innovative 231 Petit Crease brush is the perfect makeup tool to accentuate the crease and shade eyeshadow edges. The pointed, yet delicate vegan taklon hair allows professional, detailed working. A darker shade in the eyelid crease creates depth and highlights the eyes – for enchanting makeup results to fall in love with.
The 232 Luxe Classic Shader is a handcrafted, must-have eyeshadow brush to apply and shade eyeshadow evenly from lash to crease. This medium sized brush builds an essential tool for the application and shading of eyeshadow. Its silky, compact hair works with pressed powder and loose pigment eyeshadow.
The 232 Luxe Classic Shader is a handcrafted, must-have eyeshadow brush to apply and shade eyeshadow evenly from lash to crease. This medium sized brush builds an essential tool for the application and shading of eyeshadow. Its silky, compact hair works with pressed powder and loose pigment eyeshadow.
The dense but soft Luxe Smoky Shader brush is the perfect tool for an instant smoky eye makeup. The softly rounded edges are essential for a classical smoky effect. With the super soft natural-synthetic hair mix this individually handcrafted makeup brush applies eyeshadow in the right amount on the upper lid and along the lash line and blends color easily for a professional finish.
The 233 Cream Shader is a handcrafted, must-have eyeshadow brush for all cream eyeshadow lovers. The soft but resistant synthetic bristles and the rounded shape of this brush suit the contours of the eye perfectly and allow even and smooth application of all cream eyeshadow products. A creamy tender makeup dream is coming true!
The dense but soft Luxe Smoky Shader brush is the perfect tool for an instant smoky eye makeup. The softly rounded edges are essential for a classical smoky effect. With the super soft natural-synthetic hair mix this individually handcrafted makeup brush applies eyeshadow in the right amount on the upper lid and along the lash line and blends color easily for a professional finish.
The dense but soft Luxe Smoky Shader brush is the perfect tool for an instant smoky eye makeup. The softly rounded edges are essential for a classical smoky effect. With the super soft natural-synthetic hair mix this individually handcrafted makeup brush applies eyeshadow in the right amount on the upper lid and along the lash line and blends color easily for a professional finish.
The gentle and soft 234 Smoky Shader brush is the right tool for the application of eyeshadow on the upper and lower lid. Dense but soft, the vegan taklon hair will help you create a perfect smoky eye look by blending the edges to a seamless finish. Mystically feminine.
The 235 Contour Shader is a professional, angled eyeshadow brush to apply and shade all kinds of eyeshadow products evenly. The soft, vegan taklon bristles and the slightly angled shape suit the natural contour of your eye and guarantee an easy and convenient application that boosts the natural beauty of your eyes.
The delicate 237 Detail Shader eyeshadow brush is the best for the detailed application and shading of eyeshadow. Compact in size, it is perfect for the application in the inner corner of the eye and highlighting. The dense, dome rounded shape and the soft natural bristles adapt perfectly to the natural shape of your eye, especially when you have very small or hooded eyes.
The 238 Luxe Precise Shader is an especially small, fine and ultra-precise brush for detailed work on the eye area. Due to its petit size it is a suitable brush for very small eyes and precise makeup application. Brilliant for emphasising features and highlighting. Finalize your eye makeup - extremely flattering.
Our ZOEVA Spot Liner brush might be the smallest brush you have ever seen. Tiny yet effective this eyeliner brush was designed to visually thicken your lash line with eyeliner or eyeshadow. An hommage to our love of detail.
Our 312 Detail Liner is a precise eyeliner brush with a very fine, angled nylon tip. This brush was designed to create timeless, vintage eye lid lines like an oldtime hollywood movie diva. The firm nylon bristles work great with all gel, powder and cream eyeliner products.
The Fine Liner brush is an indispensable tool for a classic, subtle eye makeup. This handcrafted eyeliner brush has been ergonomically designed to create flawless and precise eyelid lines. The fine tip and and the vegan nylon bristles enable a professional application with cream eyeliner, cake eyeliner and eyeshadow.
The 316 Classic Liner is an absolute must-have brush for every feminine eye makeup. Create the most seductive cat eyes you have ever seen in no time at all. The pointed, flexible tip made of nylon bristles is perfect to impressively frame your eyes for a seductive cat eye look.
This angled, thin 317 Wing Liner is the perfect eyeliner brush for those who love to wear expressive statement lid lines. The soft, vegan nylon bristles easily adapt to your natural lash line and allow an easy and flawless application of eyeliner with gel, cream, liquid and powder products.
Get the perfect winged lid line with the angled 317 Wing Liner brush. The soft, vegan taklon hair easily adapts to your natural lash line. Pick up a small amount of gel or cream eyeliner and glide along your natural lash line in a steady stroke. It’s the perfect liner brush for those who love to make a statement.
This angled, thin 317 Wing Liner is the perfect eyeliner brush for those who love to wear expressive statement lid lines. The soft, vegan nylon bristles easily adapt to your natural lash line and allow an easy and flawless application of eyeliner with gel, cream, liquid and powder products.
This angled, individually handcrafted eyeliner brush fits perfectly along the eye contour and creates a precise and even line along the upper and lower lashes. Made of vegan taklon bristles that allow easy color control, it can be used with powder, liquid or creamy products.
The tapered shape of the Smoky Liner brush contours the eye with a lush line and creates a sultry, smoky effect. The professional vegan taklon bristles of this eyeliner brush are suitable for liquid and creamy products. For true night-owls and It girls. Simply sexy.
Eyebrows frame the face and give definition and expression. The 321 Brow Comb is a professional eye brow tool to comb and form your eyebrows. Its soft natural bristles keep your brows in place very gently and create a perfectly shaped result.
The ZOEVA 322 Brow Line is a wide, short brush made of vegan taklon bristles. The angled shape will help you to create the perfect arch with either creamy or powder products. A must-have tool for well-defined eyebrows.
The 322 Brow Line is a must-have tool for well-defined eyebrows. The wide, angled shape and short, vegan taklon hair will help you create the perfect arch with either creamy or powder products. And you will see: the brows have it!
The ZOEVA 322 Brow Line is a wide, short brush made of vegan taklon bristles. The angled shape will help you to create the perfect arch with either creamy or powder products. A must-have tool for well-defined eyebrows.
A highlighted brow bone flatters the contours of your eyes and accentuates the brows. Made of finest natural-synthetic hair, the ZOEVA Luxe Brow Light is the perfect tool to apply powder highlighter or powder eyeshadow evenly and layerable underneath the entire brow area. The round shape fits the contours of your brows perfectly.
The tapered, individually handcrafted ZOEVA lip brush precisely paints the contours of the lips, sharp and clear. The soft vegan bristles offer a perfectly even color application that easily reaches the corners. It is retractable and thus the perfect travel tool.
With its angled shape and the particularly large brush head, composed of an exquisite natural-synthetic hair blend, the 88 Luxe Power Buffer enables a featherlight, large-area application of any powder product on face, neck and décolleté
With its feather-soft brush head the 90 Grand Luxe Powder is the ideal tool to fix the makeup extensively with loose or pressed powder and make the look durable for the whole day.
Thanks to its ergonomic shape and its feathery hair the 96 Luxe Powder Veil brush wraps the skin in a delicate, powdery veil. The allrounder allows flawless blending of blush, bronzer and highlighter – for a naturally beautiful result.
Thanks to its perfectly to the facial contour adapted silhouette the 98 Luxe Contour Artist flatters cheeks, chin and temples and allows even contouring newcomers to mold their facial features professionally. The brush adjusts impeccably to any face shape and additionally is an excellent tool for applying blush or bronzer.
Our Eyeshadow Fix prepares the eyes for vibrant eyeshadows and all-day wear with absolutely no creasing. Enriched with rice silk, this innovative, paraben- and fragrance-free formula works great for oily eyelids and is easy to apply and blend. It’s concentrated: the size of a rain drop from the needle nose squeeze tube covers the entire lid. Wear this matte eyeshadow base alone to even out your natural lid tone or as a base for matte eyeshadows. The silky soft texture creates a great nude base color and smoothes out fine lines.
Enter a new dimension of Cat Eyes. Create ultimate diva looks with this ultra precise inkliner pen providing smooth and easy application creating a highly pigmented, intense black line with a silky finish that is quick drying and non feathering. Designed with a thin innovative tip it is ideal for beauty beginners as well as for makeup professionals. The long lasting formula will provide you with a gorgeous makeup that will last all day long. Our Cat Eye Pen is dermatologically approved and free of parabens and formaldehyd.
The Cream Eye Liner is a true professional makeup product. Smooth and easy to apply, this cream liner is perfect for creating a precise finish with excellent true color coverage that will stay in place all day. The pro-formula is long wearing, water-resistant and fragrance free for rich colored and gorgeous eye makeups.
Experience the new generation of Lip Crayon+! The super light and creamy formula is full of pigment for a color intense and longwear perfect result. An infusion of pearl powder, vitamin E, jojoba oil and chamomile ensures smooth, plumped and intense moistured lips. The subtle shine finish makes your lips the most loveable, kissable and irresistible. This formula is free of mineral oils, paraben, paraffin and fragrance. Dermatologically approved. 
A long-wearing creamy lipstick, full of luxury and pigmentation that guarantees comfort from the very first application. Enriched with ivy, mallow and elderflower, this vegan formula provides an instant moisturizing action for your lips. Bring out the woman in you! 
Our ZOEVA Bamboo Set Vol. 2 is a vegan brush set for the free-spirited, balanced souls who love a simple design and grant themselves some luxury. Inspired by the origins of nature, our Bamboo Vol. 2 Set reflects the beginning of all things beautiful and our zest for life. The eight vegan brushes of the Bamboo Vol. 2 Set are made of three renewable materials: Soft vegan taklon hair, bamboo wooden handles and golden colored aluminum ferrules refining the eco luxe design. We brought these carefully selected and hand-crafted materials to life, as we want to make your makeup application easy and flawless. 
The 105 Highlight is the perfect tool for highlighting your cheekbones, nose, cupid’s bow or decollete. The super soft and silky taklon hair instantly creates light-reflecting results. Be polished, be beautiful.
Contour your face with contour powder by placing the brush at the center of the ear, guide towards the tip of the nose and stop shortly before the corner of the eye. Lightly whisk the color remaining on the brush under the chin and on the hairline and blend everything softly to a flawless finish.
The flat, oval-shaped 227 Soft Definer brush is the perfect tool for blending and shading pressed powder, loose pigment and cream eyeshadow. The smooth vegan taklon hair creates stunning effects and glamorous looks. Soft and vegan.
The 232 Luxe Classic Shader is a handcrafted, must-have eyeshadow brush to apply and shade eyeshadow evenly from lash to crease. This medium sized brush builds an essential tool for the application and shading of eyeshadow. Its silky, compact hair works with pressed powder and loose pigment eyeshadow.
Get away for the weekend and take this 4-brushes kit with you! It contains everything you need to stick to the basics but won’t take up much space in your makeup bag!
Enhance your natural beauty by using the right tools to apply your favorite makeup products. The set comes with 8 essential, natural and synthetic high-quality brushes for face and eyes. Use them on a daily basis, for natural to bold and bright looks.
The ZOEVA Classic Eye Set is an exclusive selection of 6 high quality eye brushes in one set. With this brush set you can create professional eye makeups, from subtle everyday makeup to seductive smoky eyes.
A MUST kit for your every-day foundation ritual. Apply liquid and powder formulas like a pro and blend for a perfect result. Made from both, natural and synthetic high-quality bristles, it offers a great selection of 6 brushes to keep your face beautiful. 
Our magical Rose Golden brushes are now available as an extended version – an enchanting composition of fifteen luxurious, handcrafted brushes made of rose golden ferrules and matte handles in Pantone ® Black 5C, stowed in an elegant dark brown brush clutch.
We dream in powder nude and rose gold. The Rose Golden Vol. 2 Collection revives every sleeping beauty. Treat yourself like a princess with the new Rose Golden Vol. 2 Collection and live your modern fairy tale with ZOEVA's new gems. We celebrate the woman awakening the girl within, the one she never lost but has often forgotten. She is her own well-kept secret, but above all, she is a woman in the purest form.
The ZOEVA En Taupe Brush Set is a special edition brush set in a taupe colored design containing an exclusive selection of 6 high quality eye brushes for subtle everyday makeup to seductive smoky eyes. The matching clutch has been embellished with a prominent crown-shaped metal zipper and designed with a futuristic lining that makes it an incomparably fashionable statement in itself.
The 238 Luxe Precise Shader is an especially small, fine and ultra-precise brush for detailed work on the eye area. Due to its petit size it is a suitable brush for very small eyes and precise makeup application. Brilliant for emphasising features and highlighting. Finalize your eye makeup - extremely flattering.
We are luxurious. An exquisite selection of 15 of our finest brushes, made from a custom blend of natural and synthetic bristles. Feel like a queen every time you apply makeup and transform your makeup ritual into something special. 
The ZOEVA Luxe Prime Set treats your face with 10 of our best, carefully selected ZOEVA brushes for face an eyes. Unique soft bristles in high quality taklon and our finest natural-synthetic blend hair caress your skin and upgrade your daily makeup routine to a truly luxurious experience. Spoil yourself!
Release your inner makeup artist and equip yourself with 25 handcrafted high-quality brushes! The kit contains all brushes you need for face and eyes and helps you to set your makeup easy and flawless. Stored in our classy BRUSH BELT, your brushes will stay dust-free and organized.
Release your inner makeup artist and invest in this ultimate collection of 25 professional-grade brushes. It contains all brushes you need to create a full face of catwalk to red carpet inspired looks. Housed in our popular ZOE BAG, this set will have you ready for instant portability.
Emancipate yourself and live your pink addiction. Pink is the color of passion. Gunmetal gray represents strength. Uniting pure feminity and a masculine chic in a new brush design, our Pink Elements brush collection celebrates women who dare to run the world. Be inspired in your daily makeup routine by this elementary contrast to promote self-confidence and love.
The uniquely soft 228 Crease eyeshadow brush is an ideal tool for blending and shading eye makeup in the crease. The oval shape and the marvelously soft vegan taklon hair of this brush glamorizes perfectly defined, radiant eyes. Love at first sight.
We dream in powder nude and rose gold. The Rose Golden Vol. 2 Collection revives every sleeping beauty. Treat yourself like a princess with the new Rose Golden Vol. 2 Collection and live your modern fairy tale with ZOEVA's new gems. We celebrate the woman awakening the girl within, the one she never lost but has often forgotten. She is her own well-kept secret, but above all, she is a woman in the purest form.
After declaring our never ending love for Rose Golden with our stunning Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 collections, what could be a more beautiful way to enrich our brush range than introducing a top to toe Rose Golden Vol. 3 brush edition – the ultimate Rose Golden set and the perfect completion to our extraordinary trilogy. More than ever, our marvelous ZOEVA Rose Golden Luxury Set Vol. 3 combines the elegance and grandeur of gold with the playfulness of delicate rose shades, exuding a gracious glamour and an enchanting femininity. The dazzling set comes with eight divine, handcrafted brushes – a harmony of rose golden ferrules and handles, assembled with the finest natural and synthetic hair, stored in an elegant anthracite brush clutch.
A set of 8 high-quality brushes, made exclusively of synthetic bristles. Its collection consists of classic face and eyes brushes, making it a great kit for lovers of a simple makeup routine. Suitable even for the most sensitive skin. 
Treat your face right and use this set of 6 vegan brushes for a proper makeup application. Its synthetic bristles work perfectly with liquid and compact formulas, while the softness and density blends your face makeup to perfection. 
Applying makeup is a personal thing! This completely vegan set of 10 brushes will be your secret weapon to create all of your favorite looks, for day and night. The compact and softest synthetic bristles pick up the right amount of color and buff the skin to a beautiful finish. 
Talc, Zinc Stearate, Mica (Ci 77019), Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polybutene, Octyldodecanol, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Lauroyl Lysine, Dehydroacetic Acid, [May Contain. +/- CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 16035 (Red 40 Lake), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide)].
Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Peg/Ppg-19/19 Dimethicone, Synthetic Wax, Hydrogenated Polydicyclopentadiene, Nylon-12, C20-40 Alcohols, Perfluorononyl Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Diisostearate/Polyhydroxystearate/Sebacate, Polyethylene, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopherol, [May Contain. +/- CI 77019 (Mica), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77492 (Iron Oxide), CI 77491 (Iron Oxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxide)] 
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)].
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)]
BH Cosmetics Extreme Pressed Pigment is a Eyeshadow. There are 24 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)]
Talc, Mica, Mineral Oil, Kaolin, Titanium Dioxide, Magnesium Stearate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Lanolin, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, BHT. May contain (+/-) Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ultramarine Blue (CI 77007), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chrome Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), FD&C Red No.40 Al Lake (CI 16035), FD&C Yellow No.5 Al Lake (CI 19140:1), FD&C Blue No.1 Al Lake (CI 42090:2).
BH Cosmetics Forever Nude Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Forever Nude Blush/Highlighter is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Forever Nude Lipcolor is a Lipstick. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850:1), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2)] 
Talc,Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)].
BH Cosmetics Baked Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A full coverage lip contour with a lipstick and gloss in one portable tool. Ideal for on-the-go tartelettes™, this travel-friendly lip essential delivers a dose of color and high-definition shine in a range of complementing shades with a sweet vanilla finish. 
Tarte Lip Sculptor Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A double duty beauty™ eye liner and shadow tool. Master a stunning stare with this 2-in-1 eye essential featuring a waterproof twist-up liner and cream shadow.
Tarte Eye Architect Liner is a Eyeliner. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Eye Architect Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Lip Sculptor Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Give lips the shine of a gloss, the color intensity of a lipstick, and the cushiony feel and comfort of a balm. This intelligent emulsion formulation blends two phases in the bottle. Upon application, the phases break apart into two layers: an upper layer with a glossy shine, transparency, and a plumping effect, and a lower, layer with oil and pigment that creates a balmy base so and bright color that adheres to lips. 
Tarte Clay Pot Waterproof Shadow Liner is a Eyeshadow that retails for $21.00 and contains 0.08 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Cushion Blush Subtil gives your cheeks vibrant, color-infused illumination with effortless application. Infused with highly concentrated color pigments, it only takes a small amount to tint, refresh, and brighten your cheeks instantly. Its innovative cushion sponge allows for buildable, customized intensity—just tap the sponge lightly for a sheer cheek tint or tap firmly to deliver more fluid for a bolder look. Similar to a cushion foundation, the blush is packed with skin care actives that give your skin a boost of intense hydration, providing a cooling sensation while brightening the appearance of skin. Featuring shades in roses, corals, and pinks, this blush has a match for all skintones.
L'ABSOLU ROUGE DÉFINITION masters the art of highly-saturated lip color for perfectly-defined lips. Formulated with essential oils, including jojoba oil with a light-diffusing gel, it provides lips with four hours of comfort and hydration. This lipstick offers bold color and smooth, precise application that leaves a creamy-matte finish without drying out the lips.
Dimethicone, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2,Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Phenyl Trimethicone, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Ozokerite, Hydrogenated Jojoba Oil, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Isostearyl Isostearate, Kaolin, Isohexadecane, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Nylon-12, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Tin Oxide, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Methicone, Silica, Alumina, Aluminum Hydroxide, Magnesium Silicate, Hydrated Silica, Hydroxypropyl Tetrahydropyrantriol, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Polyethylene, Bht, Geraniol, Hydroxycitronellal, Citronellol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Benzyl Alcohol, Fragrance, [+/- May Contain Ci 15850/Red 6, Ci 15850/Red 7, Ci 15850/Red 7 Lake.
Juicy Shaker’s bi-phase technology delivers the first pigmented lip oil with two distinct phases. The first phase features a transparent oil for a comfortable, non-sticky shine. Formulated with a blend of five nourishing oils, it treats your lips like a lip balm. Peach kernel oil, a well-known emollient, softens lips while sweet almond oil conditions, apricot oil hydrates, and cranberry oil provides rich antioxidant properties. Muscat rose oil, which is rich in essential fatty acids, helps to soothe your lips. The second phase provides pigment for a touch of color. Shake the bottle like a cocktail shaker to emulsify them together. The cushion applicator enhances application by delivering the perfect amount of non-sticky shine and a sheer tint of color to lips.
Talc, Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Dimethicone, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Tocopheryl Acetate, Magnesium Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Ultramarines (CI 77007)]
BH Cosmetics 120-Color Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 481 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc,Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)]
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Isopropyl Palmitate, Diisostearyl Malate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Chromium Oxide Green (CI 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2), Ultramarines (CI 77007)] 
BH Cosmetics 88-Color Palette Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 264 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Liquid Matte Lipstick has high intensity pigment for an instant bold matte lip. The extremely long wearing lipstick contains moisturizing ingredients for a comfortable, emollient and silky feel that does not dry your lips out.
This ultra-long wearing lip liner has a creamy texture that glides across the lips for a very easy and comfortable application. The Lip Liner sharpens easily in most standard sized sharpeners - just make sure your sharpener is not dull!
Kylie created the #KylieLipKit Gloss as another secret weapon to help you create the perfect 'Kylie Lip.’ The ‘Literally’ shade is a warm toned peachy nude.
This stay- in place lustrous soft focus gloss glides on smoothly and evenly to the lips leaving behind a luminous and voluminous effect. A blend of vitamin E and highly emollient ingredients provide hydration and moisturize the lips; while natural lip enhancers provide nothing but volume. An even and saturated application is provided with simplicity, yet comfort, and delivers a long lasting brilliantly glossy end look.
Wear alone, with your favorite lip pencils or layer on top of lipsticks... Also pair with the Kylie Lip Kit for a bold, glossy look. 
Kylie created the #KylieLip Metal Matte as another secret weapon to help you create the perfect 'Kylie Lip'. Kymajesty is a blackened gunmetal sprinkled with silver and multi-colored glitter on top. Liquid lipstick meets metallic. The Metal Matte Lipstick provides bold metallic lips, creamy feel with long lasting wear. While this is a long wearing formula, it does not ever dry down on your lips, lips remain moisturized and comfortable with high impact metallic color.
Dress your lips in decadent color with our Velvet Matte Lipstick--a luxurious new lip color that glides right on and never feels dry. Housed in an elegant soft-touch case, each standout shade is a fashion statement in itself.
Play up your pout with a silky stroke of Plush Gel Lipstick. Available in 12 totally vibrant shades, this lippie brings together an oh-so-soft feel and the high shine of a gloss. Drench lips in a wash of color for an instantly polished look anytime you crave a quick touch-up. Want a bolder finish? (Yes, please!) A second swipe is twice as nice.
Slip into something seductive with Lip Lingerie, our new weightless liquid lipstick with a plush matte finish. Available in a range of color-kissed nudes—from cinnamon pink and chocolate brown, to warm mahogany red and classic nude beige—each sultry shade will coat the curves of your lips with irresistibly creamy color.
Doll up your lips in plush and vibrant color! NYX Professional Makeup's Liquid Suede Cream Lipstick glides on and sets into a striking matte finish. Velvety soft and waterproof, this long-lasting lippie creates a positively polished look with every swipe.
It’s the color addict’s ultimate fix and a makeup artist’s dream: Our new waterproof Full Throttle Lipstick covers your lips with super-saturated matte color and features a unique bullet with a beveled edge for lining, filling and perfecting your pout to your heart’s desire.
This versatile lip color infuses lips with lasting moisture and enhances lips' fullness.
Shiseido Luminizing Satin Face Color is a Blush that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This bronzer creates a natural, radiant, sun-kissed look. Infused with soft, lightweight powder, it creates a perfectly even, natural finish. 
Veiled Rouge lipstick locks in color, luster, and moisture into place, preventing it from transferring when eating or drinking. It is formulated to minimize the appearance of vertical lines and uneven skin for flawless, lasting color. Swipe on this lip color to keep lips looking beautiful and moisturized all day long.
Inspired by Japanese lacquerware, one coat of this luxurious formula provides intense color and deep luster. The applicator fits closely against the lips for a comfortable and even application that does not bleed. Lacquer Rouge improves dry, rough, or peeling lips with continued use, leaving them smooth and deeply moisturized.

 A plumping, lightweight liquid lipstick with an addictive whipped texture and soft matte finish. Create a wild lip look with this audacious, lightweight liquid lipstick. This seductive lipstick features an addictive whipped texture and soft matte finish while moisturizing butters give lips a cushiony feel. Lightweight and easy to apply, this edgy lipstick has the pigment of a liquid lipstick with the comfort of a gloss. 
No shimmer or glimmer—just creamy, glass-smooth gloss, decadent color, intoxicating shine, and famous tingle for a gentle plumping effect. Encapsulated hyaluronic spheres infuse lips with moisture while vitamins A and E help keep them supple, protected, and extra kissable. 
This creamy, multitasking product glides on skin and hair smoothly to create clean, defined brows. The standout formula works as a brow primer and provides color, sculpture, and shading. It is ideal for oily skin and in humid climates.
Josie Maran Coconut Watercolor Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.16 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A deep, dazzling black eyeliner with an ultra fine, yet flexible tip for ease and precise application. Waterproof and sweat proof, the liquid eyeliner comes with a quick dry formula to prevent smudges and smears. Long wearing and with an intense shade, eyes are enhanced and defined for hours on end, without need of touch-ups.
Inspired by Shiseido Makeup Artistic Director Dick Page's travels around the globe, the trio palette offers alluring combinations and intriguing variety. The true, intense colors blend smoothly to create your perfectly individual eye look.
Shiseido Luminizing Satin Eye Color is a Eyeshadow. There are 27 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This three-in-one compact features specialized colors and textures that create a three-dimensional look. Blush, bronze, and highlight seamlessly with this three-shade palette. Blend together the three colors for a glowing look, or brush each one on individually to accentuate the complexion, add dimension, and balance the tones.
Shiseido Face Color (Blush) is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Face Color (Bronzer) is a Bronzer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Shiseido Face Color (Highlighter) is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Kaolin, Lauroyl Lysine, Trimethylsiloxyphenyl Dimethicone, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Isostearyl Isostearate, Alumina, Quartz, Tocopheryl Acetate, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499), Black 2 (CI 77266)[nano], Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Carmine (CI 75470), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140).
NYX Avant Pop! Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 30 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
With 10 gorgeous shades that range from neutral to vibrant, matte or shimmer, this palette is coveted by professionals and everyday-glam girls alike! Mix and match shades for a custom-blended color with buildable coverage that coes from sheer to intense. Ideal for cheeks and contouring.
Talc, Dimethicone, Silica, Nylon-12, Isopropyl Palmitate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140:1), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850:1), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090:2)]
BH Cosmetics Contour & Blush Powder is a Highlighter. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Kaolin, Dimethicone, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492)]
BH Cosmetics Forever Nude Highlight is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Forever Nude Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Forever Nude Contour is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Every budding beauty needs the perfect cheek flush. BH Floral Blush Duos are inspired by flower petals and their feminine, soft colors and include two shades inside each mirror, magnetic palette. Swirl the two shades together and apply or use them separately to sculpt a lovely glow.
BH Cosmetics Floral Blush is a Blush. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Silica, Nylon-12, Dimethicone, Isopropyl Palmitate, Squalane, Magnesium Stearate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)] 
BH Cosmetics Studio Pro Highlight is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Studio Pro Contour is a Contour. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Nylon-12, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Ethylhexyl Hydroxystearate, Diisostearyl Malate, Butylene Glycol, Silica, Polysorbate 80, Phenoxyethanol, O-Cymen-5-ol. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77491), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035)]
BH Cosmetics Illuminator is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
BH Cosmetics Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Isopropyl Myristate, Kaolin, Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain/Puet Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).] 
BH Cosmetics Bombshell Bronze Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Octyldodecanol, Ceresin, Polyisobutylene, Polyethylene, Diisostearyl Malate, Cera Alba/Beeswax/Cire d'abeille, Tocopheryl Acetate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum/Fragrance. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410)] 
BH Cosmetics Lipstick (Palette) is a Lipstick. There are 56 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Polybutene, C12-20 Isoparaffin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Ethylhexyl Stearate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Microcrystalline Wax / Cera Microcristallina / Cire Microcristalline, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Flavor (Aroma), Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Eugenol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal. May Contain/Peut Contenir [+/-: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850)] 
BH Cosmetics Pride + Prejudice + Zombies Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Blush, blend, line and define with our pale pink BH Chic 14 Piece Brush Set, a collection of professional-quality brush essentials for face, eyes, and lips. The two-tone synthetic brushes can be used with liquids, creams and powders to achieve precise makeup application, allowing you to create flawless looks ranging from subtle to striking. Brushes come in a matching zip-up case with room to stash additional items.
BH Cosmetics Angled Powder Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Powder Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Powder Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Crease Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Flat Eyeshadow Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Oval Eyeshadow Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eyeshadow Blending Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Concealer Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Concealer Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Eyeliner Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Eyeliner Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Oval Lip Brush #12 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Standard Lip Brush #13 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Precision Eyeliner Brush #14 is a Brush.
Add a dash of flash to your makeup vanity with our Bright White 6 Piece Brush Set, a brilliant option for use at home and on the road. The multipurpose collection features must-have makeup brushes for eyes and face, including foundation, dual-fiber powder, blush/contour, eyeshadow, eye blender, and angled eyeliner. The set comes in a convenient matching zip-top case with plenty of room to stash additional items.
BH Cosmetics Dual-Fiber Powder Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eyeshadow Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eyeshadow Blending Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Contour/Highlight Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Foundation Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner & Brow Brush #6 is a Brush.
This dazzling Neon Pink 6 Piece Brush Set is a bright idea for home and travel. The versatile collection features basic beauty brushes for face and eyes, including foundation, dual-fiber powder, blush/contour, eyeshadow, eye blender, and angled eyeliner. Brushes come in a convenient matching zip-top case with extra room for additional items.
Professional makeup artists and beauty mavens will appreciate our Sculpt and Blend 2 - 10 Piece Brush Set. With face and eye brushes, the versatile collection was designed for use with liquids, creams, and powders. The full range of dual-fiber brushes tackles a wide variety of application needs, from applying blush, bronzer, and powder to lining, defining, blending, and smudging to achieve a flawless look.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #113 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Round Blending Face Brush #113 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Contouring Face Brush #115 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Blending Face Brush #116 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Contouring Face Brush #117 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Tapered Conturing Face Brush #118 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Angled Blending Face Brush #119 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Flat Blending Face Brush #120 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Angled Contouring Face Brush #121 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Round Blending Face Brush #122 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Top Buffing Brush #123 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Face Blending Brush #124 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Contour Brush #125 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Precision Blush Brush #126 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Face Shader Brush #127 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Deluxe Blending Brush #128 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Round Blending Brush #129 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Shader Brush #130 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Nose Contour Brush #131 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Precision Detailer Brush #132 is a Brush.
Help your customers achieve smooth, precise makeup application with a designer touch using our Studded Couture 12 Piece Brush Set. The high-style selection of super-soft synthetic face and eye brushes in a gold-studded ivory cylindrical case is perfect for professionals as well as consumers. The protective hard case snaps closed for travel and adds a chic accent to any makeup table.
BH Cosmetics Large Angled Contour Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Buffing Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Precision Blush Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Face Shader Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Pointed Foundation Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Concealer Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Domed Blending Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Fluff Shadow Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Blending Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Shading Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Pencil Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner & Brow Brush #12 is a Brush.
Put your best face forward with our five-piece Face Essential Brush Set. This complete wardrobe of luxurious, professional-quality synthetic brushes contains everything you need to create a flawless face with ease. Ideal for applying powders, creams, and liquids and depositing color in just the right amount for a perfect finish every time.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #108 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Duo Fiber Brush #109 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Contour Brush #110 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Foundation Brush #111 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Concealer Brush #112 is a Brush.
Line, define, shade, and blend shadow with our versatile seven-piece Eye Essential Brush Set. A complete wardrobe of professional-quality synthetic and natural-hair brushes, it offers endless options for creating any eye look that suits your mood, from soft and subtle to bold and bright. You'll be the belle of the ball in the blink of an eye.
BH Cosmetics Blending Brush #101 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Shader Brush #102 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Shader Brush #103 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blending Brush #104 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Pencil Brush #105 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Fine Liner Brush #106 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Angled Brush #107 is a Brush.
Talk about heavy metal! This versatile 14 Piece Metallic Pink Brush Set features classic, cruelty-free brushes for face, eyes, and lips -- all in eye-popping electric pink and black to add a jolt of color to your makeup table. The soft synthetic bristles work with creams and powders and allow you to achieve professional makeup application every time. The collection comes in a matching roll-up, snap-close clutch for storage and travel.
BH Cosmetics Lip Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Smudge Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Angled Liner Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Concealer Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Eyeshadow Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Shading Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Firm Blending Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Rounded Blending Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Pointed Crease Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Shadow Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Foundation Brush #12 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blush/Contour Brush #13 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #14 is a Brush.
Add dazzle to your dressing table with our stylish Shimmering Bronze 12 Piece Brush Set, a collection of super-soft, professional-quality synthetic eye and face brushes in a sparkling bronze cylinder. The protective hard case snaps closed for travel, making it as efficient as it is attractive.
BH Cosmetics Fan Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Powder Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Blush Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Classic Foundation Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Domed Blending Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Fluffy Shader Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Blending Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Flat Top Shader Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Shadow Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Pencil Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Spooley Brush #12 is a Brush.
This super-soft 11 piece synthetic brush set includes a great variety of both complexion and eye brushes and is cruelty free! The bonus Deluxe Fan Brush included is a great brush for bronzing the chest or body. Featuring quirky and cute polka dotted brush handles, this set comes wrapped inside its own adorable matching cylindrical hard case that snaps up for quick travel and looks stylish on a makeup station or counter top!
BH Cosmetics Tapered Eyeliner Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Lip Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Eyeliner Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Shadow Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Smudge Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Classic Shadow Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Shadow Blending Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Classic Foundation Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blush Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Deluxe Fan Brush #11 is a Brush.
Cute and convenient, this 10 pc Pop Art Brush Set comes in a durable striped snap-closure container for easy travel. It's packed full of super-soft complexion and eye brushes with brightly hued neon handles - and you can convert it into a brush caddy that looks great on any dressing table!
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Powder/Blush Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Foundation Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Complexion Blending Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Complexion Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Eyeshadow Blending Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Fluffy Angled Eyeshadow Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner/Brow Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Lip Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Spooley Brush #10 is a Brush.
Classy and chic, this 14 piece brush set is big on style and sophistication. This gorgeous cruelty free set features super soft synthetic hair and a wonderful variety of both eye and face brushes. Long glossy white and gold handles sit pretty inside the XL size white brush cylinder that boasts our signature BH Cosmetics pattern in gold and snaps tightly to travel or store on your countertop or vanity.
BH Cosmetics Flat Contour Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Domed Buffing Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Contour Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blush Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Blending Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Crease Shading Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Flat Shadow & Concealer Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Flat Shadow & Concealer Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Smudger Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Detailing Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Brow Brush #12 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Bent Fine Liner Brush #13 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Spooley Brush #14 is a Brush.
This is truly the ultimate brush set -- with 36 different face, lip and eye brushes, it has everything you could possibly need! Made from a mix of synthetic and natural bristles, they let you line, blend and shade to create the perfect look. They come in a travel-friendly faux-leather case with a silver-toned clasp.
BH Cosmetics Eyeshadow Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Spooley Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Fan Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Shadow Sponge Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eyeliner Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Rounded Liner Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Bent Eyeliner Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Smudger Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Angled Liner Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Rounded Liner Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Liner Brush #12 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eyeliner Smudger #13 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Round Angled Smudge Brush #14 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Lip Brush #15 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Concealer Brush #16 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Short Smudger Brush #17 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Concealer Brush #18 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Smudge Brush #19 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Smudge Brush #20 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Crease Brush #21 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Shadow Brush #22 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Round Flat Shader Brush #23 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eyeshadow Brush #24 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Shadow Brush #25 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Blending Brush #26 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Short Shadow Brush #27 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blending Brush #28 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Shadow Brush #29 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Foundation Brush #30 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Blush Brush #31 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Angled Blush Brush is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Highlight & Contour Brush #33 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Duo Fiber Stippling Brush #34 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #35 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Fan Brush #36 is a Brush.
This sleek set of 15 brushes contains everything you need for a complete full-face look. Featuring durable rose gold ferrules, it includes a mix of natural and synthetic fibers for ultimate softness and blendable application. Brushes fit perfectly in a chic auburn quilted carrying case with rose gold latch closure perfect for any occasion.
BH Cosmetics Spooley Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Brow & Lash Grooming Brush is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Fine Eyeliner Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Detailing Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Classic Shadow Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Smudge Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Curved Shading Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Shadow Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Classic Shadow Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Blending Brush #12 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Classic Foundation Brush #13 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blush & Powder Brush #14 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #15 is a Brush.
This sleek, eco-friendly 10 piece brush set is made with all natural & recycled materials, allowing you to create stunning looks while protecting the environment! Each brush comes with soft, fluffy synthetic bristles, making it easy achieve a flawless makeup application. Each set comes in a soft linen case that will protect your brushes when on the go.
BH Cosmetics Angled Blush Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Blending Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Contouring Blending Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Smudge Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Shadow Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Shadow Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Eyeliner Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Lip Concealer Brush #10 is a Brush.
Achieve the ultimate airbrushed finish effortlessly with our versatile Dual Fiber 9 Piece Brush Set. The convenient collection of synthetic face and eye brushes can be used with liquids, creams and powders, making it a cinch to buff, blend and bronze like a pro. Brushes come in a black, quilted, roll-up case with a zipper compartment for additional beauty essentials.
BH Cosmetics Flat Eyeliner Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Eye Blending Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eye Blending Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Blending Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Foundation Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Powder Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Oval Powder Brush #8 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Rounded Powder Brush #9 is a Brush.
You'll flip for our Double Duty 6 Piece Split Fiber Brush Set, a collection of face and eye brushes with a split personality! Each brush features white synthetic bristles on one side for applying creams and liquids, and powder-perfect, dark natural bristles on the other, allowing you to place, blend, and set makeup using a single tool. These dynamic brush duos give new meaning to the term splitting hairs!
BH Cosmetics Rounded Shadow Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Rounded Blending Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Shadow Brush #6 is a Brush.
Our 10 pc Deluxe Makeup Brush Set includes 10 essential brushes with sleek red handles. Brushes are held in a trendy black pouch that can store additional small items, like pencils and tweezers! This portable set fits in most purses, and the zippered pouch keeps your tools secure.
Our 10 pc Deluxe Makeup Brush Set includes 10 essential brushes with sleek red handles. Brushes are held in a trendy black pouch that can store additional small items, like pencils and tweezers! This portable set fits in most purses, and the zippered pouch keeps your tools secure.
BH Cosmetics Blush Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Classic Foundation Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Shader Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Flat Shadow & Concealer Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Flat Shadow & Concealer Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Lip Brush #7 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Fine Liner Brush #9 is a Brush.
Sophisticated and ready to travel with you everywhere, the Boho Chic Brush Set features 4 sleek brushes made with blonde wood handles, finished with rose gold ferrules. Soft cruelty-free hair adorns each double-ended brush. Set comes inside a simple natural fiber travel bag with zipper closure.
BH Cosmetics Angled Eyeliner & Brow Brush/Spooley Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Classic Eyeshadow Brush/Eye Detailing Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Powder Brush/Angled Blush Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Smudge Brush/Fine Eyeliner Brush #4 is a Brush.
Our 7 Piece Faux Croc Brush Set includes seven different synthetic brushes that are essential for daily looks. With five eye brushes and two for perfecting your complexion, you'll always have the right tools close at hand. Plus, this compact-chic set is ideal for travel!
BH Cosmetics Angled Blush Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Powder Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Tapered Crease Brush #3 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Flat Shadow/Concealer Brush #4 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Flat Shadow/Concealer Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Lip Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Liner/Brow Brush #7 is a Brush.
Whether you're a novice or professional makeup artist, this 18-piece Studio Pro Brush Set was custom created just for you! This high-quality complete set features eighteen professional-grade brushes for face, eyes and lips in a sleek faux leather tool belt. With these brushes made from synthetic, goat, and pony hair, you'll be able to create any look you desire.
BH Cosmetics Large Powder Brush #1 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Duo Fiber Stippling Brush #2 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Contour Brush #5 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Fluff Brush #6 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Flat Liner Brush #9 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Small Smudger Brush #10 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Large Blending Brush #11 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Medium Shader Brush #12 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Pencil Brush #13 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Concealer Brush #14 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Angled Brow & Liner Brush #15 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Eye Detailing Brush #16 is a Brush.
BH Cosmetics Spooley Brush #17 is a Brush.
Whether you're a novice or professional makeup artist, this 18-piece Studio Pro Brush Set was custom created just for you! This high-quality complete set features eighteen professional-grade brushes for face, eyes and lips in a sleek faux leather tool belt. With these brushes made from synthetic, goat, and pony hair, you'll be able to create any look you desire.
BH Cosmetics Fine Liner Brush #18 is a Brush.
Titanium dioxide, caprylic/capric triglyceride, silica, ethylhexyl isononanoate, hydrogenated polyisobutene, mica, boron nitride, diisostearyl malate, trimethylsiloxysilicate, iron oxides, phenoxyethanol, stearalkonium hectorite, propylene carbonate, ethylene/propylene/styrene copolymer, ethylhexylglycerin, butylene/ethylene/styrene copolymer, BHT May contain: carmine
Milk Makeup Cream Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
PARAFFINUM LIQUIDUM, PETROLATUM, ISOPROPYL PALMITATE, RICINUS COMMUNIS OIL, BUTYL STEARATE, COPERNICIA CERIFERA CERA, PARAFFIN, CANDELILLA CERA, CERA ALBA, CERESIN, CERA MICROCRISTALLINA, STEARYL HEPTANOATE, POLYETHYLENE, TALC, STEARYL CAPRYLATE, METHYLPARABEN, PROPYLPARABEN, BHT (+/-): CI 77891, MICA, CI 77007, CI 77400, CI 77510, CI 77492, CI 77499, CI 16035, CI 19140, CI 42090, CI 75470, CI 77000, CI 77163, CI 77266, CI 77288, CI 77289, CI 77742, CI 77947, CI 77491
Rouge Bunny Rouge Brightening Liner is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
TALC, MICA, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE, CETYL DIMETHICONE, BIS-DIGLYCERYL POLYACYLADIPATE-2, PHENOXYETHANOL, LAUROYL LYSINE, SORBITAN SESQUIOLEATE, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, DISODIUM EDTA, SILICA, POTASSIUM CHLORIDE, SODIUM CHLORIDE, MAGNESIUM CHLORIDE, ZINC CHLORIDE, +/-: CI 77499, CI 77891, CI 77491, CI 77288, CI 77007, CI 77492, CI 77742, CI 77510
Rouge Bunny Rouge Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
TALC, MICA, DIMETHICONE, OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE, NYLON-12, ZINC STEARATE, C26-28 ALKYL DIMETHICONE, ZEOLITE, SORBIC ACID, METHYLPARABEN, ALUMINUM STARCH OCTENYLSUCCINATE, ZEA MAYS STARCH, PROPYLPARABEN, TETRASODIUM EDTA, BUTYLPARABEN, PEG-6 ISOSTEARATE, ISONONYL ISONONANOATE, SILICA, BHT, PCA DIMETHICONE, CETEARYL ETHYLHEXANOATE, OCTYLDODECANOL, HESPERETIN LAURATE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL. (+/-): CI 77891, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, CI 77007, CI 75470, CI 77742, CI 77510, CI 77288, CI 77289, CI 19140, CI 42090, CI 77266
ISODODECANE, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, MICA, C30-45 ALKYL DIMETHICONE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL, SILICA DIMETHYL SILYLATE, TALC, STEARYL DIMETHICONE, POLYSILICONE-11, CERA ALBA, POLYGLYCERYL-4 ISOSTEARATE, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, HEXYL LAURATE, HYDROGENATED STYRENE/ISOPRENE COPOLYMER, DIMETHICONE/VINYL DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, DICALCIUM PHOSPHATE, SILICA, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, DIMETHICONE, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, COFFEA ARABICA OIL, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, SPILANTHES ACMELLA FLOWER EXTRACT, PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-t-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE. (+/-): CI 77891, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, CI 77007, CI 77163, CI 75470, CI 77742, CI 77510, CI 77288, CI 77289, CI 19140, CI 42090
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, PTFE, Nylon-12, Kaolin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 42090)
e.l.f. Clay Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 25 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Polyisobutene, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Dimethicone, Silica, Phenoxyethanol May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), DC Black #2 (CI 77266), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)
Talc, Dimethicone, Magnesium Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol Color
Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Magnesium Stearate, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Polyethylene, Nylon-12, Polyisobutene, Bismuth Oxychloride, Methylparaben, Propylparaben May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)
e.l.f. Shadow & Liner Duo is a Eyeshadow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The weightless and creamy shimmers instantly illuminate the eyes, lips, and face. Gives skin a healthy and natural glow. Mix and match colors to create your unique look.
e.l.f. Shimmer Cream is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Bismuth Oxychloride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Paraffinum Liquidum (mineral oil), Dimethicone, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Rosa Canina (Rose Hip) Fruit Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Prunus Armeniaca (Apricot) Kernel Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491 , CI 77492 , CI 77499), Ultramarine Violet (CI 77077), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Yellow No.5 Lake (CI 19140), Red No.40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue No.1 Lake (CI 42090).
C10-18 Triglycerides, Petrolatum, Synthetic Beeswax, Ceresin, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Hydrogenated Microcrystalline Wax, Diethylhexylcyclohexane, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Isopropyl Myristate, Butylparaben, BHT. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742)
e.l.f. Eyebrow Lifter is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water (Aqua), Styrene/Acrylates/Ammonium Methacrylate Copolymer, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Synthetic Beeswax, Cetearyl Alcohol, Ozokerite, Stearic Acid, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Triethanolamine, PVP, Triacontanyl PVP, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Benzyl Alcohol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone May Contain: DC Black #2 (CI 77266), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
e.l.f. Waterproof Mascara is a Mascara.
e.l.f. Regular Mascara is a Mascara.
Talc, Mica, Zinc Stearate, Kaolin, Paraffinium Liquidu(Mineral Oil), Petrolatum, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, MethylParaben, Propylparaben. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491 , CI 77492 , CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Yellow No.5 Lake (CI 19140), Red No.40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarine Violet (CI 77077), Blue No.1 Lake (CI 42090)
e.l.f. Brightening Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Create brows that are fuller, thicker, and more defined! The pigmented wax defines and shapes brows and the color complementing setting powder keeps them looking arched and perfected. The doubled sided taklon brush has one side to help arch your brows while the other side aids in filling them in. This duo provides lasting color definition for a naturally beautiful look.
e.l.f. Eyebrow Gel is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Eyebrow Powder is a Brow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water (Aqua), PVP, Cellulose, Triethanolamine, Carbomer, PVM/MA Decadiene Crosspolymer, Panthenol, Retinyl Palmitate (Va), Ascorbic Acid (Vc), Benzyl Alcohol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), DC Black #2 (CI 77266), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035)
e.l.f. Eyebrow Treat is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Eyebrow Tame is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Bismuth Oxychloride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Dimethicone, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Rosa Canina (Dog Rose) Fruit Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Prunus Armeniaca (Apricot) Kernel Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Tin Oxide, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891),Iron Oxides (CI 77491 CI 77492 CI 77499), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090)
Talc, Mica, Paraffinium Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Petrolatum, Zinc Stearate, Kaolin, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. May Contain: Iron Oxides (C1 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Maganese Violet (CI 77742), Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Yellow No. 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red No. 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarine Violet (CI 77077), Blue No. 1 Lake (CI 42090).
e.l.f. Endless Eyes Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 96 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Bismuth Oxychloride, PTFE, Magnesium Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Polyisobutene, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Dimethicone, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Phenoxyethanol May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 77007), DC Black #2 (CI 77266), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510)
Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Synthetic Beeswax, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ceresin, Paraffin, Polyethylene, Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Tin Oxide, Propylparaben. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides(CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 77007), DC Black #2 (CI 77266)
e.l.f. Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Eyeshadow Stick is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Octyldodecanol, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Paraffin, Pentaerythrityl Tetrabehenate, Synthetic Wax, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Sorbitan Olivate May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
e.l.f. Eye Primer is a Primer.
e.l.f. Liner Sealer is a Eyeliner.
Water (Aqua), PVM/MA Decadiene Crosspolymer, PVP, Propylene Glycol, Triethanolamine, Benzyl Alcohol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone
e.l.f. Clear Brow Mascara is a Brow.
e.l.f. Clear Lash Mascara is a Mascara.
Ozokerite, Polyethylene, C10-18 Triglycerides, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Talc, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tocopheryl Acetate(Ve), Caprylyl Glycol 
e.l.f. Lip & Cheek Duo is a Lipstick. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Petrolatum, Ceresin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Polybutene, Synthetic Beeswax, Paraffin, Polyethylene, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Fragrance(Parfum), Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Phenoxyethanol, Neotame, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve), Retinyl Palmitate (Va), Ascorbyl Palmitate (Vc) May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891),Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850),Red 27 Lake (CI 45410)
e.l.f. Day to Night Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Ozokerite, Polyisobutene, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Ceresin, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Tricontanyl PVP May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). 
e.l.f. Lip Primer is a Primer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Lip Plumper is a Lip Plumper. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Synthetic Beeswax, Microcrystalline Wax, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Paraffinium Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Isopropyl Myristate, Petrolatum, Mica, BHT, Benzyl Alcohol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone, Iron Oxides (CI 77491 CI 77492 CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)
e.l.f. Lip Definer is a Lip Liner. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Lip Shaper is a Lip Liner. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Lip Stain is a Lip Stain. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This cream blush palette easily creates buildable color for a flushed glow. Creamy in texture, it's easy to blend and the pigmented colors are buildable for the perfect color.
e.l.f. Cream Blush is a Blush. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Polybutene, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Silica, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Dimethicone, Menthyl Lactate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve), Ethylhexylglycerin, Water (Aqua) May Contain: Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides ( CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850)
e.l.f. Aqua Beauty Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Aqua Beauty Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Triacontanyl PVP, Sodium Dehydroacetate May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarines (CI 77007)
Mica, Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Nylon-12, PTFE, Zince Stearate, Dimethicone, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve). MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron OXides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410).
e.l.f. Powder Blush is a Blush. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Octyldodecanol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Mica, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Synthetic Wax, Pentaerythrityl Tetrabehenate, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Sorbitan Olivate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Polyethylene, Tricontanyl PVP May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035)
e.l.f. Cream Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, PTFE, Boron nitrate, Kaolin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850).
e.l.f. Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Nylon-12, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone, Tin Oxide, Methylparaben, Tocopheryl Acetate(Ve), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Rosa Canina (Dog Rose) Fruit Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil May contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140)
Mica, Talc, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Bismuth oxychloride, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Boron Nitride, Mineral Oil (Paraffinum Liquidum), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Polyacrylamide, C13-14 Isoparaffin,Laureth-7, Xanthan Gum, Apricot Kernel Oil, Retinyl Palmitate (Va), Ascorbyl Palmitate (Vc), Sodium Riboflavin Phosphate (Vb2), Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve), Panthenol (Vb5), Caprylyl Glycol. May Contain: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499) Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289)
e.l.f. Mineral Pearl Powder is a Powder. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Nylon-12, Silica, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Triacontanyl PVP, Sodium Dehydroacetate May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 lake (CI 15850), Ultramarines (CI 77007)
Mica, Talc, Ethyhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Nylon-12, PTFE, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve). MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, Manganese Violet (CI 77742).
e.l.f. Matte Brightening Powder is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Highlighting Powder is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Synthetic Wax, Octyldodecanol, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Pentaerythrityl Tetrabehenate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Sorbitan Olivate, Propylparaben May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Manganese Violet (CI 77742)
Mica, Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Nylon-12, PTFE, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve). MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).
e.l.f. Sculpting Stick is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Highlighting Stick is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Nylon-12, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone, Tin Oxide, Methylparaben, Tocopheryl Acetate(Ve), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Rosa Canina (Dog Rose) Fruit Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil May contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140)
Octyldodecanol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Mica, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Synthetic Wax, Pentaerythrityl Tetrabehenate, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Sorbitan Olivate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Polyethylene, Tricontanyl PVP. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
e.l.f. Brightener is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Boron Nitride, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Tocopheryl Acetate (Ve), Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742)
e.l.f. Illuminator is a Highlighter. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Magnesium Myristate, Zinc Stearate, Titanium Dioxide, Octyldodecanol, Dimethicone, Silica, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Boron Nitride MAY CONTAIN: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Red No.40 Lake (CI 16035)
e.l.f. Essential Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 128 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Essential Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Essential Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Essential Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Kaolin, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Polybutane, Propylparaben, Methylparaben, Magnesium Stearate Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Palmitate. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499) Red 7 Lake (CI 15850)
e.l.f. Makeup Artist Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 40 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Artist Blush is a Blush. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Artist Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water (Aqua), Styrene/Acrylates/Ammonium Methacrylate Copolymer, Kaolin, C10-13 Isoparaffin, Polyethylene, PEG-30 Dipolyhydroxysterate, Cyclopentasiolxane, Panthenol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Hyaluronic Acid MAY CONTAIN: Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)
e.l.f. Mini On The Go Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Mini On The Go Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Mini On The Go Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Mini On The Go Mascara is a Mascara. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Kaolin, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Polybutane, Propylparaben, Methylparaben, Magnesium Stearate Dimethicone, Ethylhexyl Palmitate. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499) Red 7 Lake (CI 15850)
e.l.f. Everyday Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 64 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Everyday Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 32 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Everyday Blush is a Blush. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Everyday Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get the ultimate makeup collection, at an unbeatable value! This incredible 178 piece collection featuring cosmetics and tools for eyes, lips, and face fits an entire professional-grade makeup kit into one sleek palette. Create an endless assortment of looks with ease. This one-of-a-kind set is a must have for any aspiring makeup artist. Makes a great gift!
e.l.f. Ultimate Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 96 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Ultimate Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 64 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Ultimate Blush is a Blush. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Isooctyl Palmitate, Paraffinium Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Petrolatum, Ceresine Wax, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla Wax), Mica, Synthetic Beeswax, Bid-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, BHT May Contain: Iron Oxides (C1 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Maganese Violet (CI 77742), Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Yellow No. 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red No. 40 Lake (CI 16035), Ultramarine Violet (CI 77077), Blue No. 1 Lake (CI 42090)
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 32 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Lip Color is a Lipgloss. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Blush is a Blush. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Eyebrow Powder is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Eyebrow Cream is a Brow. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
e.l.f. Makeup Clutch Face Shimmer is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Eyeshadow Palette x15 is a Eye Palette. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Achieve effortlessly full brows with the L'Oréal Makeup Designer Paris Brow Stylist Plumper Brow Gel Mascara. Brow Stylist Plumper has a unique Mini Brush applicator that allows precise, no mess application to shape and plump brows. This fiber-infallible used brow gel mascara allows you to fill in and set for tinted, thicker brows that last all day.
L'Oréal's Brow Stylist Definer makes the art of the brow made easy! Shape brows with this ultra-fine 0.5mm pencil tip - a perfect tool to recreate tiny brow hair and allowing you to precisely draw and shape your brows for a well-defined look.

Achieve naturally defined brows with L'Oréal Makeup Designer Paris Brow Stylist Designer Eyebrow Pencil. Brow Stylist Designer is a 2-step brow tool that has a precise tip crayon on one end and a soft brush tip on the other, giving you a soft, natural brow look.
L'Oréal Brow Stylist Sculptor helps you achieve great brows in seconds. It allows you to draw, shape and set your perfectly defined brows!
This Benefit Cosmetics Hydrating Tinted Lip Balm sweeps on juicy flavor and nourishes lips with its conditioning formula. Great for wearing alone or layering with your favorite lipstick, this must-have, buildable balm creates luscious, kissable lips in just one simple glide.
A highly pigmented and multi-tasking pressed powder with long-lasting wear; the silky formula glides on smoothly providing a flawless, longlasting flush of colour.
It’s soft, creamy texture makes it ideal for precision, shading and definition of the eyes, lips and brow. Colour bright pencils to provide great wear with an intense colour. Can be used to line the eyes and lips; fill in sparse brow; and perfect as a lip colour and eye shadow.
Lila'lli false lashes are made with light fibres; which blends perfectly with natural lashes creating a natural lightweight feel.
Featuring our unique INKJET™ colour release & Gloss–Fix™ finish to give a rich and intense colour. The foolproof marker tip creates two looks - Fine point for a natural look or thick edge adds a dramatic flash! Uses long lasting, long wear pigments plus a high percentage of carbon black for intense colour release.
The Honey Bronze Bronzing Powder is a silky, luxurious bronzing face powder for a sun-kissed glow. With a matte finish, this bronzer is perfect for those that want a soft glow on-the-go. The embossed honeycomb design creates easier pick up of powder on your makeup brush for easy application.
Use these smooth pencils to outline or as an all-over lip color.
Match to your favorite Mirabella Lip Colour.
Introducing six creamy, full-coverage shades of matte lip color in a modern crayon for truly beautiful lip color. Lightweight moisture for a comfortable, everyday wear formula infused with Shea Butter, Kendi Oil, and Jojoba Oil. It's color that truly cares for your lips!
Read more at http://www.burtsbees.com/Lip-Crayon/VM-792850028500,default,pd.html#LphlWwsS1YGvMekq.99
This multi-tasking product offers a highly pigmented semi-matte creamy lipstick that glides on effortlessly; giving a rich, full coverage with incredible staying power and a matching colour-rich gloss with the colour coverage of a lipstick in one. Taking you from day to night; lip collision is moisturising, conditioning and convenient. Wear separately or together for a bold, intense look.
Lila'lli Lipgloss is a Lipgloss. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lila'lli Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Me & My Shadow is an intense waterproof eyeshadow and eyeliner in one, with a built-in blending brush for smoky eyes and a formula that glides on and stays put for hours of crease-free wear.
Eyeko Waterproof Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eyeko Waterproof Eyeliner is a Eyeliner. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Coat your lips with this lip tint for a lightweight texture that instantly melts onto lips. It is infused with a blend of four essential oils for deep hydration: apricot kernel oil, coriander fruit oil, jojoba seed oil, and possiflora edulis seed oil. Its exclusive applicator envelops the lips in full color and allows for a precise and uniform application. Lightweight and non-sticky, this lip tint offers a new and luminous shine while the tint effect enhances the natural beauty of the lips—making it the perfect combination for youthful looking lips. 
This long-wearing, stay-true formula glides on easily with a lightweight, creamy texture for rich color impact that lasts. Plus, it won’t feather or bleed.
Mica, Cyclopentasiloxane, Isododecane, Titanium Dioxide, Zinc Stearate. May contain: Iron Oxides, Manganese Violet,Tin Oxide, Ultramarines, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate,Silica, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Magnesium Myristate, Blue #1, Red #40, Yellow #5, Ferric Ferrocyanide, Chromium Oxide, Ozokerite.
Fyrinnae Arcane Magic Pressed Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $9.25 and contains 0.07 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Caprylic/Capric/Stearic Glycerides, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Wax, Ceresin Wax, Astrocaryum,Isopropyl Myristate, Olea Europaea (Olive) Oil, Tocopherol, Fragrance. May contain: Titanium Dioxide, Red #7, Red #40, Red#6, Red #21, Red #27, Mica, Tin Oxide, Iron Oxides, Synthetic Flurophogopite, Blue #1, Yellow #6, Manganese Violet, Yellow #5, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Kaolin. 
Our liquid lipsticks have a matte finish, and some are matte-metallic. They dry down in less than a minute (let product set for 20-30 seconds after application) and may last for hours. Doe-foot applicator tube contains 5ml (.17 fl oz) of product. The consistency varies by shade, but most are thin, yet only requiring 1-2 coats for coverage. Shake before using. They will most likely need oil or an oil-based makeup remover to remove, and some are likely to stain. No fragrance/flavor is added, but slight scent may vary with different colorants. 
Fyrinnae Powder Highlighter is a Highlighter that retails for $9.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fyrinnae Finishing Powder is a Powder that retails for $7.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Contains NO silicones! With over 30% micro-silica spheres, this thin gel primer creates a smooth finish, slightly blurring fine lines and pores. It not only can help stop excess oil, but allows any type of foundation to be applied more evenly (may not work as well with foundations containing silicone/dimethicone). The aloe-based gel prevents this product from being overly drying, since silica alone can pull moisture out of your skin. Tested on dry/sensitive and acne-prone skin with no adverse effects. 
Think outside the lines when you define eyes like a pro with tarte’s clay paint liner. Inspired by the ease of an artist’s palette, this one-of-a-kind, squeezable cream liner offers a seamless, no-budge application—simply squeeze, line, and define. The unique formula features fewer waxes, cushioned pigments, and a special development process that allows for the creamiest texture and smoothest application. The tube was created with an innovative artistic delivery system, a tapered tip, and a flat blending stage so you can simply pick up the ideal amount of product and blend for foolproof perfection. The sketcher-angled bamboo liner brush easily glides the plush, triple-black, formula along the contours of the eyelid. Featuring the same waterproof, 12-hour wear as tarte’s signature clay pot liners, this next-generation liner has cushion slide technology that lets you custom create your own signature lines without ever pulling or transferring. 
The Circle 1, has a tilt from the handle and a round fibre bundle which ends in a flattened surface that simulates the shape of a lipstick bullet tip. This patented brush applies lip products across the lip quickly and softly, and can also be used for a more precise edge if desired. The Circle 1 will apply small areas of concealer to help cover spots. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Circle 1R, has a tilt from the handle and a round fibre bundle which ends in a curved dome of tips that provides soft yet focused application and blending. This patented brush applies products into the fold/crease of the eyelid quickly and softly to help sculpt, and can also be used for other targeted small areas like the corners of the eye or beside the nostrils. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Linear 1, has a very narrow [about 1-2 mm] row of fibres to help concentrate product application in a line, such as along the lash line. This patented brush can apply a precise line of product along the upper lash line or tucked under the lower lash line. It can also be used to fill in and define the brows and can simulate brow hair lines; or can be used to apply a defined line along the lip or any other part of the face. The Linear 1 brush is very helpful for special effects makeup to create crisp lines and linear shapes. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products
The Linear 3, has a medium width [about 3 mm] row of fibres to help concentrate product application in a line, such as along the upper lash line or below the lower lashes. This patented brush applies a perfect precise line of product along the upper lash line or tucked under the lower lash line. It can also be used for special effects makeup to create medium size lines and linear shapes. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Linear 6, helps produce a wider line [about 5-6 mm] of product application. This patented brush can apply a continuous soft edge line of product along the upper or lower lash line. It is also useful for creating wider line patterns for special effects or patterned makeup. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Oval 3 assists the user in shading and blending the products applied to the outside and inside corners of the eye lid and smaller areas of the eyelid. This patented brush is also useful for applying foundation or concealer to the inside corner area of the eye or on the side of nose by the nostrils. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Oval 4, has an overall “footprint” of fibres sized to facilitate application to a particular portion of the eyelid, like the area from the upper lash line to the fold in the eyelid. This patented brush is great for applying concealer to the area under or around the eye. Or, to place a highlight on the brow bone. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Oval 6, is great for applying product to the entire eye lid; or foundation to the face, or contouring the cheekbone area. This patented brush applies blush beautifully to the apple of the cheek and blends it so that the application looks natural and healthy. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Oval 7 is what some describe as the perfect size face brush. This patented brush is brilliant to apply foundation, blush, highlighting, bronzing, skincare, and setting powders. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products. This brush measures 18 cm long, and the fibre bundle is 3 cm X 5 cm.
The Oval 8 is slightly smaller than the Oval 10 and has 100’s of thousands of fibres in an oval shape to provide applications to a large area of the face. This patented brush is perfect to apply a foundation, or setting powder to the entire face; or apply and blend bronzing or highlighting powders to large areas of the face and body. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
The Oval 10, has a generously sized, rounded oval of fibres to provide coverage to a larger area of the face and body. This patented brush is superior for applying a setting powder to the entire face; or blending highlighting powders to the face or body. This brush can be used to apply powder foundation to the entire face in seconds. Or it can apply a shimmer effects product to other large areas of the body such as the shoulders or chest area. The Oval 10 has over 250,000 fibres. Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products.
Super power natural lipstick with wearable satin finish in a fully recyclable tube! Shade your lips with incredible lasting color.
A full color, 100% vegan, hydrating natural lipstick that lasts with intensity, like the deepest love. Creamy hydration, highly pigmented, and chocked full of anti-aging benefits that nourish and love your lips.
Long lasting natural formula provides hours of wear and contains beneficial ingredients great for sensitive eye area.
Our Smolder Gel Eye Liner stands above the rest. It's not waxy or tacky but has a creamy finish that can be smudged or left sharp.
Supernatural shine, super smooth and non-sticky with nourishing hydration and long lasting natural color. Our Enlightened Natural Lip Gloss is infused with coconut and antioxidants to help support superior lip health.
Get instant 100% natural color and deep hydration with our coconut infused lip butter. Supernatural ingredients, excellent antioxidant properties and long lasting wear will make you fall in love with this incredible formula. 
Our NEW Naked Quench Lip Balm packs tint-free major lip moisture, and nourishing naturals into one perfectly portable, 100% recyclable tube. Essential fatty acids from rich and amazing avocado and coconut oils leave lips luscious and healthy.
All Natural Color Quench lip tints packs major lip moisture, nourishing naturals and gorgeous, sheer lip color into one perfectly portable, 100% recyclable tube. Essential fatty acids from rich and amazing avocado and coconut oils leave lips luscious and healthy.
Our new 7 Free Nail Polish is long lasting and void of many chemicals that one would find in traditional nail polish. Amazing vibrant colors that go on smooth and stay put. Plus we have added a custom wide 100% vegan brush for easier application.
Pacifica 7 Free Top & Base Coat is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $9.00 and contains 0.45 oz.
Pacifica 7 Free Top Coat (Matte) is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $9.00 and contains 0.45 oz.
Trish’s intensely pigmented, longest-wearing gel eye liner in pencil form glides on effortlessly inside or outside the lash line for high-powered definition. The built-in sponge perfectly softens liner while the complimentary sharpener ensures the ideal shape for the best application.
Innovative natural eye shadow that applies like a cream and sets to a powder, allowing for a smooth, velvety application that blends easy and provides a long-lasting, creaseless, flawless finish. Anti-aging ingredients including jojoba and argan oils.
Innovative natural eye shadow that applies like a cream and sets to a powder, allowing for a smooth, velvety application that blends easy and provides a long-lasting, creaseless, flawless finish. Anti-aging ingredients including jojoba and argan oils.
Pacifica Eye Brightening Shadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $14.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
An incredibly innovative formula that pushes natural makeup and mineral color to new bounds. Rich, lasting, creaseless eye shadows are infused with coconut water for a velvety, cream-like finish. 
Pacifica Supernatural Eye Shadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $14.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Four beautiful shades in highly pigmented natural mineral eye shadows infused with coconut for a velvety-rich, nearly cream-like creaseless finish. Our innovative formula pushes mineral makeup to new bounds.
All you need to look naturally gorgeous! The Solar Complete Mineral Palette is a full set of eye shadows, blush, bronzer and our beloved coconut highlighters all in one beautiful, recyclable palette. 
Pacifica Complete Color Mineral Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pacifica Complete Color Mineral Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pacifica Complete Color Mineral Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pacifica Complete Color Mineral Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Zinc Stearate, Magnesium Carbonate, Glyceryl Caprylate, Sodium Dehydroacetate. May Contain +/-: Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491/77492/77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Ultramarines (CI 77007)
Honest Beauty Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Like a refreshing sip of coconut water for your lips, this hydrating, double-ended lip stain and gloss can be worn alone or together for a look that's uniquely you.
Josie Maran Coconut Watercolor Lip Stain is a Lip Stain. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Josie Maran Coconut Watercolor Lip Shine is a Lipgloss. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dive into the newest wave of lip color with these long-lasting color and shine Glossy Stains. Each is now boosted by a 10-hour hydration effect for a refreshing splash of moisture along with the vibrant burst of sheer color. The formula glides onto the lips thanks to its high-performance applicator with an extra flat shape and fine tip for perfect dosage and application. This life-proof gloss is available just in time for summer.
Intense, multidimensional color collides with the glistening effect of gloss for out-of-this world lips like you’ve never seen before. Creamy smooth with a dazzling metallic finish, our new Cosmic Metals Lip Cream covers your lips in lustrous color that feels and looks like a gloss.
Buh-bye creamy lip colors! See ya shimmery shades! A velvety, matte lip is an absolute must and we’ve got just the goodie to help you get it done right: Suede Matte Lip Liner. Available in 36 richly pigmented hues, these pencils were created with colors from a few NYX fan faves in mind--our Liquid Suede Cream Lipstick, Matte Lipstick and Soft Matte Lip Cream to be exact. Every shade goes on super smooth and provides the perfect base for our much-loved matte lippies.
Bring the party to your pout with our new Lip of the Day Liquid Lip Liner! Available in ten gorgeously vivid shades, these versatile lip liners are absolute must-haves for anyone looking to take their lip artistry skills to the next level.
Mica, Talc, Paraffinum liquidum, Magnesium Stearate, Ethylhexyl palmitate, Dimethicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben May Contain (+/-);Tin oxide, Titanium dioxide (CI 77891), Red Iron Oxide (CI 77491), Yellow Iron Oxide (CI 77492), Black Iron Oxide (CI 77499), D&C Red NO.40 Lake (CI 16035), MANGANESE VIOLET (CI 77742)
For an all year round bronzed look, use the buildable Vivid Baked Highlighter by Makeup Revolution. Provides a natural looking color which lasts all day. Revolution tip: Try using a wet brush for a more dramatic look.
For an all year round bronzed look, use the buildable Vivid Baked Bronzer by Makeup Revolution. Provides a natural looking color which lasts all day. Revolution tip: Try using a wet brush for a more dramatic bronze look.
All eyeshadows are longwearing, highly pigmented and easy to blend. Unwrap it and create an array of beautifully sweet eye looks.
Smashbox Studio Skin 24 Hour Waterproof Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $25.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
WATERAQUAEAU , CYCLOPENTASILOXANE , TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE , TITANIUM DIOXIDE , BUTYLENE GLYCOL , TRIMETHYL PENTAPHENYL TRISILOXANE , SILICA , PHENYL TRIMETHICONE , MAGNESIUM SULFATE , POLYGLYCERYL-3 DIISOSTEARATE , TRIBEHENIN , PEG-10 DIMETHICONE , BIS-PEG/PPG-14/14 DIMETHICONE , TOCOPHERYL ACETATE , SODIUM HYALURONATE , GLYCERIN , ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN , POLYGLYCERYL-4 ISOSTEARATE , CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE , METHICONE , TETRAMETHYL HEXAPHENYL TETRASILOXANE , PHENYL METHICONE , DIMETHICONE , LAURETH-7 , POLYMETHYLSILSESQUIOXANE , HEXYL LAURATE , DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE , CELLULOSE GUM , PROPYLENE CARBONATE , ALUMINA , XANTHAN GUM , DIMETHICONE SILYLATE , SORBIC ACID , PHENOXYETHANOL , CHLORPHENESIN , [+/- IRON OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499) , TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891)
Water, Isononyl Isononanoate, Butylene Glycol, Coconut Alkanes, Glycerin, Dimethicone, PEG-30 Dipolyhydroxystearate, Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Isododecane, Maltooligosyl Glucoside, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Glycereth-26, Glyceryl Dilaurate, Squalane, lonicera Caprifolium (Honeysuckle) Flower Extract, lonicera Japonica (Honeysuckle) Flower Extract, Citrus Nobilis (Mandarin Orange) Peel Oil, Olea Europaea Fruit Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Jojoba Esters, Lecithin, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Dimethylacrylamide/Acrylic Acid/Polystyrene Ethyl Methacrylate Copolymer, Coco-caprylate/Caprate, Polysilicone-11, Isohexadecane, Triethoxycaprylysilane, Decyl Glucoside, Stearic Acid, Polysorbate 20, Polysorbate 80, Myristyl Myristate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Alumina, Xanthan Gum, Citric acid, Fragrance. May Contain: Iron oxides, Titanium Dioxide.
Estee Lauder Double Wear Nude Cushion Stick Radiant Makeup is a Foundation that retails for $39.50 and contains 0.47 oz. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Phenyl Trimethicone, C12-15 Alkyl Ethylhexanoate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Candelilla Cera, Ceresin, Polyethylene, Pentylene Glycol, Microcrystalline Wax/Cera Microcristallina, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Vp/Hexadecene Copolymer, 1,2-Hexanediol, Aluminum Hydroxide, Bht, Caprylyl Glycol, Dimethicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Illicium Verum Fruit Extract, Isostearyl Alcohol, Lauryl Laurate, Lauryl Peg/Ppg-18/18 Methicone, Macadamia Seed Oil Polyglyceryl-6 Esters Behenate, Methicone, Mica, Phenoxyethanol, Propanediol, Silica, Talc, Triethoxycaprylylsilane. May Contain (+/-): Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891).
Ingredient list may vary depending on shade. Please contact Sephora Customer Service if you have a shade-specific question. 
Mica, Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Mineral Oil, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Polybutene, Dimethicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 40 (CI 16035), Carmine (CI 75470).
Talc, Silica, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Diphenyl Dimethicone/Vinyl Diphenyl Dimethicone/Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Triethoxysilylethyl Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Hexyl Dimethicone, Lauroyl Lysine, Magnesium Stearate, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate, Tocopherol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Methicone, Sorbitan Sesquiisostearate, Distearyldimonium Chloride, Pyridoxine Cyclic Phosphate, Chlorphenesin. May Contain: Mica, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891).
Kat Von D Lock-It Concealer Crème is a Concealer that retails for $26.00 and contains 0.22 oz. There are 22 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Mineral Oil, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Polybutene, Dimethicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Red 40 Lake (CI 16035), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
Hard Candy Sheer Envy Primer is a Primer that retails for $8.00 and contains 1.60 oz.
so natural in love! nude is light, soft and available in different eyeshadow nuances ranging from subtle beige to rosé to soft brown. the baked texture of the eyeshadow range offers a silky to matt finish and an individual, natural look. the packaging matches the shape of the texture and shows the nude tones at their best.
This sheer and luminous powder mattifies, provides color-correction, and sets makeup to last longer. The pigments are lightweight, refreshing, and soften the complexion to perfection, while the veil of powder delivers a breath of radiance and luminosity. The secret to the formulation is in its pigments, which are treated with atomization technology making them extremely fine to glide on evenly for an ultra-natural, peachy-soft skin effect. The featherweight powder also boasts an exquisite fragrance trail featuring lilac and white musk. Each case includes a white microfiber powder puff for optimal gentleness on the skin—the epitome of refinement. 
Urban Decay Summer 2011 Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $37.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Urban Decay Lip Junkie Lip Gloss is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Shimmer Brick Eye Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $48.50 and contains 0.14 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Shimmer Brick Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Enchanted Holiday 2010 Sets is a Eye Palette that retails for $32.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our timeless blusher has been around for almost 150 years and have made Bourjois famous worldwide thanks to its amazing texture and packaging.
The baked texture transforms when applied to the skin into an ultra-fine pressed powder, which is easy to apply and blends impeccably. One stroke of the brush reveals the irresistible aroma of the rose scented powder.
Its built-in mirror and brush is perfect for touch-ups on the go!
The Little round pot blush exists in 12 shades to match all skin tones.
Smashbox Halo Long Wear Blush is a Blush that retails for $24.00. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Love Me Eyeshadow Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $34.00 and contains 0.17 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Smashbox Love Me Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX’s Hot Singles are intense! Powerfully loaded with pigments this versatile formula lets you make a statement for any occasion. Whether your looks is edgy or natural NYX’s unique formulation is easy to blend and build on. 88 amazing shades inspired by the latest fashion runway trends.
Almay's Intense i-Color Everday Sets add a pop of color to your everyday neutrals. Amp up your eyes with the new nude look with these all day wear powder shadows that are great for your lid and crease. This wonderful palette also is great for highlighting your eyes. Made for sensitive eyes. Hypoallergenic. Ophthalmologist tested.
Almay Intense i-Color Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Expert Wear Blushed Nudes Palette by Maybelline offer great colors that are perfect for everyone. These shades have great pigment and will help you achieve the perfect day or evening look.
Maybelline The Nudes Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 36 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
An eye shadow palette featuring a curated collection of 12 shades inspired by cult-favorite Caviar Stick Eye Colour. 
There are two universal truths about black liquid liner: It can never be too black or too perfect. Nail the look every time with Perversion Waterproof Fine-Point Eye Pen. This super-smooth, free-flowing pen lays down blacker-than-black lines with absolute precision. Our waterproof formula glides on without skipping or pulling, and the ultra fine tip provides an insane amount of control for a flawless application. Create thin, fine lines and bold, thick lines like a total pro—even if you’re not! This pen is so good, even those who normally shy away from liquid liner will have their technique perfected in no time. Like all of our Perversion products, the color payoff is amazing (and intensely black!). And once you’ve applied it, the ink dries down quickly; won’t smudge, run or feather; and lasts ALL day.
Naked Skin Color Correcting Fluid is the next generation of skin perfection and radiance. Use these shades to correct imperfections and play up your best features, all without having to lug around a whole contour kit. Unlike a lot of cream-based color correctors, our liquid formula is easy to use and always blends beautifully—whether you use a little or a lot. Special pigment technology provides a smooth, even application every time. (And we based our formula off of Naked Skin Concealer, so you know it’s weightless and crazy good.)
Liquid Liner was one of our original color products, and we’re always reinventing and improving it. Since we can never get enough color, we also wanted to expand our range with more dimensional shades and multiple finishes. The name comes from one of our photographers, who used to look in the lens and whisper, “Ooh, that’s razor sharp.” We thought the delivery was funny, but it also sounded like a good name for liquid liner. The precision brush really lives up to the moniker—it’s practically impossible to mess up. Still perfecting your technique? After giving the bottle a good shake, lean your elbow on a stable surface to keep your hand steady while you apply. Then, just draw down into your lashes so the upper part of the line is sharp and even.
Get bigger, blacker, badder lashes with our ultra-creamy, lengthening and volumizing mascara. So intense you might need a safe word, Perversion glides on and gets you sexy in one stroke. (Yet it won’t quit until you say when.) It’s insane how black it is…the purest, deepest, most intense black color imaginable.
Perversion has a creamy, full-bodied texture that’s not too dry, not too wet. This allows just the right amount of “pull” so it glides through lashes. The result: incredible control for insane lashes. Go ahead and pile on coat after coat. Want to apply more before you go out at night? No problem. Even if it’s been all day since you applied, more Perversion always means more beautiful lashes. Our formula NEVER gets brittle or clumpy.
Perversion Mascara contains Hairdensyl, a complex blend of proteins and amino acids—including marine glycogen, known to stimulate lash growth. Honey extract provides deep nourishment, sea idrolized elastine stimulates the hair follicle, and marine collagen protects.
The twisted trim on the high-tech, volumizing brush latches on to each lash to separate and define; finally, a volumizing mascara with a clean, clump-free finish. It pulls through lashes smoothly and lays down a generous amount of product. No need to wiggle the wand or maneuver it at all different angles!
If you need to apply in public, you’ll look good holding Perversion. We emblazoned our gorgeous, highly metallized black tube with a big purple “Perversion” and our tagline: “Bigger. Blacker. Badder.”

When we released Moondust Eyeshadow, makeup junkies everywhere went wild. A never-before-seen innovation in shadow, Moondust contains microfine bits of iridescent sparkle for a dazzling effect like no other. Now we’ve got something that will send your glitter addiction into overdrive. Urban Decay introduces our first-ever Moondust Eyeshadow Palette—loaded with eight ALL-NEW shades. Thought you couldn’t be any more obsessed with our most intensely sparkly shadow? Wait until you see what’s inside this highly anticipated palette—it’s like a glimmering lunar rainbow! From Element (a beautiful peach with a cool shifty effect) and Lightyear (a vivid, saturated green) to Galaxy (the perfect smoky blue-gray), we pushed the envelope to create some of our most vibrant, unique Moondust shades yet.
Cyclopentasiloxane, Water, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Dimethicone, Isododecane, Butylene Glycol, Acrylates/Dimethicone Copolymer, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Magnesium Sulfate, Lauryl Polyglyceryl-3 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Triethoxysilylethyl Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer-3, Propylene Carbonate, Tocopherol. [+/- (All Shades May Contain): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/77492/77499 (Iron Oxides)].
This thick, angled, flat-headed brush is best used for accurate buffering or blending. Effortlessly finish your eye makeup application with this essential tool. Bristles are made of natural fibers.
Put your best face forward with this ultra-light lotion designed to effectively hydrate and protect even the most sensitive skin. This non-greasy, oil-free broad spectrum SPF15 formula protects against damaging sun rays, controls oil production, minimizes shine and moisturizes skin without clogging pores. Skin-brightening ingredients help even tone and enhance skin’s natural radiance. Oil-free, fragrance-free hydrating formula. Suitable for all skin types, including sensitive and acne proned complexions.
Imagine lashes so long and full, they appear to have stretched wider and longer before your eyes! Now, you can infuse your lashes with superhero powers in just one coat using Superhero Mascara. Proprietary Elastic Stretch Technology wraps each individual lash in a volume-boosting, lengthening and ultra-conditioning black cape of power and color that's clinically shown to give you your strongest, longest, thickest and most defined lashes! Formulated with powerful peptides and proteins, strengthening biotin, lash-lifting polymers and plumping collagen, this anti-aging mascara will take your lashes to new heights. The innovative formula and Lash-Changing Power Brush work together to coat every lash from base to tips, lifting and separating to create a fuller lash line - no lash is left behind! This super-black mascara is also super-buildable, so lash power is at your fingertips; simply apply more coats to add volume and length.
The original phenomenon! Developed with plastic surgeons, this #1 best-selling, award-winning pencil is infused with brow-enhancing biotin, lecithin, saw palmetto, nettle, green tea, antioxidants, grape seed, and vitamins A, B5, C and E, plus proprietary Brow Powerª Technology to give you your most beautiful, natural-looking browsÑeven if you have none at all! Brow Powerª features an exclusive oval tip that works on both thin and thick brows to mimic the look of real hair, plus a built-in grooming spooley brush for polished perfection. The revolutionary, budge-proof formula adheres to skin for long-lasting results, while the universal transforming shade adjusts to all hair colors based on pressure and completely covers gray. Apply softer strokes for lighter hair colors, and press harder for darker tones. It truly is your brows but better! 
Little known factÉSymmetry is what equates to beauty in the human eye. Did you know that your eyebrows are the only feature on your face that gives you your frame of symmetry so brows are your most powerful feature to be your most beautiful you! Developed with plastic surgeons, the foremost experts in facial symmetry, Brow Power Super Skinny™ revolutionary automatic ultra-fine waterproof pencil is the first-ever super skinny micro-tip actually designed and measured to perfectly mimic the exact width of real brow hair with each stroke giving you truly natural-looking brows. The custom 1.4mm tip, combined with the built-in brow grooming spoolie delivers the look of real hair to your brows with precise hair-by-hair like application that adheres to skin and looks like real hair in just seconds! Achieve long-wearing, budge-proof and sweat-proof results easily. Plus all 7 shades utilize IT Cosmetics Brow Power® universal transforming shade technology, allowing you to adjust your color based on pressure so you get a perfect match to your hair color in your color range every time. Press light for lighter hair in your shade range, and apply more pressure for darker tones. IT puts the power of perfect symmetry and your most beautiful you at your fingertips! You can even use to fill in your roots! Mimic the look of real hair around your hair line, along your part or anywhere on your scalp—IT’s your IT Hair™! 
Brow Power Waterproof Perfector is your brow fill-in powder, waterproof automatic brow pencil, brow taming gel, brow conditioning treatment and brow brush all in one! It's also clinically proven waterproof, even after 8 hours of wear. Brow Power Perfector is infused with cutting-edge brow enhancing ingredients and technology. The spooley end brush gives a natural polished look. Covers gray perfectly, and are paraben free. Full brow lift guide included with each pencil.
Developed with leading Plastic Surgeons, Brow Power¨ Lift utilized micronized pigments to create light on the face. This illuminator is perfect on all skin tones and types and does not use glitter or shimmer for illumination. Wherever you apply this pencil on your face, the micronized pigments instantly make that area look more lifted and youthful. When applied to the deepest part of a fine line or wrinkle, it instantly erases and blurs away how visible it is. It’s the perfect finishing step for the look of lift and illumination. Plus it’s packed with skin loving ingredients for younger-looking skin. Paraben-free, Fragrance-free, Phthalate-free and Sulfate-free.
Instant gratification for your lips. Create the perfect canvas for lipcolor with this texture and color enhancing superhero. Ensures that lip product lasts and does not go outside the lines. Somebody get this product a cape!
Cast a spell on your neutral lippies with a swipe of NYX Cosmetics wicked V'amped Up Lip Top Coat. Infused with shea butter and vitamin E, this glossy pencil moisturizes while transforming light lip colors to deep, vampy shades.
Demand perfection! For that fresh makeup look that lasts, the NYX Makeup Setting Spray - Matte is a gorgeous shine-free matte finish that is lightweight and comfortable while working hard to make sure your makeup stays put.
Prevail the sultry weather wearing NYX Dewy Finish Makeup Setting Spray. Long lasting formula grants a dewy finish. Spray away and manage your makeup to last all day and night.
Ulta's Ultra Slim Brow Pencil coats brows with the finest precision for beautiful and natural looking brows. Spoolie brush blends color for effortless and superior finish
A multi-purpose Brow Tint gel, by ULTA, fills in brows and conditions all at the same time. The perfect sized spoolie brush head fits perfectly between each brow hair without creating a mess. The gel dries quickly and to a natural finish. Fragrance Free. Glycerin and panthenol conditions the brow hairs to reduce stiffness, beeswax and other key ingredients add volume to the hairs (viscosity).
Ulta's Brow Pomade has a creamy formula that will define, color and sculpt your brows to perfection. Create a sharp, bold look that will last all day without smudging and say goodbye to sparse, uneven brows.
ULTA's Shade and Shaper Pencil is a dual-sided makeup pencil with rich color and clear wax to shape your brows. Cap includes a brow brush to help you style and finish your brows.
Geek Chic Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $5.99 and contains 0.04 oz. There are 91 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Butterlush Balms are super luscious balms jam packed with skin loving butters and oils for a seriously pampered pout! There are SIX seriously luxurious butters including: Cocoa Butter, Shea Butter, Mango Butter, Pumpkin Seed Butter, Murumuru Butter, and Cupuacu Butter. With skin loving oils like macadamia nut oil and avocado oil for a seriously butterluscious kiss! No dyes or colorants.
Geek Chic Joysticks is a Lipstick that retails for $6.99 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 17 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lip Zazz is our in-house formulated liquid to matte lipstick. Made in small batches to ensure consistency and high quality. Lip Zazz goes on opaque in one layer and contains both Jojoba Oil and Vitamin E to help protect your lip's moisture from the lippie's mattifying effects. And they taste good too! They will always have limited quantities. We recently upgraded to a heavier more hardcore acrylic tube. Doefoot applicator.
The perfect compliment to our foundations, blushes help return some of that natural color!

Introducing our all new line of luxury illuminators! These ethereal multi-taskers can be used to illuminate the face, decolletage, hair, and even used as eyeshadows! Shades shown stippled heavily over our Power Up Primer to show the shade, sparkle, and shift. These go on with a sheer wash of shift and shimmer when applied with a fluffy brush, and can be built up to the opacity seen here when used over a primer.
Introducing our all new line of luxury bronzers, Gilded! These super pigmented bronzers can be used to add a touch of sun or to contour your face, decolletage, neck, and even your legs! These unique bronzers can also be used as eye shadows too!
If you've never used a primer, it's ridiculous how much they make color stick and pop. We made our own from scratch and after a ton of testing and tweaking it's finally over 9000 and ready to perform some devastating finishing moves. 
Enrich your lovely features with a touch of NYX Cosmetics' Liquid Illuminator! A light application will give your skin that luminous and healthy goddess glow. Creates a sheer illuminating glow on face and body.
Color so intense, so vibrant, it's high-pigment, high-impact—art for your eyes. True Vision color with every stroke. In four high-visibility finishes: matte, satin, shimmer and metallic. High-performance wear adheres without creasing, blends easily. Long-wearing. Stays color-true. Won't fade. Sleek compact includes applicator and mirror.
Urban Decay Fall 2012 Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Water Blend Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $43.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Now saturated with 25 percent more pigment than the original Rouge Artist, Artist Rouge Lipstick brings bold color impact to lips that make a statement. This extremely pigmented formula not only provides intense, opaque color but boasts an ultra-creamy, non-drying formula that hydrates the lips for ultimate comfort. Its unique, precision shaped bullet allows for easy, defined application while the long wear formula will not bleed or feather. Artist Rouge is a bold collection that is professionally curated to include the most flattering shades across all color families—with a perfect match for each and every skintone. It features two finishes: a matte for an ultra-matte yet velvety finish that won't feel dry and a cream for intense color with a natural-looking, creamy finish. 
This is the perfect stick for your pout! Now you can liven up your lips with one stick for a kissable pout in no time. To keep you pucker-perfect, these balm stains glide on smoothly while conditioning your lips. Enriched with acai and palm oil, this amazing formula forms a protective shield on the lips to prevent feathering. - See more at: http://www.wetnwildbeauty.com/lips/lip-balm/megaslicks-balm-stain.html#sthash.jNqmzLdf.dpuf
NYX Butter Lipstick's unique texture seems to melt onto the lips, giving full, yet lightweight coverage with a luxurious satin finish.
NYX Butter Lipstick's unique texture seems to melt onto the lips, giving full, yet lightweight coverage with a luxurious satin finish.
The CoverGirl Super Sizer Mascara gives you 400% more volume for fuller lashes. Opthalmologically tested, suitable for those who wear contacts.
This metallic eyeliner by ULTA gives your eye that extra sparkle to emphasize your eyes.
Smooth, deep colors glide on effortlessly from the automatic tip of this eye liner. Color is long-lasting and waterproof, for dramatic, attention-getting eyes. No sharpening is required. Gluten-free.
Take the intimidation out of pigmentation and achieve crisp definition as you line your eyes like a pro with this easy-to-use, precision longwear liquid liner. 
Talc, Nylon-12, Boron Nitride, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Ethyl Macadamiate, Dimethicone, Magnesium Myristate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Phenoxyethanol, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Lauroyl Lysine, Caprylyl Glycol, Polybutene, Hexylene Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tocopherol, o-Cymen-5-ol, Methicone (in shade 749A), [+/- (MAY CONTAIN/PEUT CONTENIR): Mica, Iron Oxides/CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, Titanium Dioxide/CI 77891, Red 40 Lake/CI 16035, Yellow 5 Lake/CI 19140, Ultramarines/CI 77007]. - See more at: http://www.wetnwildbeauty.com/face/highlight-contour/mega-glo-contouring-palette.html#sthash.N5Eq9ePg.dpuf
Wet 'n' Wild MegaGlo Highlight Powder is a Highlighter. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Wet 'n' Wild MegaGlo Contour Powder is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Expose your natural beauty with this exquisite collection of nude and metallic hues. These smooth, powdered shadows blend seamlessly to create an array of day or evening looks. The slim palette holds all twenty shadows, allowing for easy on-the-go application.
Coastal Scents Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 92 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This expertly curated collection of Surratt Beauty's eye shadows features six shades ranging from silky nude to metallic black - allowing you to build the perfect day or night looks.
Estee Lauder Pure Color Eyehadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica**, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Kaolin**, Tapioca Starch**, Polymethylmethacrylate**, Hydroxystearic/Linolenic/Oleic Polyglycerides, Dimer Dilinoleyl Dimer Dilinoleate**, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract**, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Extract**, Carum Petrselinum (Parsley) Extract**, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract**, Althaea Officinalis (Marsh Mallow) Root Extract**, Centaurea Cyanus (Cornflower) Flower Extract**, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil**. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)**, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)**, Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
Mica**, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Kaolin**, Tapioca Starch**, Polymethylmethacrylate**, Hydroxystearic/Linolenic/Oleic Polyglycerides, Dimer Dilinoleyl Dimer Dilinoleate**, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract**, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Extract**, Carum Petrselinum (Parsley) Extract**, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract**, Althaea Officinalis (Marsh Mallow) Root Extract**, Centaurea Cyanus (Cornflower) Flower Extract**, Argania Spinosa (Argan) Kernel Oil**. MAY CONTAIN: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)**, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)**, Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Chromium Hydroxide Green (CI 77289), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
Dress your pout in two-toned style with our Ombré Lip Duos, the new 2-in-1 lip colors inspired by the ombré trend. Each lip duo features two coordinating shades of lip liner and satiny matte lipstick to create the perfect ombré pout.
NYX Ombre Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYX Ombre Lip Liner is a Lip Liner. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Clean and crisp or intense and smoky—this limited edition eye lining palette does it all. Includes three deeply pigmented powder shadows: a rich navy, a bright mid-blue and a bold black that can be layered or worn alone for subtle to standout eye looks. Pairs perfectly with the Greige Eye Palette. 
Bobbi Brown Intense Pigment Liner is a Eyeliner. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Just in time to commemorate the 50th anniversary of its small-screen debut, M·A·C has created this limited-edition collection to celebrate the powerful women of Star Trek—both past and present. Each product comes wrapped in special packaging. Launch into orbit with this powder that transforms your skin upon contact. With swirls of complementing colors and luminous pearls, it provides sheer luminosity to your skin, is creamy to the touch and blends easily.
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Mica, Hydrogenated Styrene/Isoprene Copolymer, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77499).
Custom Enhancer Drops makes bringing adding a highlighting, strobing, or bronzing effect to any liquid cosmetic or skincare product easy. Add them to your favorite foundation, primer, serum, and moisturizer. Available in six universal shades, including four illuminators and two bronzers, these drops can also be used alone, even on top of powder, to create a buildable highlight or sunkissed tint. Custom Enhancer Drops were formulated with a high concentration of pearls that produce a lit-from-within glow without appearing too glittery or overdone. The more drops you use, the more luminosity you’ll get. The result is a beautiful, camera-ready, radiant finish. 
Dior Dior Label Palette Blush is a Blush that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.35 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Charlotte Tilbury Instant Look in a Palette is a Makeup Palette that retails for $75.00 and contains 0.77 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
 A long-wearing, moisturizing, full-coverage, cream-to-matte lip color in a range of statement-making nude shades for all skin tones. When it comes to the nude lip, there is no such thing as one-size-fits-all color. Meet the next generation of nude: this next-level GEN NUDE™ Matte Liquid Lipcolor is a long-wearing, cream-to-matte color with a lightweight, non-tacky texture. Formulated with moisturizing ingredients to counteract dryness, this lip color glides on silky smooth and provides a subtle, vanilla scent. The flexible paddle applicator delivers full coverage in one sweep. For best results, wait 10 minutes before eating or drinking to allow the color to set. 
When it comes to the nude lip, there is no such thing as one-size-fits-all color. Meet the next generation of nude: GEN NUDE™ Under Over™ Lip Liner delivers a creamy, silky glide for exceptional blendability and comfort. It can be used before lip color to help prolong wear and prevent feathering, or for post-lining to clean up the edges and finish off your nude lip look. 
A collection of creamy, moisturizing lipsticks in a range of flattering nude shades for all skin tones.When it comes to the nude lip, there is no such thing as one-size-fits-all color. Meet the next generation of nude: GEN NUDE™ Radiant Lipstick is an addictively creamy color with medium coverage and balmy shine. It’s formulated with natural oils and butters to moisturize, smooth, and condition lips while leaving behind a subtle vanilla scent. 
When it comes to the nude lip, there is no such thing as one-size-fits-all color. Meet the next generation of nude: GEN NUDE™ Buttercream Lipgloss delivers ultra-creamy, moisturizing color with sheer, buildable coverage and balmy, non-sticky shine. Formulated with plumping ingredients for fullness without the tingle, it leaves behind a subtle vanilla scent.

Lip Perfection Lip Liner provides a new kind of lip transformation which goes beyond color to saturate and smooth lips over time. Instantly transforming lips with gorgeous color and gradually transforming dry lips to smoother looking lips.
Your go-to product for a lit-from-within glow, Bobbi’s Brightening Brick in Pastel Pink combines the warmth of a bronzer and the soft flush of a blush to give extra light to light skin tones gorgeous, subtle luminosity.
Proud brows! The Essence Make Me Brow Eyebrow Gel Mascara has a tinted gel formula that contains tiny fibers to fill in gaps to create fuller, more defined eyebrows. The perfectly sized fiber brush shapes and tames to brow perfection. Not tested on animals.
An award-winning, innovative brush-on gel containing tiny micro fibers that adhere to skin and hair, creating full, lush-looking brows where before there were none. The water resistant, long lasting, buildable formula locks hairs in place while conditioning with vitamin B5 and marshmallow extract. Gimme Brow builds easily for thick, full arches, thanks to a tapered brush for blending and a precision tip for shaping.
Benefit Gimme Brow is a Brow that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Hauschka Gimme Brow is a Brow that retails for $24.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
Kevyn Aucoin The Sculpting Cream is a Contour. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Water (Aqua), Cholesteryl, Oleyl Carbonate, Cholesteryl Nonanoate, Cholesteryl Chloride, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Hydrolyzed Silk, Collagen Amino Acids, Glycerin, Euterpe Oleracea Fruit Extract, Butylene Glycol, Camellia Sinesis (Leaf) Extract, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Vitis Vinifera/Grapeseed Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Hyaluronic Acid, Niacinamide, Olive Leaf Extract, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Extract, Chamomilla Recuitta (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Perfluorodecalin, Methicone. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77492, CI 77491), Manganese Violet (CI 77492), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
IT Cosmetics Anti-Aging Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dr. Hauschka Silver Label Rejuvenating BB SPF 35 is a Foundation that retails for $48.00 and contains 1.70 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dipropylene Glycol, Cyclohexasiloxane, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Niacinamide, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Pentylene Glycol, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Mica (CI 77019), Triceteareth-4 Phosphate, Glycol Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate, Potassium Cetyl Phosphate, Polysorbate 60, PEG-2 Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Carbomer Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Tromethamine, Triethoxycaprylysilane, Isohexadecane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Polysorbate 80, Xanthan Gum, Butylene Glycol, Adenosine, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Dimethicone, Disodium EDTA, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Chamaecyparis Obtusa Oil, Zein, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Sodium Palmitoyl Proline, Nymphaea Alba Flower Extract, Sodium Starch Octenylsuccinate, Maldtodextrin, Calcium Pantothenate, Caprylic/Capic Triglyceride, Saussurea Involucrate Extract, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Pyridoxine HCI, Solica, Iron Oxides, Tin Oxide.
MAC Look in a Box (2016) is a Makeup Palette that retails for $39.50 and contains 0.53 oz. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC False Lashes Mascara is a Mascara. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Haute & Naughty Lash Mascara is a Mascara. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC In Extreme Dimension 3D Black Lash Mascara is a Mascara. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Upward Lash Mascara is a Mascara. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Envelop lips in vibrant red color, lasting luster and rich moisture. Rouge Rouge is the go to collection of creamy moisturizing lipsticks in an extraordinary spectrum of reds. Using Vibrant Red Color Technology, Shiseido has exclusively developed sixteen of the most flattering shades-nuanced, intense, unforgettable with a red for everyone.
Eye impact! High intensity mineral shadows that care for your eyelids. A quartet of satin, matte and iridescent finishes line, contour and define in harmonious shades with results that are smooth, crease-free and long-lasting. Mix and blend for any desired effect. 3 color-rich palettes: 01 nude: beige pink, peach pink, beige iridescent, dark brown; 02 rosewood: light pink, beige pink, gray amethyst, fig; 03 brown: light beige, taupe, brown lamé, hot dark brown. - See more at: http://www.clarinsusa.com/en/4-colour-eyeshadow-palette/80011671.html#start=1
Inspired by the iconic architecture of the Eiffel Tower, Dior revisits its star 5 Couleurs palette with two limited editions featuring deep, luminous and richly contrasting colours. A texture that deposits an ultra-pigmented veil with no powdery effect. A harmony of pure blues and cool beiges radiates from a steel grey, while an array of warm and luminous browns unfurls around pink. Two double-ended applicators for a variety of finishes. Made in France.
Dior Skyline Couture Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Vanish Foundation Brush is designed specifically to work with the Vanish Foundation Stick for the most flawless foundation look. The bristles provide an ultrasoft texture that recreates a luxe microfiber feel on the face. Designed with a unique shape to fit into all the contours of the face, including around the nose and under the eyes, it features uniquely crimped bristles that provide the ultimate control so you can easily sweep the foundation across the face. 
Made with the softest pure black goat hair, this brush applies soft, diffused color to give the complexion warm, natural look.
The short, densely packed hairs of this brush allow you to apply and blend all types of foundation to achieve gorgeous airbrushed finish. Made with a 50/50 mix of high-quality goat hair and synthetic fibers.
Perfect for blending and building blush and powder into the skin, this brush features long, soft bristles that are a 50/50 mix of high-quality goat hair and synthetic fibers.
Ideal for applying and blending your highlight colour, this brush features densely packed pony hair bristles and gently rounded corners.
With densely packed pony hair and angled bristles, this brush applies and blends your contour colour in one seamless step.
Used for precise application of liner at the base of the lashes, this brush is made of soft synthetic sable with short bristles that give it the stability to be used straight or on its side.
Used for precise application of liner, this brush is made of soft synthetic sable with short bristles that gives it the stability to create any kind of liner look.

Used for application of liner, this brush is made of soft synthetic sable with bristles that give it the stability to be used for any liner style.
This versatile brush has both soft and hard nylon fibers, allowing you to create either strong, precise lines or a diffused, naturally blended brow.
The ultimate tool for precision with soft touch, this detail-oriented brush applies color to the delicate inner rim of the eye with the silkiest synthetic sable hair.
An extra-long tubular design allows for ease of use and superior functionality. This brush can be used on eyebrows, lashes and even with a little hairspray to tame stray hairs.
Synthetic mongoose hair makes this brush soft but firm, allowing you to blend and buff shadow for a flawless finished look.
Designed to apply and blend eyeshadow into the crease, this brush is made from the highest quality soft natural goat hair. Its smaller size and pointed tip make it the ideal tool for detailed crease work and smaller or deep-set eyes.
Designed to apply and blend eyeshadow into the crease, this brush is made from the highest quality soft natural goat hair. Its larger size and pointed tip make it the ideal tool for strong crease colors and larger eyes.
This all-in-one crease and blending brush is made of the highest quality natural goat hair. Its unique tapered tip and flat design allow it to fit into any crease shape, and blend out even the harshest lines when used vertically.
Using extremely soft natural goat hair, this brush allows you to continually blend from the crease to the outer corner of the eye without irritation. The flat, rounded tip fits into any crease size and blends easily for a variety of finishes, from natural to editorial.
Synthetic sable hairs and an innovative rounded angle tip make this the ultimate brush for blending lip liner and applying precise bold lip color. It is everything you need to create a multitude of lip looks with one unique tool.
The synthetic sable bristles on this small rounded brush make it extremely soft and stable. Its perfect for the detailed edges of a bold lip, but makes an amazing multi-tasker for eyes as well.
Chanel Nail Gloss is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A collection of blush palettes designed with the essential hues scaled into three levels of cheek color, ideal for the fairest to deep skin tones. Triple-milled, matte powder pigments apply seamlessly and adjust easily from sheer to fuller coverage.
Viseart Blush is a Blush. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This palette includes three powder highlighters and three sculpting shades designed to compliment a wide range of skin tones. The highlighters in a crystal, rose-gold & amber hue, deliver a soft reflective finish. The sculpting shades in fair, medium and deep deliver a sheer matte finish for natural shading. Triple-milled, matte powder pigments apply seamlessly and adjust easily from sheer to fuller coverage. 
Viseart Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Viseart Sculpting Powder is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Pairs well with any cream or liquid foundation. This brush is custom designed for fast coverage. Densely packed, flat but wide brush head moves effortlessly over the skin, evenly applying cream and liquid foundations quickly.
This ultra-plush brush is custom-designed for powder application. Fluffed, rounded brush head is created to pick up and apply the perfect amount of powder every time. Pairs well with your favorite powder.
This brush is created to softly and subtly apply concealer, blur away imperfections in those hard to reach areas such as around the nose and under the eyes. Soft, tapered edges allow for precise application, applying the product exactly where you want it. Pairs well with your favorite liquid or cream concealer.
Optically blur away imperfections with a brush so soft it makes you smile! It's love at first touch! Densely packed domed shaped head brush applies eye shadow exactly where you want it. Experience luxury on your skin and your most flawless face with each Velvet Luxe Blurring Brush. From the soft-touch ergonomic handles and proprietary micro-fine hair to the exclusive crystal tips and velvet pouch, each brush is designed to look like your little black dress. You deserve to look and feel your most beautiful every day, and these brushes do that for you the moment you touch them to your skin.
It's love at first touch! Experience luxury on your skin and your most flawless face with each Velvet Luxe Blurring Brush. From the soft-touch ergonomic handles and proprietary micro-fine hair to the exclusive crystal tips and velvet pouch, each brush is designed to look like your little black dress. You deserve to look and feel your most beautiful every day, and these brushes do that for you the moment you touch them to your skin.
Created with flexibility in mind,this brush features a pointed tip of soft, thin pony hairs that allows you to apply precise shadow highlights to the inner corner of the eye or smoke out the lower lash line.
Created with flexibility in mind, this brush features a versatile shape and is made of soft, thin pony hair. The pointed tip fits easily into the inner and outer corners of the eyes, while using the outside edge creates a beautiful natural crease contour.
This original, custom brush design features a sculpted shape that conforms to the unique curves and contours of your face. Its smaller head size nestles perfectly into the under eye area, and also concentrates coverage over blemishes and spots on the face. Symmetrical tapered bristles and an all-over and consistent, medium density delivers 360 degrees of precise, even blending. Designed for long-wear, high-pigment formulas, such as Lock-It Concealer Créme, this brush optimizes the coverage, wear and finish of your concealer. Superb-quality synthetic bristles seamlessly blend concealer precisely where you want it, whether it's under the eyes or elsewhere on the face. The sleek stiletto handle—inspired by a witch's broomstick—provides an ergonomic grip for ultimate control and also doubles as a mixing tool. 
This original, custom brush design features a sculpted shape that conforms to the unique curves and contours of your face. The brush's perfectly symmetrical tapered bristles and consistent density allow you to reach every corner of the face, from every angle, for 360 degrees of precise, even blending. Designed for high-performance formulas, the Lock-It Edge Foundation Brush brings out the best in your foundation for optimal coverage, wear, and finish. Superb-quality synthetic bristles seamlessly blend foundation into skin for buildable, medium-to-full coverage. The sleek stiletto handle—inspired by a witch's broomstick—provides an ergonomic grip for ultimate control and also doubles as a mixing tool. 
Now introducing the Lock-It Precision Powder Brush, the first specialty tool for setting under eye concealer. An essential shape for everyone's brush collection, this brush features an exclusive design for unprecedented control. The rounded silhouette and flat profile give you the precise angles and edges to focus product exactly where you want it, in areas other brushes can't reach. Custom-shaped to fit perfectly into the under eye area, the Lock-It Precision Powder Brush features a unique density and shape that allows you to pack on loose powder, and also buff it off—two essential steps to a flawless, brightened under eye. Designed with high-quality, soft synthetic bristles, this brush is ideal for use with Lock-It Setting Powder to set under-eye concealer. It can also be paired with your favorite highlighter for precision strobing. The sleek, stiletto handle was inspired by a witch's broomstick, with smooth, sturdy acrylic handles weighted for an ergonomic grip and ultimate control. 
The brushes in our G range may herald a trend. Brushes with bristles combining a mix of blue squirrel and goat, brushes that can be used with water-based products, and the large and unique eye brow and lip brushes, are all new and unique brushes that will provide the highest level of precision and performance. This eye shadow brush can be used to naturally smudge shadow liner and for blending colors. Try not to apply color quickly. Softly glide the brush little by little, this will help you to achieve a natural look.
The brushes in our G range may herald a trend. Brushes with bristles combining a mix of blue squirrel and goat, brushes that can be used with water-based products, and the large and unique eye brow and lip brushes, are all new and unique brushes that will provide the highest level of precision and performance. Our standard blusher brush. The bristles are made from blue squirrel and goat which provides natural spring yet still very soft on your skin.
Blue Squirrel & Horse. This eye shadow brush can be used to naturally smudge shadow liner and for blending colors. Try not to apply color quickly. Softly glide the brush little by little, this will help you to achieve a natural look.
The brushes in our G range may herald a trend. Brushes with bristles combining a mix of blue squirrel and goat, brushes that can be used with water-based products, and the large and unique eye brow and lip brushes, are all new and unique brushes that will provide the highest level of precision and performance.
Blue Squirrel & Goat. This highlighter brush is carefully designed to apply makeup around the eye. When you use this brush, use light strokes as if you are removing excess product . This enables you to achieve a natural but glamorous finish.
The brushes in our G range may herald a trend. Brushes with bristles combining a mix of blue squirrel and goat, brushes that can be used with water-based products, and the large and unique eye brow and lip brushes, are all new and unique brushes that will provide the highest level of precision and performance.
The brushes in our G range may herald a trend. Brushes with bristles combining a mix of blue squirrel and goat, brushes that can be used with water-based products, and the large and unique eye brow and lip brushes, are all new and unique brushes that will provide the highest level of precision and performance.
This brush promises sheer coverage. Apply highlighter to the parts of your face you would like to accentuate, such as bridge of the nose and around the eyes.
Pixie Cosmetics Amazon Gold Mineral Foundation is a Foundation. There are 40 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Impala Cosmetics Long Lasting Foundation is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aqua, Cyclopentasiloxane, Triethylhexanoin, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Dimethicone, Propylene Glycol, Peg-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Quaternium-18 Hectorite, Dimethicone Peg-10/15 Crosspolymer, Talc, Methicone, Acrylates/Dimethicone Copolymer, Imidazolidinyl Urea, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Disodium Edta. [+/- (May Contain) Ci 77491, 77492, 77499 (Iron Oxides), 77891 (Titanium Dioxide)]
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceryde, Isopropyl Lanolate, Beeswax, Candelilla Wax, Mica, Magnesium Carbonate, Phenoxyethanol [+/- (May Contain) Ci 77491, 77492, 77499 (Iron Oxides), 77891 (Titanium Dioxide)]
Mica, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Squalane (derived from olive oil), Zinc Stearate, Magnesium Carbonate, Lauroyl Lysine, Glyceryl Caprylate, P-Anisic Acid, Chlorphenesin, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tocopherol, Calcium Sulfate, Manganese Sulfate, Tourmaline [+/- (May Contain) Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77019 (Mica), 77491, 77492, 77499 (Iron Oxides), 77007 (Ultramarine Blue), 77742 (Manganese Violet), 77289 (Chromium Hydroxide Green), 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide), 42090 (Blue 1 Lake),19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), 15850 (Red 7 Lake), 45410 (Red 28 Lake)]
Talc, Dimethicone, Trimethyl, Siloxysilicate, Dimethycone/Vinyl Dimethycone, Crosspolymer, Stearoxy Dimethicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben [+/- (May Contain) Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77019 (Mica), 77491, 77492, 77499 (Iron Oxides), 77007 (Ultramarine Blue), 77742 (Manganese Violet), 77289 (Chromium Hydroxide Green), 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide), 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), 15850 (Red 7 Lake), 45410 (Red 28 Lake)]
BYS Matte Cream Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NYC Cosmetics All Day Long Smooth Skin Foundation (UK) is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Impress Liquid Foundation is a Foundation. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Calcium Carbonate, Zinc Stearate, Paraffinum Liquidum, BHA, BHT, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Lanolin Oil, Polysorbate 60, Stearic Acid, Aqua, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Parfum, Hydroxycitronellal, Linalool, Citronellol, Eugenol, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Amyl Cinnamal, Coumarin, Evernia Prunastri Extract, Benzyl Salicylate, Geranoil, [+/- CI 77891, CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499, CI 77007]
aqua (water), cyclopentasiloxane, nylon-12, ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, lauryl PEG-9 polydimethylsiloxyethyl dimethicone, cyclohexasiloxane, isodecyl neopentanoate, talc, bis-ethylhexyloxyphenol methoxyphenyl triazine, PEG-10 dimethicone, pentylene glycol, trimethylsiloxysilicate, aluminum/magnesium hydroxide stearate, HDI/trimethylol hexyllactone crosspolymer, titanium dioxide, silica, ethylhexylglycerin, glyceryl caprylate, sodium chloride, triethoxycaprylylsilane, hydrogen dimethicone, aluminum hydroxide, tocopheryl acetate, moringa oleifera seed oil, theobroma cacao extract (theobroma cacao (cocoa) extract), glycerin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, pistacia lentiscus gum (pistacia lentiscus (mastic) gum), lecithin, tetrasodium EDTA. [+/- : CI 77891 (titanium dioxide), CI 77499 (iron oxides), CI 77492 (iron oxides), CI 77491 (iron oxides)]
mica (CI77019), titanium dioxide (CI77891), zinc oxide (CI77947), iron oxides (CI77491, CI77492, CI77499).
Flormar Perfect Coverage Foundation is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
AQUA (WATER, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, CAPRYLYL METHICONE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, LAURYL PEG-10 TRIS(TRIMETHYLSILOXY)SILYLETHYL DIMETHICONE, ISODODECANE, POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE, DIMETHICONE, RUBUS CHAMAEMORUS (CLOUDBERRY) SEED EXTRACT, PHENOXYETHANOL, C9-15 FLUOROALCOHOL PHOSPHATE, POLYGLYCERYL-3 DIISOSTEARATE, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, MAGNESIUM SULFATE, SODIUM CHLORIDE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, POLYSILICONE-11, ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE, POLYPROPYLSILSESQUIOXANE, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, PARFUM (FRAGRANCE). MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891, CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499
AQUA (WATER, CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, CAPRYLYL METHICONE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, LAURYL PEG-10 TRIS(TRIMETHYLSILOXY)SILYLETHYL DIMETHICONE, ISODODECANE, POLYMETHYL METHACRYLATE, DIMETHICONE, RUBUS CHAMAEMORUS (CLOUDBERRY) SEED EXTRACT, PHENOXYETHANOL, C9-15 FLUOROALCOHOL PHOSPHATE, POLYGLYCERYL-3 DIISOSTEARATE, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, MAGNESIUM SULFATE, SODIUM CHLORIDE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, POLYSILICONE-11, ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE, POLYPROPYLSILSESQUIOXANE, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, PARFUM (FRAGRANCE). MAY CONTAIN: CI 77891, CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499
Miessence Translucent Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
AQUA (WATER), CYCLOPENTASILOXANE, ISODODECANE, DIMETHICONE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, LAURYL PEG-10 TRIS(TRIMETHYLSILOXY)SILYLETHYL DIMETHICONE, NYLON-12, POLYPROPYLSILSESQUIOXANE, POLYGLYCERYL-4 ISOSTEARATE, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, HEXYL LAURATE, TALC, RUBUS CHAMAEMORUS (CLOUDBERRY) SEED EXTRACT, C9-15 FLUOROALCOHOL PHOSPHATE, PHENOXYETHANOL, POLYSILICONE-11, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE, MAGNESIUM SULFATE, ENANTIA CHLORANTHA (BARK) EXTRACT, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, HYDROXYAPATITE), GLYCERIN, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, ZINC OXIDE, OLEANOLIC ACID, PARFUM (FRAGRANCE). MAY CONTAIN: MICA , CI 77891, CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499
Rimmel London Match Perfection Foundation (UK) is a Foundation. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Squalane, Octyldodecyl Myristate, Magnesium Carbonate, Octyldodecanol, Dimethicone, Polysorbate 20, Water (Aqua), Benzimidazole Diamond Amidoethyl Urea Carbamoyl Propyl Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Butylene Glycol, Dimethylacrylamide/Acrylic Acid/Polystyrene Ethyl Methacrylate Copolymer, Lycium Barbarum (Goji) Fruit Extract, Palmitoyl Hexapeptide-14, Ethoxydiglycol, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Chlorphenesin, Trisodium Edta, Phenoxyethanol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Ultramarines (Ci 77007), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742), Carmine (Ci 75470), Bismuth Oxychloride (Ci 77163), Green 6 (Ci 61565), Red 6 Lake (Ci 15850), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Red 27 Lake (Ci 45410), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Yellow 6 Lake (Ci 15985), Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090).
The Face Shop Phytogenic Infinite Foundation SPF20 PA++ is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Eisenberg Invisible Corrective Makeup is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colorbar Timeless Filling & Lifting Foundation is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Skin Evolution Liquid Foundation (Int'l) is a Foundation. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
KIKO Ivory 101 is a natural finish.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Mica, Glycerin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Stearoyl Inulin, Caprylyl Dimethicone Ethoxy Glucoside, Cyclohexasiloxane, Aluminum/Magnesium Hydroxide Stearate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Chloride, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Ethylparaben, Laureth-4, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Palmitoyl Dipeptide-5 Diaminobutyroyl Hydroxythreonine, Palmitoyl Dipeptide-5 Diaminohydroxybutyrate (+/-) May Contain: Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77492 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77007 (Ultramarines).
L'Oreal Infallible Long Lasting Creamy Powder Foundation (Int'l) is a Foundation. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal Golden Beige 140 is a matte finish.
Bis-ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine - 2%. Mica, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Talc, Zinc Stearate, Titanium Dioxide, Calcium Carbonate, Lauroyl Lysine, Glyceryl Laurate, Cyclomethicone, Mineral Oil, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Arachidonic Acid, Linoleic Acid, Linolenic Acid, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Glycerin, Tetrasodium EDTA, *Tocopheryl Acetate. May Contain: CI 77891, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI77499 (Iron Oxides)
La Roche-Posay Toleriane Teint Hydrating Water-Cream Foundation (UK) is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Astor Perfect Stay Foundation is a Foundation. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Teint Idole Ultra 24H Foundation (UK) is a Foundation. There are 41 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Zinc Oxide 10%. Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Isododecane, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Polymethylsilsequioxane, Glycerin, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Propanediol, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Magnesium Sulfate, Ribose, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Buddleja Davidii Extract, Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Extract, Marrubium Vulgare Extract, Hexapeptide-10, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Aminobutyric Acid, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Chloride, Ethylhexylglycerin, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide(Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Cl 77491, Ci 77492, Cl 77499).
Maybelline Super Natural Mat (Int'l) is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Nude 021 is a matte finish.
CoverDerm Classic Waterproof Concealing Foundation is a Foundation. There are 11 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
L'Oreal True Match Genius (UK) is a Foundation. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline Dream Satin Liquid (UK) is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Maybelline White Superfresh Long Lasting UV Cake Powder (Asia) is a Foundation. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Lancome Teint Idole Silky Mat (UK) is a Foundation. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aqua (Water), Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Butylene Glycol, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Cetyl PEG / PPG-10 / 1 Dimethicone, Hexyl Laurate, Potassium Cetyl Phosphate, VP / Eicosene Copolymer, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tocopherol, Parfum (Fragrance), Sodium Chloride, PEG / PPG-19 / 19 Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Disodium EDTA, Xanthan Gum, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Propylene Carbonate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Lecithin, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide).
Aqua (Water), Cyclopentasiloxane, Cyclohexasiloxane, Glycerin, PEG / PPG-18 / 18 Dimethicone, Titanium Dioxide, Zinc Oxide, Sodium Chloride, Triethylhexanoin, Stearoyl Inulin, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Polysorbate 80, Acrylates / C 12-22 Alkyl Methacrylate Copolymer, Hydrated Silica, Dimethicone / Methicone Copolymer, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, PEG-8, Aluminum Hydroxide, Trimethoxycaprylylsilane, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Tocopherol, Propylene Glycol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Ascorbic Acid, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum (Fragrance ), Benzyl Salicylate, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Hexyl Cinnamal, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide).
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Isopropyl Myristate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Petrolatum, Silica, Talc, Paraffin, Propylene Glycol Stearate, Ozokerite, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Isopropyl Isostearate, Paraffinum Liquidum (Mineral Oil), Allantoin, PEG-8, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide).
Active: Octinoxate 5%, Octisalate 3%, Oxybenzone 2%. Inactive: Water, Butylene Glycol, C12-15- Alkylbenzoate, Hydrogenerated Castor Oil, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Stearic Acid, Ceteryl Olivate, Sorbitan Olivate, Glyveryl Stearate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Triethanolamine, Tocophyerl Acetate, Cellulose Gum, Butyrospermum, Parkii (Shea Butter) Fruit, Phenoxyethanol, Chondrus Crispus (Carrageenan), Ascorbyl Palmitate. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Octyl Palmitate, Ricinus Communis(Castor) Seed Oil & Stearalkonium Hectorite & Propylene Carbonate,Beeswax (Cera Alba), N/A Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E), BoronNitride, Silica Sylicate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Aloe (Oil)Barbadensis Leaf Extract. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI77891), Iron Oxide Yellow (CI 77492), Iron Oxide Red (CI 77491), IronOxide Black (CI 77499).
Mica, Dimethicone, Magnesium Myristate, Polyethylene, Zinc Stearate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Lauroyl Lysine, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Lipids, Squalane, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Ethylhexylglycerin, Nylon-11, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Starch, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Sea Salt (Maris Sal), Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Methicone, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Ascorbic Acid, Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499). May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410), Manganese Violet (CI 77492), Carmine (CI 75470).
Water/Eau, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Cyclopentasiloxane, Zinc Stearate, Glycerin, Isononyl Isononanoate, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Sorbitan Isostearate, Caprylyl Dimethicone Ethoxy Glucoside, Sodium Chloride, Cetyl Dimethicone, Squalane, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Hexylene Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Chlorphenesin, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sorbitol, Fructose, Glucose, Dextrin, Sucrose, Tocopherol, Urea, Laureth-4, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Alanine, Aspartic Acid, Glutamic Acid. May Contain / Peut Contenir: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Talc, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, PTFE, Boron Nitride, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Zeolite, Zinc Stearate, Methylparaben, Sorbic Acid, Propylparaben, Lauroyl Lysine, Phenoxyethanol, Tetrasodium EDTA, Butylparaben, BHT. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Ultramarines, Carmine, Manganese Violet, Ferric Ferrocyanide, Red 6, Red 7, Red 7 Lake, Red 30 Lake, Yellow 6 Lake, Yellow 5 Lake, Blue 1 Lake.
This high performance setting powder absorbs excess oil and diffuses light to soften fine lines and imperfections for an airbrushed appearance. The invisible powder is universal for all skin tones and mattifies without dulling the skin, for a shine-free yet vibrant complexion.
AQUA (WATER / EAU), DIMETHICONE, METHYL TRIMETHICONE, TALC, DIGLYCERIN, PEG-9 DIMETHICONE, NYLON-12, DISTEARDIMONIUM HECTORITE, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF WATER, DIMETHICONE/VINYL DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, TRIETHYL CITRATE, GLYCERIN, HYDROGEN DIMETHICONE, ACRYLAMIDE/SODIUM ACRYLOYLDIMETHYLTAURATE COPOLYMER, POLYSILICONE-11, XANTHAN GUM, TOCOPHEROL, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, DISODIUM EDTA, ISOHEXADECANE, ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE, ASCORBYL TETRAISOPALMITATE, POLYSORBATE 80, SORBITAN OLEATE, DECYL GLUCOSIDE, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, HEXYLENE GLYCOL, PHENOXYETHANOL, POTASSIUM SORBATE, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, BENZYL ALCOHOL, SODIUM BENZOATE, DEHYDROACETIC ACID, PARFUM (FRAGRANCE). +/- (MAY CONTAIN): CI 77891 (TITANIUM DIOXIDE), CI 77491 - CI 77492 – CI 77499 (IRON OXIDES).
AQUA (WATER/EAU), DIMETHICONE, ISOHEXADECANE, PHENYL TRIMETHICONE, MICA, CETYL PEG/PPG-10/1 DIMETHICONE, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, DIMETHICONE CROSSPOLYMER, ALUMINUM/MAGNESIUM HYDROXIDE STEARATE, TRIMETHYLSILOXYSILICATE, GLYCERIN, POLYGLYCERYL-3 DIISOSTEARATE, PHENOXYETHANOL, SODIUM CHLORIDE, HEXYLENE GLYCOL, POTASSIUM SORBATE, SODIUM DEHYDROACETATE, DISODIUM EDTA, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, PARFUM (FRAGRANCE), ZINC STEARATE, FRUCTOSE, GLUCOSE, MANNITOL, SORBITOL, DEXTRIN, SUCROSE, UREA, ALANINE, ASPARTIC ACID, GLUTAMIC ACID, PENTAERYTHRITYL TETRA-DI-t-BUTYL HYDROXYHYDROCINNAMATE. +/-(MAY CONTAIN): CI 77891 (TITANIUM DIOXIDE), CI 77491 - CI 77492 - CI 77499 (IRON OXIDES)
Water, Isohexadecane, Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Mica, Glycerin, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Sorbitan Isostearate, Trisiloxane, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tetrasodium EDTA , Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Chloride, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Caprylyl Methicone, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Dehydroacetate , PEG-30 Dipolyhydroxystearate, Propylene Carbonate, Tocopherol, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-DI-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499).
Bobbi Brown Intensive Skin Serum Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 15 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Silica, Isononyl Isononanoate, Boron Nitride, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Alumina, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tocopherol. (+/-): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides).
Clinique Superbalanced Silk Makeup Broad Spectrum SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $25.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Multi-Perfecting Concealer is a Concealer that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Triisostearoyl Polyglyceryl-3 Dimer Dilinoleate*, Hydrogenated Ethylhexyl Olivate*, Squalane*, Silica*, Coconut Alkanes*, C10-18 Triglyceride*, Cera Albla (Beeswax)**, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter**, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax**, Jojoba Esters*, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax**, Mica*, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Wax, Bismuth Oxychloride*, Hydrogenated Olive Oil Unsaponifiables*, Flavor*, Stearoyl Glutamic Acid*, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate*, Tocopherol*, Acacia Decurrens Flower Wax*, Polyglycerin-3*, Trans-Resveratrol*, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil**. +/- May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891)*, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499)*, Carmine (Ci 75470)*, Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Red 40 Lake (Ci 16035), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742)*. *Natural, **Organic.
An innovative high shine, crease-proof formula that can be worn wet or dry as an eye shadow or eyeliner. The luxurious texture creates a metallic sheen that won’t crease or transfer after application. Creamy and long lasting, the high pearl formula is infused with a silk tree extract that lends a youthful appearance to the eye area.
Dimethicone, Kaolin, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Phenyl Trimethicone, Isostearyl Isostearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Microcrystalline Wax/Cera Microcristallina/Cire Microcristalline, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone SilsesquioxaneCrosspolymer, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Nylon-12, Dicalcium Phosphate, StearalkoniumBentonite, Propylene Carbonate, Ethyl Vanillin, Propylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Lecithin, Silica, ArganiaSpinosa Kernel Oil, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Tocopherol, Orchis Mascula Flower Extract, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Nymphaea Alba Flower Extract, Citric Acid, Tin Oxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, [+/- (May Contain): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491), Iron Oxides (Ci 77492), Iron Oxides (Ci 77499), Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742), Red 6 (Ci 15850), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140)].
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Isononyl Isononanoate, Octyldodecanol, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Polyethylene, Silica, Mica, Ozokerite, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire De Candelilla/Candelilla Cera, Isopropyl Myristate, Isostearic Acid, Lecithin, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Sodium Magnesium Silver Phosphate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, May Contain: (+/-) Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891).
Triethylhexanoin, Magnesium Myristate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin May Contain: +/- Mica (CI 77019) , Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77491)
Triethylhexanoin, Magnesium Myristate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin May Contain: +/- Mica (CI 77019) , Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77491)
Urban Decay introduces Liquid Moondust Eyeshadow, a super-versatile cream version of the innovative formula you know and love. Similar to its pressed Moondust Eyeshadows, Liquid Moondust contains microfine bits of iridescent sparkle and lush, 3-D metallics for a gorgeous, diamond-like effect. Its innovative, lightweight formula feels cool and wears comfortably. Create subtle eye looks or layer and build the formula for more intense, 3-D metallic effects. Whether you want to add just a hint of sparkle at the lash line or layer color over the lid, the slim, precise brush does it all. For all-over sparkle, lay the color down quickly and blend it out. Liquid Moondust also looks amazing over Urban Decay’s iconic Eyeshadow—and even the original Moondust Eyeshadow.
Inspired by aka - the Japanese word for red - one of the oldest and most iconic shades to have existed in the Japanese language, SUQQU’s new AW16 collection is built upon a range of enlivening reds. The Pure Colour Blush comes in two beautifully gradated two tones - a subtle glow & a bright pop of colour. Formulated with translucent, finely-grained powder particles, it shows pure, true and vibrant on skin. An infusion of a generous amount of emollient oils allows a smooth, non-powdery finish.
Award winning luxurious eyeshadow brush. Flat but voluminous brush that enables you to create beautiful gradations of shades with ease.
Award winning brush that creates beautiful and eve in colour gradation with ease. 
Japanese cult beauty brand SUQQU release a concise edit of new products and shades for AW16 - and it's set to be a sell-out. Highly pigmented to enhance richness, the Extra Glow Lipstick is a non-pearl formula that creates the appearance of plumper lips with a natural sheen. The label enriches the blend with seven nourishing oils for long-lasting moisture.
The Lock-It Setting Powder Brush was created after testing dozens of other loose powder brushes, in pursuit of the perfect tool to pair with Kat Von D’s groundbreaking Lock-It Setting Powder. Its distinctive silhouette features a perfectly rounded shape and long, tapered bristles—an artist's secret to efficient-yet-seamless, all-over setting. The fluffy density optimizes the dispersion of loose powder across the face, so you get a soft, diffused veil of powder with one effortless, even application. Designed with superb-quality, its soft synthetic bristles are arranged in the ideal proportions to apply the finest loose powders—including the Lock-It Setting Powder—lightly and evenly to blur imperfections and smooth your skin's texture. The sleek, stiletto handle was inspired by a witch's broomstick, and its smooth, sturdy acrylic handles are weighted for an ergonomic grip and ultimate control. 
Sketch Marker is an innovative liquid eyeliner that’s inspired by Japanese calligraphy pens. Its formula acts as an artist’s best drawing ink so you can effortlessly create paintbrush-like strokes for daytime to dramatic cat eyes and everything in between. Its waterproof formula will not fade or feather, and it features an array of soft pastels to bold pop art shades. Wear just a single color or layer together shades to create a double eyeliner work of art. 
Too Faced teamed up with global beauty megastar NikkieTutorials to create this limited edition collection that celebrates the transformative power of makeup. Her exclusive collection features everything you need to create endless looks, including nine all new eye shadows, a deluxe Better Than Sex Mascara in an exclusive purple shade, and Nikkie’s go-to Highlighter shade in Champagne Truffle for the perfect glow. 
OFRA Long Lasting Liquid Lipstick is a one step full lip color that does not feather. These vibrant colors will give you a vivacious new look.They are creamy and soft in texture, moisturizing the lips and creating a long lasting lipstick effect. No need to use lipliner, this liquid lipstick gives a beautiful edge to your lip look!
Wet 'n' Wild Crystalic Nail Color is a Nail Lacquer. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NO messy brown streaks!! A favorite with professional make-up artists and celebrities, our bronzer glides easily over the skin for a beautiful sun-kissed look. It is available in three beautifully color-balanced shades that work on all skin tones and skin types. Subtle hints of shimmer add a radiant and youthful glow to the skin, while softening the appearance of the skin. It can be layered to the desired bronze look. Cargo's signature, sleek oversized tin offers a large surface area for easy, even application of color.
Cargo's Powder Blush glides over the skin and looks smooth and natural. The sheer powder is buildable for a customized level of color intensity. Paraben free.
Water resistant pencil suitable for the most sensitive eye & lip areas. Created with a synthetic beeswax base for a smooth, soft and long lasting application.
Designed to adhere to makeup throughout the day. Perfect for application in a TV studio or on film sets. This product can also be used to control oil secretion.
Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Lauroyl Lysine, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Polyethylene, Synthetic Wax, Mica, Octyldodecanol, Ozokerite, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Lecithin, Tin Oxide, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, [+/- (May Contain): Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77000 (Aluminum Powder), Ci 77400 (Bronze Powder), Ci 77163 (Bismuth Oxychloride)].
A Crème Gel formula that gives precise application. It glides on smoothly and adheres to the skin to give 10+ hours of wear.
A super precise, self-sharpening mechanical brow pencil. This long wearing formula applies comfortably without any pulling or dragging. It's micro size tip creates natural hairlike application for multiple brow looks.
Bronzing powder is formulated with glow activators, a blend of nourishing vitamins, moisturizers and anti-oxidants, to create a healthy sun-kissed glow. Bronze Booster Glow-Boosting Pressed Bronzer by Physicians Formula glides on smoothly for even coverage. Use alone or over makeup. Mirrored compact includes a precise-application brush. Hypoallergenic. Fragrance free. Dermatologist approved.
A long-wearing, fall-out free blush for a flawless, healthy finish that lasts up to 8 hours. Formulated with multi-chromatic pigments that adjust from soft suede to a natural rose to suit a wide variety of skin tones.
Mellow Matte Lipsticks are highly pigmented, richly formulated and long-wearing. The formula glides on smoothly, leaving a velvety-smooth, moisturising finish.
The iconic skin illuminator is now better than ever. Banish dullness and even out skin with light capturing crystals and photochromatic pigments for a lit-from-within look.
New Smooth N Sunny Bronzer takes bronzing to a new dimension, combining perfect combinations of bronzing and highlighting shades to create a perfectly-sun-kissed-glow.
New Smooth N Sunny Bronzer takes bronzing to a new dimension, combining perfect combinations of bronzing and highlighting shades to create a perfectly-sun-kissed-glow.
This luxurious glossy stain delivers long-wearing color that melts into your lips for a shiny, vinyl look. It's formulated with unique Tri-Laminar technology, which separates color and shine into three layers for an unparalleled level of color saturation and captivating texture. Additional ingredients deliver rich moisture that lasts for four hours. Your lips are left plump, beautiful and smooth.
This ultrafine pressed powder, housed in a specially designed sleek metal case, spreads delicately for an instantly beautiful finish.
Introducing a truly loyal long-lasting liquid lipstick—Meet Matt(e) Hughes. With twelve dreamy shades to choose from, you can take your pick from this hopelessly devoted collection. This long-wearing formula has a comfortable matte finish with no commitment issues. These matte vanilla mint liquid lipsticks are stuck on you without feeling clingy!
Maybelline's Color Sensational Vivid Matte Liquid Lip Color has a creamy liquid base for a soft, cushiony feel.
This lightweight finishing powder for all skintones enhances the look of foundation, or bare skin, in any light. AlgaCorrecting complex plus an algae-derived ingredient combine for glowing, luminous-looking skin, while optical diffusers blur the appearance of pores and fine lines and wrinkles—visibly smoothing skin. Perfect for on-the-go touch ups, Color Correcting Finishing Powder absorbs excess oil and keeps skin looking fresh and radiant all day. 
Girlactik Precise Marker Liner is a Eyeliner that retails for $20.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Fashion-focused nail polish in a gorgeous array of inspiring colors and effects. Application is quick and easy – one coat of the high-gloss formula provides a rich, flawless finish.
Water, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Hydrogenated Styrene/Isoprene Copolymer, Hydrogenated Didecene, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Titanium Dioxide [Nano], Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Glycerin, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Lactobacillus/Salix Alba Bark Ferment Filtrate, Phenoxyethanol, Alumina, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Fruit Juice/Cocos Nucifera Fruit Juice, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Water/Cocos Nucifera Water, Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Lauric Acid, Lauryl Alcohol Diphosphonic Acid, Lauryl PEG-8 Dimethicone, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Methicone, Fragrance, Pentylene Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Rhododendron Ferrugineum Extract, Sodium Benzoate, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Tropolone, Yogurt Powder. May Contain (+/-): Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Tom Ford Beauty Traceless Stick Foundation is a Foundation. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Methyltrimethicone, Dimethicone, Alcohol, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Pentylene Glycol, Mica, Phenyltrimethicone, Silica, Acrylates Dimethicone Copolymer, Acrylates Copolymer, Aluminum Hydroxide, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Stearic Acid, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Phenoxyethanol, Alumina, Sodium Myristoyl Glutamate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Lecithin, Tetrasodium EDTA, Fragrance, Hexyl Cinnamal, Sericin, Hydroxycitronellal, BHT, Citronellol, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Hydrolyzed Linseed Extract, Sorbic Acid, [+/- CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides)].
Tom Ford Beauty Traceless Perfecting Foundation SPF15 is a Foundation that retails for $82.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anastasia Stick Foundation (Highlighter) is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Anastasia Stick Foundation (Contour) is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
YSL Highlighting Finishing Powder is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Saturate lips with lustrous color. Sculpt your lips with light. Discover the power to create a new look of lip-shaping volume and definition. The lipstick bullet is shaped to sculpt the curves of your lips. The case feels like luxury in your hands. And with one click, case closed.
This season, the new DIORSHOW MONO LUSTROUS SMOKY bathes lids in an autumnal palette enhanced with a lustrous finish that delivers unprecedented shine. 
Dior introduces the next generation of Rouge Dior, reimagined by Peter Philips, Creative and Image
Director of Dior Makeup, featuring five categories of shades for a total of 50 colors to choose from in two
finishes – 35 classic luxe satins and 15 new pure long-wearing mattes. All 50 shades are formulated with
Hyaluronic Acid to plump the lips, and Mango Butter to nourish and protect, resulting in pure couture color, a
feel good formula, and long wearing, bold pigment. 
To mark the launch of the new Rouge Dior
Lipstick collection, Dior has created three limited
edition shades of its covetable Dior Vernis formula:
Red Glove #954, an optimistic red, Première #977,
a romantic plum, and Opening Night #994, a
midnight blue. 
Dior Rouge Dior Brilliant Lipgloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $35.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Rouge Dior Contour Lipliner Pencil preps, primes and defines lips perfectly for lipstick
application that lasts all day. For 2016, the pencils also come in a matte formula, and all 19
shades provide easy-glide application while working all day to prevent feathering
Guerlain introduces Palette 5 Colors, an essential palette for custom eye looks. It includes five shades for a flawless result: one base to smooth out and illuminate, two nude shades, and two smoky shades for a smoldering look. These shades feature matte, satin, and metallic finishes and are enriched with light pigments, reflecting light to make the eyes seem more open and brighter. From the most natural to ultra-smoky, every look is possible—just create your custom look with perfect harmony. 
These shades feature matte, satin, and metallic finishes and are enriched with light pigments, reflecting light to make the eyes seem more open and brighter. 
When it comes to our creamy, addictive Vice Lipstick, too much is never enough. Urban Decay introduces Vice Lipstick Palette, available in two unique color ways. Indulge your vice with multiple finishes and a DOZEN shades from our massive collection—from neutral to bright, dark to light. Every shade applies smoothly (without dragging or skipping), hugs lips, and feels amazing. Wende got tired of lugging around a heavy bag loaded with all her favorite lipsticks. She took a poll at UDHQ to find out how many shades her employees had in their makeup bags, and some had as many as nine! Ever the problem solver, she created our Vice Lipstick Palettes. Ideal for travel (and loaded with a retractable lip brush), both of these super-sleek palettes were made for experimentation. Been toying with trying a new shade but weren’t ready to commit? With our Vice Lipstick Palettes, now you’ve got no excuse. Keep your options open without having to weigh down your makeup bag. Use the included brush to layer or mix shades; it’s ideal for contouring and creating added depth and dimension.
Perfect for your favorite loose powders and ideal for any skin type. The soft edge allows you to emphasize your most flattering features. Handcrafted of Saikoho goat hair.
Designed to bring out the best with your blush, bronzer and highlighters. The luxurious Saikoho bristles deposit just the right amount of any powder or cream product. Handcrafted of Saikoho goat hair.
Developed specifically to deliver flawless coverage with any liquid or cream foundation. This brush is also ideal for working with cream contour products. Handcrafted of Saikoho goat hair.
The perfect length to deposit product and fits well into the crease. The flat edge lays down color while allowing you to blend product with a soft touch. Handcrafted of Sokoho goat hair.
The most detailed brush of the Collection. The crisp edge delivers full coverage and precise lines. Also suitable for applying concealer.
Handcrafted of synthetic fiber.
Create beautiful brows by depositing just the right amount of product. This dense, flat brush is ideal for blending powder or pomade brow products.
Chikuhodo Holiday 2016 is a Makeup Palette that retails for $245.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
To celebrate 20 years of the Laura Mercier Brand, Laura crafted 5 universally flattering shades of nude (Catherine), rose (Sophia), coral (Joanne), pink (Bebe), and red (Vivien). This 15-piece limited edition collection features specially curated shades of Velour Lovers Lip Colour, Creme Smooth Lip Colour and Lip Glace that can be mixed & matched to create endless looks. Housed in a premium, lacquer jewlery box, this collection is a must-have item for any beauty enthusiast.
To celebrate 20 years of the Laura Mercier Brand, Laura crafted 5 universally flattering shades of nude (Catherine), rose (Sophia), coral (Joanne), pink (Bebe), and red (Vivien). This 15-piece limited edition collection features specially curated shades of Velour Lovers Lip Colour, Creme Smooth Lip Colour and Lip Glace that can be mixed & matched to create endless looks. Housed in a premium, lacquer jewlery box, this collection is a must-have item for any beauty enthusiast.
A highly pigmented, moisturizing lip color with a satin matte finish. Velour Lovers Lip Colour is a revolution in matte lipstick that couples delicate mattifying powders with moisturizing mango butter that creates a velvety texture that is smooth, creamy and long-wearing. Formula is buildable, offering medium to high coverage with a matte, sateen finish.
Want that gorgeous just-got-Naked glow all over (even when you haven’t actually done the deed)? Urban Decay introduces Naked Illuminated Trio. This limited-edition set contains three NEW shades of our coveted Shimmering Powder for Face and Body. If you’ve tried Naked Illuminated before, you already know it contains a sophisticated, microfine Naked shimmer. Still a virgin? You really have to see this lightweight, baked powder to appreciate how insanely beautiful it is! Like the perfect quickie, Naked Illuminated gives you a sexy, just-finished flush that will have people asking what (or whom) you’ve been doing. Each shade contains light-reflecting particles that give skin a luminous look. Simply dust on this smooth, silky powder wherever you want to create an instant glow—for a radiant Naked look from head to toe.
Urban Decay Illuminated Shimmering Powder is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A complete 20-piece eyeshadow wardrobe in one chic tarteist™ palette. 
Water, Isododecane, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Peg/Ppg-10/1 Dimethicone, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Cyclopentasiloxane, Talc, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Sodium Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Boron Nitride, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Propylene Carbonate, Xanthan Gum, Aluminum Hydroxide, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Tetrasodium Edta, Mica, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tocopheryl Acetate, Glycerin, Peg-8 Methyl Ether Dimethicone, Perfluorodecalin, Glycosphingolipids, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Extract, Yeast Extract, Sucrose Palmitate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499).
Liptensity Lipstick pushes the boundaries of colour. With the expertise of tetrachromat Maureen Seaberg — who has the genetic ability to see up to 100 million hues imperceptible to the average naked eye — M·A·C has created an unprecedented spectrum of 24 shades with extreme, undeniable colour intensity, using our groundbreaking High-Frequency Tetrachromatic Pigments technology.
Ambient Lighting Bronzer’s sheer, airy formula sweeps softly onto skin for a healthy-looking, radiant finish. It’s formulated with Photoluminescent Technology, featuring optically transparent particles that transform the look of skin by manipulating and refracting light to emphasize your best features. The optically transparent particles allow for seamless blending and color transitions. The powders, blended by hand using an advanced miscelare technique, offer the perfect balance of pigments in a gorgeous pattern. Use this bronzer alone, or paired with Ambient Lighting Powder for maximum control to create depth and dimension—or even use it for a subtle contouring effect. 
Natural highlights! This Essence Pure Nude Highlighter adds natural luminescence to cheeks, temples, and brow bone for a gorgeous glow. The baked formula applies smoothly while the light texture blends easily for a natural finish. Not tested on animals.
Create starlet illumination with the Star Light, Star Bright Highlighting Palette. Bouncy to the touch, these unique, radiance-enhancing highlighters melt into skin for a barely-there feel. Infused with ultra-fine, light-diffusing particles, they help skin look lit from within for a natural-looking glow. Layer these shades together or wear them alone and let your skin steal the spotlight this holiday season. Wear Transcendence’s opalescent pink for a bold, ethereal glow, sweep on Kitten, a shimmering pink nude that brightens and illuminates, or wear the Bronze highlighter for a radiant, sunkissed glow. 
Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecanol, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Polyethylene, Phytosteryl/Isostearyl/Cetyl/Stearyl/Behenyl Dimer Dilinoleate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacylapidate-2, Mica, Hydrated Silica, Kaolin, Cera Microcristallina Wax/Microcrystalline Wax/Cire Microcrystalline, Squalane, Phenyl Trimethicone, Hydrogenated Olive Oil, Silica, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire De Candelilla, VP/Eicosene Copolymer, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Tribehenin, Olea Europaea (Olive) Oil Unsaponifiables, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Orbigynya Oleifera Seed Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Theobroma Cacao (Coca) Seed Butter, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triisostearin, Shorea Stenoptera Seed Butter, Sorbitan Oleate, Barium Sulfate (CI 77120), Sorbitan Isostearate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Tocopherol, Fragrance, Hippophae Rhamnoides Seed Oil, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Acrylates Copolymer, Tin Oxide, Bensyl Benzoate, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
Imagine, create, and inspire with this collector’s Paintbox Collector's Makeup Case, featuring all the beauty products needed to complete a number of beauty looks. The custom print, full-size case includes a built-in eye shadow palette with 24 brilliant, limited-edition shades, including warm neutrals and avant-garde bolds with mixed matte and micro-metallic finishes. It also includes two, lash-loving favorites from tarte, including the waterproof Rainforest of the Sea™ so fine micro liner and tarteist lash paint mascara for an instant, ultimate increase in lash volume. Then, paint on high-coverage, high-shine lip color with the coveted, deluxe-size tarteist glossy lip paint. The case also includes a limited-edition, four-piece cheek palette to contour, highlight, and accentuate cheeks across all skintones. There’s added storage in the mirrored case for some extra tarteist essentials so you stow away the rest of your beauty musts. 
Imagine, create, and inspire with this collector’s Paintbox Collector's Makeup Case, featuring all the beauty products needed to complete a number of beauty looks. The custom print, full-size case includes a built-in eye shadow palette with 24 brilliant, limited-edition shades, including warm neutrals and avant-garde bolds with mixed matte and micro-metallic finishes. It also includes two, lash-loving favorites from tarte, including the waterproof Rainforest of the Sea™ so fine micro liner and tarteist lash paint mascara for an instant, ultimate increase in lash volume. Then, paint on high-coverage, high-shine lip color with the coveted, deluxe-size tarteist glossy lip paint. The case also includes a limited-edition, four-piece cheek palette to contour, highlight, and accentuate cheeks across all skintones. There’s added storage in the mirrored case for some extra tarteist essentials so you stow away the rest of your beauty musts. 
Make Up For Ever Artistic Lip Ink & Brush Set is a Lip Palette that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.15 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Artistic Lip Ink is a Lipstick. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Make Up For Ever Lip Ink Brush is a Brush.
ROUGE ALLURE INK is a long-lasting liquid lipstick with a smooth texture that glides on like a gloss and sets with a luminous velvet-like finish. Polymers, waxes and plant oils smooth and nourish lips, while jojoba oil and a unique antioxidant complex offer hydration and protective benefits. The applicator tip allows for comfortable and easy application. It's available in a provocative range of red-tint shades, from tart pink to deep brown-noir.
This moisture-rich gloss is infused with Too Faced’s bestselling Lip Injection formula to create the long-term, plumped lip look. Infused with botanicals like jojoba and avocado oil, it helps soften and smooth your lips. 
Color your way to the perfect glow with this custom blush and highlighter palette. It features 10 deluxe, limited-edition blushes in mattes, lusters, and two micro-pearlescent highlighters—all in one complexion-enhancing palette. With its dual-sided design, it curates five warm and five cool shades so you can mix and match with your cheek wardrobe to create the perfect, custom look. The neutral and bold, universal shades spotlight a variety of complexions with a built-in cover for mess-free portability. Powered by tarte’s long-wearing Amazonian clay, the iconic, bestselling formula balances and replenishes skin for 12 hours of fade-free, ultra-pigmented wear.

A set of four limited-edition Amazonian clay 12-hour blushes and custom cruelty-free blush brush. 
A total tarteist™ lip set featuring eight new, creamy matte shades in two giftable boxes. 
Bring the dazzle to your next night out with this exquisite face palette. Create captivating eye looks with the six luxurious eye shadows that deliver sumptuous payoff. Contour and create a glowing look with O!Mega Bronzer, a plush blush in peachy rose, and a limited-edition luminizer in a cool, gold shimmer—all wrapped up in a Marc Jacobs’ metallic gold, vegan patent leather case. Zipped with a swinging tassel, this pouch is so luxe it could double as an evening bag. 
Marc Jacobs Beauty Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Luminizer is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Grand Hotel Café opens to reveal three holiday coffee scented palettes that smell like peppermint mocha, gingerbread coffee, and eggnog latte for a total of 18 matte and shimmer shadows, two perfectly coordinated blushes, a bronzer, and a deluxe size of the bestselling Better Than Sex Mascara. It includes a step-by-step how-to Glamour Guide with three beauty looks to get you started. It’s the perfect gift for any makeup lover this holiday season. 
This festive lip and blush set features a deluxe-size of the Lip Injection Ultimate Lip Plumper, two Lip Injection Glossy lip glosses in deluxe sizes, and three coordinating mini sizes of the Love Flush Long Lasting 16-Hour Blushes—all wrapped up in this pretty package. It includes Lip Injection Glossy lip glosses that deliver ultimate lip sheen and three coordinating mini blushes for flushed cheeks. Treat lips to tints of juicy color with the mini, bestselling Lip Injection Ultimate Lip Plumper, and create a pretty pop of color with Love Flush Long Lasting 16-Hour Blushes in Baby Love, Crazy In Love, and Dream Lover. Give it as one gift or gift each pair separately. 
Too Faced Lip Injection Ultimate Lip Plumper is a Lipgloss. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte Sculpted Cheeks Brush is a Brush.
Marc Jacobs Beauty Tantric is a warm brown with a matte finish that is permanent.
A favorite of Victoria’s, this highlighter can be worn as a strobing accent on the cheekbones and with or without bronzer to create that sweaty-skin look.
This matte bronzer is as natural-looking as it gets, especially when worn beneath the cheekbones for fierce definition. Can also be used all-over for a sun-kissed look.
Estee Lauder Victoria Beckham Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $45.00 and contains 0.12 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A high-shine lip-gloss. Can be worn alone or over the Victoria Lip Pencil or Lipstick. Now in a new sleek vial.
This pressed gel-creme formula is an innovation in eyeshadow. The dense pigment delivers a deep, rich, almost-black shade with a touch of pearl, for a sexy-wet look and feel.
This breakthrough liquid eyeshadow delivers a high-shine, vinyl-like finish—even after it’s dried. Sparkling pearl pigments offer flecks of gold or charcoal foil for a liquid-metal effect.
This formula imparts incredibly creamy color with the staying power of a traditional lip pencil, without dryness.
Six powder eyeshadow shades can be worn wet or dry for a softer or more fierce effect. Innovative dual-purpose pearlized pigments have a translucency that allow them to both reflect and pull light into the formula for a luminous finish.
Estee Lauder Victoria Beckham Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Estee Lauder Bitter Clove is a warm gold with a glitter finish that is limited edition and retails for $45.00 and contains 0.10 oz.
Let your inner beauty shine through with this perfectly sized on-the-go palette for a signature natural look. These can't-live-without matte essentials complement any complexion with a healthy-looking glow, brightened-looking skin, and gorgeously defined eyes. With spectacular shades and beautiful finishes, you can always show the world your best and most beautiful self.
All you ever wanted...and more. One luxurious palette. 12 stunning eyeshadows to rock around every holiday hot spot. These sophisticated neutral shades, in soft matte to rich metallic finishes, provide seamless bendability and pigment-packed color that lasts up to 12 hours. Wear each solo, or layer them together for a multi-dimensional look all your own. Options galore are right before your eyes.
bareMinerals Holiday 2016 Makeup Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $39.00 and contains 0.58 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
bareMinerals Mini Gen Nude Radiant Lipstick Collection is a Lip Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Featuring a 12-shade limited-edition Buxom Eyeshadow Bar palette, including four new diamond-to-coal shades and sultry fan favorites, this collection will give you the must-have, need-now shivers. The primer-infused, powerfully pigmented eyeshadows and mascara for outrageous volume will deliver smoldering looks for eyes that'll stop them in their snowy tracks.
bareMinerals Finishing Powder is a Powder. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Ultra Glossy Lip is a Lipgloss. There are 48 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inspired by urban architecture, this exclusive modern eye palette gives structure to eyes with mirror-like silver, concrete grey and gunmetal blue shadows in matte to shimmery textures. Includes two applicators: a foam tip for blending and a brush for sharp precision.
Chanel Architectonic Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 5 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Transport yourself to the ultimate chocolate shop experience with The Chocolate Shop’s iconic, antioxidant-rich cocoa powder formula—infused into 21 eye shadows, a deluxe-sized Melted Chocolate Liquified Long Wear Lipstick, and a Chocolate Soleil Bronzer. They’re fragranced with the decadent scent of chocolate and they’ll step up your makeup looks with deluxe sizes of the bestselling Better Than Sex Mascara, Shadow Insurance eye shadow primer, the Luminizer highlighter, and a dazzling blush. It also includes a step-by-step guide Glamour Guide so you can effortlessly create three beauty looks. 
This set features six Be Legendary Lipstick shades that can be transformed from cream to a velvety matte in seconds with the no-mess, mattifying gel Insta-Matte Lipstick Transformer. Each lush, pigment-loaded lipstick formula moisturizes and softens lips with shea butter and vitamins C and E. 
Bobbi To Glow Shimmer Brick Palette features Gold, Wild Rose, and Bronze shades for gorgeous radiance to the cheekbones and for an allover glow. Formulated with superfine, light-catching pearl pigments, each shade imparts soft brilliance with a hint of color. The Gold shade brightens and highlights, the Bronze hue adds warmth, and Wild Rose creates a flushed glow. 
Baby it's cold outside! Transport yourself to Too Faced's romantic New York ice-skating rink filled with the delightful vanilla scent of Merry Macarons. This limited edition set includes 12 gorgeous vanilla scented eye shadows in exclusive, party-ready shades plus a deluxe size of Too Faced's bestselling Better Than Sex Mascara for everything you need to be festively fabulous all year long!
Create endless multi-dimensional looks with this palette, featuring three universally flattering shades for the ultimate glow. This beautifully versatile trio of matte and radiant blushes can be worn alone for a subtle flush of radiance, or can be layered to sculpt and infuse light and dimension to the complexion. This highly-blendable palette is the perfect balance of color and light and delivers a shimmering flush like no other. Featuring two bestselling shades, Luminous Blush Snapdragon and Mineral Blush in Songbird, as well as Wisteria—exclusive to the Blushed with Light Palette. 
The MetalMatte Eyeshadow Palette is a mashup of bold colors and must-have textures, celebrating the two sides within everyone—whether it’s soft and romantic, rock ‘n’ roll, or both. The palette’s top row features an explosive lineup of exclusive, never-before-seen metallic shades in Kat Von D’s max-pigment Metal Crush Eyeshadow formula, including Synergy, a bestselling bronze from the original collection. The bottom of the palette is a rainbow array of buttery mattes, in a range of tones—from dark and moody to pastel neutrals—all in Kat’s signature blendable, pigmented eye shadow formula. This palette’s array of tones and textures gives you endless combinations for a number of eye looks. Get inspired by the three fearless tutorials, each with step-by-step instructions. 
Wayne Goss Limited Edition Brush 01 is a Brush.
Let your eyes stand out this holiday seasons with the Artistic Shadow Palette. It features MAKE UP FOR EVER’s coveted, easy-to-use Artist Shadow formula for endless eye looks that range from beautifully natural to dramatically smoky. Its advanced gel-powder formula is blended with ultrafine pigments so that each shade leaves a smooth, even finish. Lids are left looking ultra-saturated with highly-blendable, lasting color. This palette includes illustrated, step-by-step application techniques by MAKE UP FOR EVER’s founder and creative director, Dany Sanz, to help you effortlessly sweep on a number of eye-catching looks. 
Everlasting Liquid Lipstick’s breakthrough formula gives lips long-lasting wear and high-pigment color. Its creamy, color-rich formula glides over lips like a gloss but dries to a true matte finish that feels weightless all day long. It’s infused with natural ingredients—including vitamin E and sunflower seed—so you can flaunt lasting matte color that leaves lips feeling comfortable.
Introducing the limited edition Runway Palette, an illuminating powder for face and eyes. Inspired by the floral embroidery from the Burberry Womenswear February 2016 runway show, the luminous gold powder is set in an intricate design, capturing the embellished nature of the collection. Infused with micronised pearls, the silky-smooth powder can be used as a highlighter to illuminate the complexion, leaving skin with a luminous glow, or to add a delicate touch of shimmer to the eyes. The buildable texture enables a customisable finish.
MICA, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, ZINC STEARATE, SILICA, DIMETHICONE, ALUMINUM CALCIUM
SODIUM SILICATE, CALCIUM SODIUM BOROSILICATE, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, HEXYLENE GLYCOL,
ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, PHENOXYETHANOL, TIN OXIDE. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR [+/-:
TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDE (CI 77499)]
A limited edition collection of shadows in elegant shades from shimmering to matte, inspired by the spellbinding glittering beauty of a woman. An array of colors and textures highlight and define eyes.
The legendary palette bears the sequin motif inspired by the work of the Haute Couture ateliers. The texture blends into the lids and sculpts the eyes with pearly light and dense ultra-pigmented shadow. A texture that deposits an ultra-pigmented veil with no powdery effect.
Dior Splendor Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford innovation meets lip artistry in this dual lip color and shaping tool. On one end, the slim and sleek pencil features a lip shaper to enhance and define lips. On the opposite end is a full-coverage, slim stick lip color. Use them together to add dimension, shape and create an ombré effect on your lips.
Tom Ford Beauty Lip Contour Duo Lip Color is a Lipstick. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tom Ford Beauty Lip Contour Lip Shaper is a Lip Liner. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Moon Matte Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Ultra fine pearls ensure a refined glow that never looks glittery on the skin. This powder has a creamy texture that is ultra-blendable and never looks dry. Available in three global shade, it ensures that every skintone can find their perfect highlight so you can achieve the most radiant, light-reflecting glow. This powder can also be swept across the shoulders and decolléte for a buttery skin finish. 
The beloved highlighter from Pro Sculpting Duo is now available on its own. This innovative luminizer naturally enhances and highlights your very best features. The secret is the unique silky-smooth and soft-shimmer gel-powder that instantly transforms the contours of your face to reveal a soft, highlighted look. With an undetectable texture, subtle sheen, and ultimate blendability, you can instantly and effortlessly give the face a reshaped appearance. Use it many different ways—to highlight or simply give skin a subtle, radiant-looking glow. This new talc-free formula is available in a choice of two shimmering shades: Golden Pink for light-to-medium skintones and Gold for medium-to-dark skintones.
Includes eight mini Audacious Lipsticks: Sarah, Anita, Marlene, Rita, Olivia, Sandra, Charlotte, Bette.
Six Dual Intensity Eyeshadows–I, II, III, IV, V, VI–and three Dual-Intensity Blushes–I, II, and III. Exclusive to Sephora.
NARS Eyeshadow Palette (Holiday 2016) is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Mini Velvet Lip Glide Coffret (Holiday 2016) is a Lip Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.72 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Touch Up Kit (Holiday 2016) is a Cheek Palette that retails for $65.00 and contains 0.72 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Cheek & Lip Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $59.00 and contains 0.56 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This set has a rich assortment of shades, including two luscious reds, one poppy pink, and a deep berry. Matte Crème Lip Crayons help protect and seal in moisture while providing a water-resistant layer on the surface of the lips. These long wearing, creamy crayons impart rich, wearable color while delivering a delicious burst of citrus scent upon application. 
NARS Audacious Lip & Nail Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.66 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
NARS Velvet Shadow Stick Set is a Eye Palette that retails for $49.00 and contains 0.09 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Liquid Velvet™ Moisturizing Matte Liquid Lipstick combines highly-pigmented, gorgeous matte, long-wearing lip color with hyaluronic acid for its intense lip-conditioning benefits so that lips appear fuller, while feeling more supple and smooth. The creamy, non-drying lip formula is infused with Ciaté London’s proprietary blend of moisturizing PlushPigment™, and it features high-performance pigments that glide on to lips for bold color and extreme hold. The innovative precision tip effortlessly lines and fills in lips for perfect application. 
The Festive Mini Lip Velvet Set features four lip colors in gold packaging. Each richly pigmented lip color glides on effortlessly, delivering a creamy, soft-matte finish with elegant and bold, full coverage in one stroke. These lightweight, comfortable lipsticks deliver defined shape and continuous color with a lasting, velvet finish. This exclusive collection includes four of Burberry’s bestselling shades: Oxblood No.437, Damson No.425, Nude Rose No.405, and Military Red No.429. 
It's universal shades make the Chloe Morello Beauty Haul the perfect gift for anyone. The fearlessly fabulous YouTube phenomenon, Chloe Morello, has joined forces with the Ciaté London team this season to bring you her ultimate makeup must-haves. This amazing beauty haul includes a 15-shade Pretty Fun and Fearless Eye Shadow Collection in an array of bestselling Ciaté London shades, as well as a selection of shadows carefully curated by Chloe herself. This set also features a mini of Ciaté London's bestselling Liquid Velvet™ - Moisturizing Matte Liquid Lipstick in the bestselling shade, Pin Up and a mini Wonderwand Mascara in Black Magic. These products are housed in a gorgeous, rose gold and deep purple makeup pouch to make it easy to store these beauty essentials wherever you go. 
Ciate Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 62 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Get edgy, gorgeous makeup looks with the Gritty & Glow Magnetic Eye and Face Palette. These two palettes feature six shades that are formulated with tiny pearl particles for the most elegant, glistening sheen. These silky-soft, creamy formulas are designed to be super blendable for easy application. The two mirrored compacts are also magnetic so they can be clicked together for easy portability. 
The Estee Edit Gritty Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Estee Edit Snowlit is a warm gold with a frost finish that is limited edition.
Bring on the party with Lorac's limited edition Cue the Confetti Highlighter & Blush Palette with Brush! Complete your look with this set that includes Light Source Illuminating Highlighter in Spotlight, a trio of Color Source Buildable Blush favorites in Tinge, Vivid and Technicolor, and a gorgeous rose gold blush brush.
MAC Magic Dust Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow that retails for $23.00. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Magic Dust Powder is a Highlighter that retails for $28.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This is one attraction that’s impossible to resist. M∙A∙C Spellbinder Shadow creates mesmerizing eyes with the deepest, most mysterious shades, clinging to lids like pure velvet. Black, ionized pigments are magnetically charged, fusing the loose powder together so it magically maintains its form and dimension. Hexing hues pull you in, casting their spell in blackened emerald, cobalt and teal, as the metallic finish captivates all that crosses its path.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Eye Compact is a Eye Palette that retails for $39.50 and contains 0.27 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Face Compact is a Cheek Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Lip Bag is a Lip Palette that retails for $39.50. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Essential Brush Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $35.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC 217SE Blending Brush is a Brush.
MAC 266SE Small Angle Brush is a Brush.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Brush Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $52.50. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC 188SE Small Duo Fiber Brush is a Brush.
MAC 159SE Duo Fiber Blush Brush is a Brush.
MAC 298SE Duo Fiber Eyeshadow Brush is a Brush.
MAC 283/286SE Duo Fiber Small Eyeshadow/Tapered Blending Brush is a Brush.
MAC 190SE Foundation Brush is a Brush.
MAC 129SE Powder/Blush Brush is a Brush.
MAC 213SE Fluff Brush is a Brush.
MAC 209SE Eye Liner Brush is a Brush.
MAC 316SE Lip Brush is a Brush.
MAC 168SE Large Angled Contour Brush is a Brush.
MAC 193SE Angled Foundation Brush is a Brush.
MAC 221SE Mini Tapered Blending Brush is a Brush.
MAC 212SE Flat Definer Brush is a Brush.
MAC 204SE Lash Brush is a Brush.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Eye Bag is a Eye Palette that retails for $42.50 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Lip Duo is a Lip Palette that retails for $32.00. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Lip Compact is a Lip Palette that retails for $25.00.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Mineralize Kit is a Makeup Palette that retails for $55.00 and contains 0.46 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Retro Matte Kit is a Lip Palette that retails for $45.00. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Lip Gloss Kit is a Lip Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Bronze that is limited edition and retails for $35.00 and contains 0.28 oz.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Lipstick Kit is a Lip Palette that retails for $35.00 and contains 0.24 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Nutcracker Sweet Patentpolish Kit is a Lip Palette that retails for $35.00. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
When color is your drug of choice, you know where to get the good stuff. Satisfy your color addiction with Full Spectrum, a limited-edition set featuring 21 shades of our iconic Eyeshadow (the most ever in any UD palette!)—from bold brights to matte white.
We organized the shadows by color family, creating a rainbow of ombré trios: pinks, oranges, yellows, greens, blues, purples, and even a wildcard row that goes from white to black. The end result? A palette that not only looks stunning, but also delivers tons of options. Create dimensional ombré looks by working within the color-coordinated trios or experiment with multiple shade groups at once. With 18 NEW shades, three exclusives from past palettes, and a wide range of finishes, you’ll never run out of options. In 2015, we launched Urban Spectrum Eyeshadow Palette in limited quantities, and people freaked out trying to get their hands on it. And if you thought that palette was amazing, you’ll be blown away by Full Spectrum. This set ups the ante with our BIGGEST, most colorful palette yet! From super-smooth mattes to shimmer-laced shades, this palette has something for EVERY color junkie.
Bite Beauty Amuse Bouche Lipstick Duo is a Lip Palette that retails for $14.00 and contains 0.10 oz. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Luxury Eyeshadow comes individually in 26mm square magnetic pans. They are packaged & shipped in sturdy handmade envelopes. Each pan is labeled with the name on the bottom for the best possible custom palette experience. 
A pro-level, everyday eyeshadow palette with 20 ultra-pigmented shades powered by naturally-derived ingredients.
Transformation is only a swipe away with the new M∙A∙C Studio QuikTrik Stick. Offering endless options for highlighting, contouring, bronzing or just adding the perfect pop of colour, these double-ended multi-use chubby sticks debut in smart shades to enhance your look anywhere, any way you choose – and so portable too! Who doesn’t love a little face time? Any way you swipe is just right!
MAC QuikTrik Stick is a Blush. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A multi-use featherweight drop formula which can be used alone for an enhanced highlighting effect or added to your favorite beauty products to impart a radiant glow.
A highlighting powder softly illuminates the face anddécolleté with a shimmering, pearlescent glow.
A duo of serum highlighting drops in universal shades that capture and diffuse light for a soft focus, illuminated complexion.
Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Trioctydodecyl Citrate, Octyldodecanol, Ozokerite, Kaolin, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-1, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Cetyl Palmitate, Myristyl Lactate, Beeswax, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Microcrystalline Wax, Trihydroxstearin, Squalane, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexyl Metoxycinnamate, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil (and) Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil (and) Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethyl Vanillin, May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Mica, Iron Oxides, Red 6 Lake, Red 7 Lake, Red 28 Lake, Red 30 Lake, Red 36, Yellow 5 Lake, Yellow 6 Lake, Blue 1 Lake.
Whether you double or triple dip for a customized glow or choose one powder to highlight, just a sweep lights up your look with naturally luminous shimmer. An included double-ended baked highlighter brush makes application a breeze.
Tarte PRO Glow Palette is a Cheek Palette that retails for $45.00 and contains 1.05 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte PRO Glow Highlighter is a Highlighter. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte PRO Glow Cream Contour is a Contour. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Tarte PRO Glow Contour is a Contour. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
This ultra-smooth, weightless formula combines the intensity of a stain with the mirror-like shine of a gloss. The flat, sponge-tip applicator delivers multidimensional pigment neatly and precisely. Wear it alone or layer with lipstick to create a custom look.
A moisturizer that boosts the look of dull skin and luminizes with iridescent particles.
With 18 New Shades, 2 Never seen before textures and a novel concept that will help you create a multitude of gorgeous eye looks easily - Natasha Denona's new Star Palette is out of this world!
Natasha Denona Creamy Matte Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 34 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Natasha Denona Crystal Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 10 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Hydrogenated Polycyclopentadiene, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, C10-18 Triglycerides, Caprylyl Glycol, Polyethylene, Phenoxyethanol, Tin Oxide, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Dehydroacetic Acid, Hexylene Glycol, Disodium Edta, Tocopherol+/- Silica, Mica, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 75470 (Carmine). 
Raising the bar with her unique eye shades, she’s created a palette of highly saturated mattes, chrome pressed pearls, and 3D metal shadows. Easily buildable, the shades deliver maximum payoff for easy on-the-go, or bold metallic and smoky looks. Consider it an accessory for your eyes, no matter what the mood or occasion. An ode to Huda’s favorite metallic, the sophisticated Rose Gold, this exclusive, timeless collection will be your next go-to palette.

Eye impact! High intensity mineral shadows that care for your eyelids. A quartet of satin, matte and iridescent finishes line, contour and define in harmonious shades with results that are smooth, crease-free and long-lasting. Mix and blend for any desired effect. 3 color-rich palettes: 01 nude: beige pink, peach pink, beige iridescent, dark brown; 02 rosewood: light pink, beige pink, gray amethyst, fig; 03 brown: light beige, taupe, brown lamé, hot dark brown.
Welcome to the House of Nirvana. An addictive blend of alluring violet, sensual sandalwood, and rich vanilla, Elizabeth and James Nirvana Black strikes the perfect balance of masculine and feminine. The luxurious body oil replenishes skin for beautiful radiance, while the scented hand lotion nourishes the skin with essential minerals. The first of its kind, the dry shampoo fragrance refreshes, volumizes, and softly perfumes hair without leaving any residue behind. Finally, the alluring scented candle captures the essence of Nirvana Black to fragrance and illuminate. This is truly Nirvana at its very best.
Elizabeth and James Nirvana Black is an addictive blend of alluring violet, sensual sandalwood, and rich vanilla that strike the perfect balance between masculine and feminine.
Launched in 2007, Elizabeth and James embodies the duality of sophistication and feminine detail balanced with downtown edge and masculine tailoring. The fashion brand's contemporary-yet-timeless aesthetic offers the modern girl clothing and accessories that make stylish everyday dressing effortless.
Ashley and Mary-Kate wanted the signature fragrance for Elizabeth and James to embody the same sense of duality inherent to their partnership and the brand. The result was not one, but two blends—distinctly different, but undeniably connected.
This fine fragrance dry shampoo combines hair-refreshing technology with the warm and sensual fragrance of Nirvana Black. The multitasking water-free micro powder is enriched with natural rice starch to absorb oils instantly while adding body and texture to all hair types, leaving hair feeling fresh and clean without any residue. Lightly perfumed with Nirvana Black's addictive blend of alluring violet, sensual sandalwood, and rich vanilla, Nirvana Black Dry Shampoo is fortified with style-extending proteins, rose root extract for antioxidant protection, and pro-vitamin B to nourish the hair for strength, shine, and bounce. 
Create Nirvana throughout the home with this luxury candle inspired by the signature Nirvana Black fragrance. An aromatic and addictive blend of alluring violet, sensual sandalwood, and rich vanilla strikes the perfect balance between masculine and feminine. The candle is housed in a beautiful black glass vase and has a burn time of approximately 55 hours. Nirvana starts at home.
Elizabeth and James Hand Cream is a Body.
Elizabeth and James Body Oil is a Body.
Create full coverage lip looks with this lightweight, liquid-to-matte lip paint. It dries down instantly with no transferring, and the comfortflex formula means it moves with your lips without drying out, cracking or feathering. With the easy applicator wand, you can line and shade lips with high-impact, opaque matte color in 20 nude and bold shades powered by concentrated mineral pigments for all-day vibrancy and comfortable wear. 
An audacious eye palette, inspired by multifaceted reflections of gold, concealed in a luxurious case recalling gold leaf art. Prisme Quatuor is customized for the 2016 Christmas Collection in a surprising palette of high intensity colors inspired by echoes of gold. Four shades of gold, of dazzling depth and shimmering radiance, creating a mirror effect that intensifies the color. All complementary, these eyeshadows can be blended together to create a new, personal expression of gold. Even more density and brilliance is achieved by wetting them. A black base will further magnify the precious gold. 
Givenchy Palette Ors Audacieux Eye Shadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Hello Kitty Makeup Set is a Makeup Palette that retails for $42.00 and contains 0.71 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Hello Kitty Super Shock Shadow Set is a Eye Palette that retails for $18.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Dyson Supersonic™ hair dryer has intelligent heat control technology, which helps prevent extreme heat damage to protect hair’s natural shine. The temperature is measured 20 times a second and transmits this data to the microprocessor, which intelligently controls the patented compact heating element from reaching extreme, hair damaging temperatures. The powerful tool moves over 13 liters of air every second. Combined with Dyson’s patented Air Multiplier™ technology, air is amplified threefold, creating a high pressure, focused jet of air for controlled, precise, drying and styling. The digital motor V9 is on average six times faster, a third of the weight, and half the size of other hair dryer motors. Due to its compact size, Dyson was able to put the motor in the handle, making the dryer feel balanced in your hands.
Dyson has created three precisely engineered magnetic attachments with 16 patents pending, to further control the airflow, allowing you to effortlessly achieve a range of different styles. The smoothing nozzle uses smooth, wide air for a sleek finish, while the styling concentrator is for precise styling to shape hair one section at a time without worrying about disturbing the rest. The diffuser disperses air evenly around curls to gently dry hair and improve definition. With heat shield technology, the surfaces of the attachments stay cool—even during close-up styling.
The Dyson Supersonic also has a removable filter at the bottom of the dryer that notifies you when it needs to be cleaned. It features four heat settings, three airflow settings, a cold shot, and ionizer, all with 1600 watts of power. This product comes with a professional-length nine-feet power cord and a two-year warranty on parts and labor. 
Lip Foil features three-dimensional, ultra-fine mica that reflects a vibrant, reflective-foil finish in a range of stunning shades—from bronzed neutral to shimmering peach and pink, to sparkling plum. Glide it onto your lips for a smooth, even application and brilliant, elegant color.
Colour Pop Holiday 2016 Sets is a Lip Palette that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Colour Pop Kiss and Tell is a Eye Palette.
Colour Pop Holiday 2016 Trios is a Makeup Palette that retails for $16.00 and contains 0.25 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
LORAC Black Tie Attire that is limited edition and retails for $18.00 and contains 0.41 oz.
Inspired by the meticulous craftsmanship and rich textures of iconic Chanel Ready-to-Wear creations, this exclusive palette reveals a harmony of exquisite shadows in three shades laced with gold. The soft, silky texture leaves an even, luminous finish.
Chanel Ombres Lamées de Chanel Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
With a stunning array of warm to cool pigments, the Narsissist Unfiltered Cheek Palette sculpts, shapes, and glows with a covetable wardrobe of high-impact matte and shimmer blushes. The limited-edition set offers richly pigmented, micronized formulas for sheer, buildable color. 
Cover Shot: Eye Palettes swipe on highly pigmented, beyond blendable color for endless eye looks. Smashbox popped in two bigger base shades so you won’t run out of basics before you’ve used all the high-impact accent colors. You’ll be obsessed with the velvety, wearable quality of these shadows—not to mention the hot new eye looks they inspire. 
You’ll be obsessed with the velvety, wearable quality of these shadows—not to mention the hot new eye looks they inspire. 
For eyes that sparkle, Lancome presents 4, ultra-pigmented shades in a new, limited edition delicate & creamy formula. Upon application, the fomula has a smoothing effect on the eyelid and does not crease.
Polished radiance is essential to the TOM FORD face. The lightweight, liquid texture can be used on any skin tone to create ultimate luminosity. Pearlescent glow highlights and defines bone structure, creating perfectly balanced symmetry. blends flawlessly onto skin for instant glow. Blends easily into TOM FORD liquid foundation for a contoured look (sold separately). Light is softened and diffused for a smooth finish. Packaged in an easy-to-use piston pump.
The delectable White Chocolate Chip Palette features 11 antioxidant-rich, cocoa powder-infused shades with a signature chocolate scent. With a confection of pastels, creamy nudes, and a pop of black, these high-pigment eyeshadows offer true color payoff and a silky smooth finish. 
A limited-edition blush palette with the illuminating effects of Ambient Strobe Lighting Powder fused with blush pigments for glowing color and a natural-looking, radiant finish. 
MICA, DIMETHICONE, SYNTHETIC WAX, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC
TRIGLYCERIDE, BORON NITRIDE, PTFE, KAOLIN, SODIUM
DEHYDROACETATE, ISOEICOSANE, POLYETHYLENE, SILICA,
HYDROGENATED LECITHIN. MAY CONTAIN / PEUT CONTENIR [+/-
TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163), IRON
OXIDES (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), CARMINE (CI 75470), MANGANESE
VIOLET (CI 77742), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850)]
Lasting wear meets hydration for a completely new liquid lipstick sensation with Le Marc Liquid Lip Crème. The indulgent creaminess this lipstick is now available in a luxurious liquid formula that glides onto lips so that they stay looking plump and full all day long. Formulated with Brazilian cupuaçu butter and collagen, the rich, creamy texture always feels cushiony, and lips never appear lined or cracked. Featuring a range of bold nudes and a delicate vanilla scent, each stroke of the velvety doe-foot applicator delivers unexpected, full, nude coverage with a subtle, satin sheen.
The Artist Acrylip is a versatile lip formula inspired by the high pigment of acrylic paint. The stunning colors glide on with the ease of a gloss and the wear time of a lipstick. Ranging from a soft wash of color to an intensely layered look, the non-sticky, non-drying formula feels completely weightless for optimal comfort. The innovative cushion applicator delivers 10 captivating shades with precision.
Chequered and cheeky! The Illuminating Blush from Catrice combines two different color intensities - a subtle shimmer and a light pearl. This accentuates the cheekbones as well as giving your complexion definition and a soft glow! Not tested on animals.
Colour Pop Holiday 2016 Lip Bundle is a Lip Palette that retails for $15.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
The Tarteist Pro To Go Highlight & Contour Palette delivers the perfect glow with three pigments designed to enhance all skin tones. Each carefully selected, universally flattering hue has a rich undertone that mimics real shadow and light reflection on the face for natural-looking, chiseled definition. The matte contour powder sculpts a gorgeous look, while two intense highlighting powders deliver buildable shimmer for a strobing effect. Each fade-free shade can be layered or worn alone for a radiant, long-wear finish. 
Dior Capture Totale Dreamskin Perfect Skin Cushion Broad Spectrum SPF 50 is a Foundation that retails for $82.00 and contains 0.50 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Aqua (Water), Dimethicone, Talc, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polypropylene, Isododecane, Cetyl PEG / PPG-10 / 1 Dimethicone, Nylon-12, HDI / Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Sodium Chloride, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Glycerin, Magnesium Sulfate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Methicone, Ethylhexylglycerin, Silica, Aluminum Hydroxide, Propylene Carbonate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Benzoic Acid, Parfum (Fragrance), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide).
Chanel Le Teint Ultra Tenue is a Foundation that retails for $60.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 16 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure Gold Gold Radiance Foundation SPF 30 is a Foundation that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 6 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure Gold Gold Radiance Foundation SPF 31 is a Foundation that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure Gold Gold Radiance Foundation SPF 32 is a Foundation that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure Gold Gold Radiance Foundation SPF 33 is a Foundation that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Guerlain Parure Gold Gold Radiance Foundation SPF 34 is a Foundation that retails for $80.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butyloctyl Salicylate, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Silica, Glycerin, Cyclohexasiloxane, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Caprylyl Methicone, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Aluminum Hydroxide, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Stearic Acid, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Hexyl Laurate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Magnesium Sulfate, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Quaternium-18 Bentonite, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Disodium EDTA, Butylene Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Disodium EDTA, Butylene Glycol, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Punica Granatum Seed Oil, Cholesterol, Niacinamide, Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid, Colloidal Oatmeal, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Water, Lactobacillus/Honeysuckle Flower/Licorice Root/Morus Alba Root/Pueraria Lobata Root/Schizandra Chinensis Fruit/Scutellaria Baicalensis Root/Sophora Japonica Flower Extract Ferment Filtrate, Perfluorohexane, Olea Europaea (Olive) Leaf Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Chrysanthemum Indicum flower Extract, Magnolia Kobus Bark Extract, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Sprout Extract, Cinnamomum Cassia Bark Extract, Artemisia princeps Leaf Extract, Diospyros Kaki Leaf Extract, Morus Alba Fruit Extract, Pueraria Lobata Root Extract, Perfluorodecalin, Pentafluoropropane, Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) Root Extract, Steareth-20, Hydrolyzed Silk, Citric Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, N-Hydroxysuccinimide, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Caprylhydroxamic Acid, Carnitine HCl, Folic Acid, Niacin, Ascorbic Acid, Biotin, Thiamine HCl, Retinyl Palmitate, Riboflavin, Pantothenic Acid, Tocopherol, Chrysin , Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Chlorhexidine Digluconate. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Zinc Oxide (CI 77947), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, SILICA, PHENYL TRIMETHICONE, BEESWAX (CERA ALBA), RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL, EUPHORBIA CERIFERA (CANDELILLA) WAX, OZOKERITE, C12-15 ALKYL BENZOATE, COPERNICIA CERIFERA (CARNAUBA) WAX, ARNICA MONTANA FLOWER EXTRACT, CAMELLIA OLEIFERA LEAF EXTRACT, GLYCINE SOJA (SOYBEAN) OIL, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, PROPYLENE CARBONATE, STEARALKONIUM HECTORITE, TRIBEHENIN, CERAMIDE 2, PEG-10 RAPESEED STEROL, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, TOCOPHEROL, MICROCRYSTALLINE CELLULOSE, BUTYLPARABEN, PROPYLPARABEN. MAY CONTAIN (+/-): TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES
-Octinoxate 7.5% -Titanium Dioxide 1.9% Declustered Water (-) De-Structuree (-), Declustered Water (+) De-Structuree (+), Cyclopentasiloxane, Isododecane, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Polysilicone-11, Polymethyl Methacrylate, Coco-Ca
Tom Ford Beauty Waterproof Foundation & Concealer is a Foundation that retails for $82.00 and contains 1.00 oz. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
beautyblender Flash Focus Hydrating FoundatioN Stick is a Foundation that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.32 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Long-Wear Even Finish Compact is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 20 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Inspired by the gorgeous texture and opulent colors of the world-renowned Fortuny silks, Chantecaille introduces Luster Glide Silk Infused Eye Liner. A groundbreaking formula, this beautifully soft liner captures the saturated, ultra-gliding application of a liquid in a sharpenable pencil. Transfer-proof and long-wearing. Rich hues offer excellent color payoff and a sophisticated shine. Versatile formula doubles as an eye liner or eye shadow.
Skin Equalizer triples the power of your foundation: easier application, optimized makeup result, improved wear.
This retractable pencil has a unique, triangular tip that can be used three different ways to outline and fill brows. 
Gotta love us some bold nudes & kiss proof color that is both matte and creamy. Intense Matte Color Lip + Cheek Pencil is a soft, non-drying matte lipstick, lip liner, and cheek blush all-in-one pencil – taking your lip look from day to night so you can go matte, but better. These fun and sassy touch'n'go makeup stix are so easy to leave ith its über longwearing formula, plus it's waterproof, kiss-proof, and non- feathering for up to 6 hours. Its intense pigment load and color provides maximum smooth coverage that can easily take any lip look from the boardroom to the boardwalk. Go matte, but better!
Enhance your lip look with Givenchy's Rouge Interdit Vinyl Color Enhancing Lipstick. This unique formula is infused with black rose oil, a rare and precious active ingredient that delivers extreme moisture and comfort to the lips for hours. It is combined with a silicone resin that forms a shiny, thin, and supple film on the lips' surface for a second-skin feel. Lips are left with a â€œvinylâ€ radiance and a filling effect: lips instantly appear fuller, smoother, and denser. Each high-shine color blurs away all the lips' tiniest imperfections and reflects the light, and its slick case features a metallic, satin ribbon design that's inspired by the House's fashion designs.
AERIN Beauty Rose Balm lipstick delivers the perfect pop of color to your pout while protecting your lips and sealing in moisture.
Unleash the light within or dare to discover your dark side with a Colorlicious shade from our Star Wars Limited Edition Collection. This deliciously rich lipstick is infused with shea butter for long-lasting color in 3 light side and 3 dark side shades. Promotes lasting color. Safe for sensitive skin. 
Lipstick Pencil is an intense color with a long-lasting and ultra comfortable application. Available in shiny and matte formulations, it immediately soothes and softens the lips when applies. Long-lasting textures, available in the four essential ranges of your emotional library: fantasy, drama, romance and poetry.
Our stick lipstick formula has one swipe coverage and packs a punch! Satin finish. Extreme pigment. Smells like creamsicle ice cream. Can be used with any lip liner or worn by itself. This product is 100% vegan & cruelty-free! (tips before use: exfoliate with lip scrub then apply to bare lips!)
A perfectly textured lip pencil designed to outline, define and enhance the natural shape of the lip. Firm enough to draw a precise thin line, yet soft enough to blend the creamy formula glides on smoothly and comfortably. Prolongs wear of all lip colours by applying a lip pencil first - helps prevent lip colour from bleeding, feathering, or collecting in corner.
A perfectly textured lip pencil designed to outline, define and enhance the natural shape of the lip. Firm enough to draw a precise thin line, yet soft enough to blend the creamy formula glides on smoothly and comfortably. Prolongs wear of all lip colours by applying a lip pencil first - helps prevent lip colour from bleeding, feathering, or collecting in corner.
Essence Lip Liner glides on smoothly and precisely to ensure perfect lip contours and endless hours of lipstick fun. The wooden lip liner is ideal for smudge-proof and long-lasting lip makeup.
Wayne Goss Brush 16 is a Brush that retails for $33.00.
Aqua / Water / Eau, Propylene Glycol, Styrene / Acrylates / Ammonium Methacrylate Copolymer, Polyurethane-35, Cera Alba / Beeswax / Cire Dabeille, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Glyceryl Stearate, Cetyl Alcohol, PEG-200 Glyceryl Stearate, Ethylenediamine / Stearyl Dimer Dilinoleate Copolymer, Copernicia Cerifera Cera / Carnauba Wax / Cire de Carnauba, Stearic Acid, Palmitic Acid, Ethylene / VA Copolymer, Alcohol Denat., Paraffin, Aminomethyl Propanediol, Glycerin, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Disodium EDTA, Tetrasodium EDTA, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Silica. May Contain: CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides, CI 77007 / Ultramarines, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, Mica, CI 75470 / Carmine, CI 77288 / Chromium Oxide Greens, CI 77742 / Manganese Violet, CI 77510 / Ferric Ferrocyanide.
This best-selling ombré blush is your blush and highlighter in one, and gives your skin a naturally pretty flush of color in just one sweep! Developed with plastic surgeons and infused with proprietary Drops of Light Technologyª, the talc-free powder formula transforms from matte to radiant, letting you customize your results for the perfect combination of brightening color and soft luminosity. While long-lasting, color-correcting pigments keep your skin tone flawlessly even all day, anti-aging peptides, antioxidants, silk and hydrolyzed collagen bring your most beautiful complexion to life! Available in three universally flattering shades, this buildable blush blends effortlessly onto bare skin or over makeup to give you a natural-looking, youthful pop of color that lasts.
Discover your best-selling, award-winning Bye Bye Poresª formulaÑnow infused with optical blurring pigments! This game-changing, one-of-a-kind powder blush delivers sheer, buildable color and contains proprietary Bye Bye Pores Optical Blurring Technologyª to instantly diffuse the look of pores and discoloration. Talc-free and perfect for all skin tones and types, itÕs loaded with anti-aging, skin-loving ingredients including silk, hydrolyzed collagen, antioxidants and peptides to give you a youthful flush of brightening color that awakens your entire complexion!
Experience the best-selling CC+ª Vitality Brightening Crme BlushÑnow in ITÕs signature Je Ne Sais Quoiª shade, your perfect pink! Also available in Naturally Prettyª, your natural flush of color, this game-changing blush is formulated with anti-aging peptides, collagen, silk, antioxidants and Drops of Light Technologyª to instantly diffuse the look of imperfections and give your skin a youthful, lit-from-within glow. ItÕs your quickest way to look younger and bring out your most beautiful you!
Airbrush Blush Stain is the first ever airbrush silk cheek stain infused into a powder! Developed with plastic surgeons, this hydrating, brightening and Anti-Aging blush gives the perfect naturally pretty flush of color to the cheeks that blends easily like a powder with the long wear of a stain.This truly innovative formula contains ingredients that hydrate, condition, and nourish your skin while warding off free-radicals all day long. It delivers a naturally pretty flush of color to the cheeks that lasts all day long, gives that lit from within glow, and doesnÕt come off until you take it off! The cutting edge long-wear, silk powder stain is Talc-free so it never clings to fine lines and wrinkles, plus it gives you that glow of a stain, without any of the side effects of liquid stains such as skin sensitivity. It also won’t disturb the finish of your foundation! Utilizing Anti-Aging ingredients including Hydrolyzed Collagen, and Vitamins A, C, E & K, this superfine airbrush blush stain helps treat skin with Anti-Aging benefits that gives that perfect touch of vitality while blurring away the look of imperfections. The naturally pretty formula is developed without Talc, Parabens, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Mineral Oil, Petrolatum, Synthetic Fragrance and Phthalates.
IT Cosmetics Vitality Flush Stain Lip & Cheek Reviver is a Lip Stain.
Perfect for all your favorite cream and powder blushes, this glamorous, French boutique-inspired brush delivers a youthful flush of color with each skin-loving sweep! Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª synthetic hair, the angled, precision-cut brush head effortlessly hugs the curves of your cheeks for a soft-focus, naturally pretty finish every time. Plus, the feminine yet easy-to-grip handle helps do the work for you, giving you your most luxurious experienceÑand flawless results!
Experience your most youthful, natural-looking, sun-kissed skin! Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this game-changing, talc-free matte bronzer is infused with proprietary Drops of Light Technologyª to add instant radiance without any glitter or shimmer, just skin-perfecting vitality and an airbrushed finish. Ideal for all skin types and tones, it never settles into fine lines and wrinklesÑand treats your skin with anti-aging hydrolyzed collagen, peptides, silk and antioxidants while blurring away the look of pores and imperfections. Use on both your face and body for an all-over, flawlessly airbrushed glow!
Beautifully warms up the look of your skin and imparts a sun-kissed glow with a universal shade that delivers full, flawless, perfect coverage, while protecting your skin with one-of-a-kind UVA/UVB broad spectrum physical-only SPF 50+. Clinically shown to increase skin hydration by 179% and improve skin texture, this breakthrough color-correcting bronzing cream never creases, never cracks and instantly camouflages skin imperfections including dark spots. Plus it’s infused with an advanced anti-aging serum made of hydrolyzed collagen, peptides, vitamins and antioxidants that work in harmony to diffuse the look of wrinkles, minimize pores and give you a golden, supple and flawless-looking complexion. IT's your anti-aging, hydrating formula infused with breakthrough bronzing, color-correcting and nourishing ingredients, including niacin, algae, vitamins A, C, B and E and hyaluronic acid.
Finishes the complexion with a gorgeous warmth, vitality glow in an innovative, Anti-Aging airbrushed bronzer, that doesnÕt make the skin look aged like most powders. Packed with Anti-Aging ingredients and gives a true airbrushed look that works on all ages! Delivers a face-perfecting vitality warm glow and airbrushed effect. It absorbs oil and shine, and blurs away the look of pores, without settling into lines and wrinkles. It also sets makeup and helps to diffuse the appearance of wrinkles and pores instantly. Developed with leading plastic surgeons, and using Anti-Aging ingredients including Hydrolyzed Collagen and Vitamins A, C, E & K, this award-winning micro-bronzing powder helps treat skin with Anti- Aging benefits and give a more youthful radiance while blurring away the look of imperfections and diffuses the look of lines and wrinkles. Gives that perfect hint of added warmth and vitality healthy glow on all skin tones and types. Formulated without Talc, Parabens, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Mineral Oil, Petrolatum, Synthetic Fragrance and Phthalates.
The unique, wide design of this brush is the perfect tool to give bronzer an airbrushed look. It is ultra soft and picks up the perfect amount of product to allow for speed in application as it will cover a wider area of skin in a short amount of time. ItÕs also the perfect brush to apply body makeup such as illuminizers and bronzers. Developed to give women the perfect tool for a flawless, luxurious bronzer application to both the face and body.
An ultra-luxurious, ultra-plush all over powder brush that provides for a flawless airbrushed application. This high-quality synthetic brush is ultra-luxurious in feel. The soft-touch rubberized jumbo handle makes application easy and enjoyable. The ultra high brush hair count makes for the most effective distribution of powder for an airbrushed finish, delivering a beautiful application in minimal time. This brush is perfect for anyone who wants a flawless powder application for a smooth, even, airbrushed look. It provides anyone that just wants to experience an amazingly soft feeling of luxury on their skin with ultra relaxation.
Developed with plastic surgeons, this revolutionary, pore-erasing, anti-aging skin perfector instantly blurs the look of pores, fine lines, wrinkles and uneven texture while hydrating and treating your skin! Infused with powerful skin-loving ingredients including Moroccan lava clay, colloidal clay, purifying charcoal, papaya fruit extract, hydrolyzed collagen, hyaluronic acid, peptides and niacinÑplus exclusive Bye Bye Pores Optical Blurring TechnologyªÑthe velvety, weightless formula glides on effortlessly to neutralize and correct, minimize shine and create a smooth barrier for flawless makeup application. Non-clogging, oil-free and translucent, itÕs also perfect for all skin types and tones!
A true beauty breakthrough. Multi-tasking, concentrated, hydrating primer and serum in one. Infused with more than 50 beneficial ingredients to nurture your skin and lock in moisture as it prepares it for flawless makeup application. The innovative formula is quickly absorbed to hydrate your skin without the greasy feel of typical primers. Prepares your skin for make-up application all while diffusing the appearance of visible pores and without the product settling into lines and wrinkles. Includes 10 essential oils and butters, 10 nourishing botanicals, 30 fruit and plant-based extracts plus powerful antioxidants and vitamins including vitamin A, B5, brightening C & E! Peptides, hydrolyzed collagen, silk and niacin all work together for you all daylong, while hyaluronic acid provides a healthy drink of hydration your skin. Aloe, jojoba, licorice root, chamomile and colloidal oatmeal, just to name a few, offer a load of benefits including soothing and comforting your skin. Powerful antioxidants work to ward off free radicals and protect your skin from the environment to aid in the prevention of premature aging, keeping your skin luminous, supple and healthy looking! Paraben-free, talc- free, sulfate-free and cruelty-free.
Achieve a beautiful, lit-from-within complexion with this innovative, anti-aging crme luminizer! Infused with real silk, hydrolyzed collagen, peptides and antioxidants to glide effortlessly over lines and wrinkles, Hello Light Crmeª Luminizer utilizes proprietary Drops of Light TechnologyªÑa revolutionary, radiance-boosting complex that harnesses light-mimicking, optical-blurring liquid crystals for your most flawless, natural-looking glow. Apply onto your cheekbones, brow bones, center of forehead, inner corners of eyes, and down the center of your noseÑanywhere you wish to enhance and bring forward! Developed with plastic surgeons, this luxe crme illuminates without glitter or shimmer, and works beautifully on bare skin or over your favorite foundation.
IT's all about the look of vitality, radiance and illumination. The formula is infused with micronized pigments of light plus is packed with Anti-Aging ingredients and gives a true airbrushed look that works on all ages! This illuminizer delivers a flawless finish on all skin types, including mature skin! ItÕs your perfect finishing step for the look of lift and illumination! Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this truly innovative formula contains ingredients such as Peptides, Hyaluronic Acid, Hydrolyzed Collagen, real Silk and Antioxidants that hydrate, condition, and nourish your skin while warding off free-radicals all day long. It gives you a healthy lit-from-within glow, absorbs oil and shine, and blurs away the look of pores, without settling into lines and wrinkles! It’s your perfect finishing step for the look of lift and illumination! Plus it’s formulated without Talc, Parabens, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Mineral Oil, Petrolatum, Synthetic Fragrance and Phthalates.
Hydrating skin illuminator that conditions and nourishes your skin while giving you the perfect touch of natural-looking radiance. It gives you a healthy lit-from-within glow, that leaves skin silky, velvety and supple without using glitter, plus it never settles into lines and wrinkles! It's like the look of a face lift in a stick. Developed with leading plastic surgeons, it’s packed with Anti-Aging ingredients such as Hydrolyzed Collagen, Peptides, Hyaluronic Acid, Real Silk Vitamins A, C, E, Grapeseed, Green Tea and Aloe for the perfect “lit-from-within” glow.
An Anti-Aging powerhouse for naturally pretty, lit from within skin! a finishing powder that gives the skin the look of vitality, radiance and illumination. It will provide a natural airbrushed vitality glow with Anti-Aging benefits and instantly blur away the look of pores and imperfections, diffuse the look of lines and wrinkles on the face, and achieve a more radiant looking, flawless and air-brushed looking complexion. Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this formula will provide hydrating, brightening and Anti-Aging benefits to the skin. This truly innovative formula contains ingredients such as Hydrolyzed Collagen, real Silk and Antioxidants that hydrate, condition, and nourish your skin while warding off free-radicals all day long. It gives you a healthy lit-from-within glow, absorbs oil and shine, and blurs away the look of pores, without settling into lines and wrinkles! ItÕs the perfect finishing step for the look of lift and illumination! Plus itÕs formulated without Talc, Parabens, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Mineral Oil, Petrolatum, Synthetic Fragrance and Phthalates.
Custom-designed to bring out your favorite features, this angled brush flawlessly applies all your cream and powder luminizers and bronzers. Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª hair, a soft-touch handle and precision-cut brush head, itÕs your must-have tool for creating your most beautiful youÑand an essential for every IT GirlÕs brush collection! This high-performance brush hugs the natural contours and angles of your face while giving you gorgeous, natural-looking definition. Swirl it into your favorite highlighting or contouring product, then sweep it onto areas you wish to enhance with the look of light and lift, including the center of your forehead, under your eyes, on top of your cheekbones, and straight down the bridge of your nose. It truly does the work for you to deliver beautiful, airbrushed results every time!
The Angled Airbrush Crme Brush is precision cut to hug your cheeks, perfectly placing your blush exactly where you want it and blending into your skin for your most naturally pretty flush! Unique micro-fine Dual Fibre features blended synthetic fibers with an airy angled brush head. This brush is perfect to blend cream or liquid products onto the skin for an airbrushed finish. 
This ultra-luxe dome brush does the work for you, and is custom designed for flawless application of all your favorite powder products. Densely packed with award-winning Heavenly Luxeª hair, it picks up the perfect amount of makeup every time and effortlessly airbrushes it onto your skin! Great for powder bronzer, blush and highlighter, it gives you the power to easily create your most radiant complexion.
Whether youÕre a pro or just learning to contour, the Heavenly Luxeª You Sculpted!ª brush is your secret to making contouring easyÑand enhancing your favorite features! Custom-designed with a hand-cut brush head, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª synthetic hair and ergonomic handle, it delivers a precise, even stroke, which is ideal for giving you your most beautiful, naturally defined cheekbones and more. This must-have, high-performance brush does the work for you to deliver flawless, airbrushed results every time!
Ultra luxe, ultra plush tool for perfect airbrush application. Provides the capability to build coverage with foundation or powder and buff away imperfections. This brush was designed with leading plastic surgeons to apply BOTH foundation and concealer to a flawless, airbrushed finish! The ultra plush, ultra luxe large end allows you to quickly apply your foundation to larger areas for a beautiful airbrushed finish, while the micro-end allows for the most accurate precision in even the smallest spaces. This high-quality brush is extremely soft and great for even the most sensitive skin!
Experience your most skin-loving, airbrushed look from a compact! Developed with plastic surgeons, Bye Bye Pores Pressedª finishing powder is designed to visually blur the appearance of pores and imperfections with Bye Bye Pores Optical Blurring Technologyª. The universal translucent shade imparts all skin tones with a silky, skin-perfecting finish, while the anti-aging blend of peptides, silk, hydrolyzed collagen and antioxidants pampers skin for a more youthful, airbrushed complexion. Can be applied throughout the day for on-the-go touch-ups, and doubles as a blotting powder, too!
Make tired eyes look instantly more awake! Developed with plastic surgeons, this clinically shown anti-aging, moisturizing eye cream visibly smooths lines and brightens while reducing the appearance of dark circles and puffiness. Perfect for all skin types, even the most sensitive, the deeply nourishing, quick-absorbing formula delivers powerful results to leave your eye area looking younger and well-rested. This luxurious cream’s exclusive “dark shadow minimizing” blue tint brightens even the darkest eye circles. Collagen, essential oils and caffeine help nourish and firm your delicate eye-area skin, while vitamin C, copper, blue algae and peptides give you loads of anti-aging benefits. Plus, hyaluronic acid and cucumber extract hydrate, cool and help attract and maintain moisture to enhance suppleness and restore radiance.
Developed with plastic surgeons, the leading experts in skin rejuvenation, Confidence in a Creamª is a quick-absorbing super cream that transforms your skin with each application by boosting its natural regenerative cycle for a supple, healthier, younger-looking appearance. The proprietary Anti-Aging Armour Regenerative Concentrateª combines collagen and hyaluronic acid to plump fine lines and wrinkles, while niacin, peptides, a super ceramide complex and other high-performance ingredients are activated upon contact to immerse your skin in moisture, smooth texture, enhance firmness, and reduce the look of pores and discoloration. Perfect for all skin types, youÕll see powerful results instantly and more dramatic results over time!
Bye Bye Makeupª is your revolutionary fast-acting cleanser, makeup remover and anti-aging serum all in one step! Developed with plastic surgeons, this sulfate-free formula infuses your skin with deep-cleansing extracts and botanicals to completely remove all traces of makeup and impurities without drying or irritation. At the same time, proprietary Skin-Softening Serum Concentrateª is activated on contact, providing a soft barrier of moisture that helps ward off free-radicals and pollutants for healthier, younger-looking results. Perfect for all skin types, even the most sensitive, Bye Bye Makeup™ takes it all off (without stripping)—and leaves your skin instantly hydrated and supple!
Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this innovative formula is your complexion perfection and sun protection in just one step! The proprietary Anti-Aging Armour Regenerative Concentrateª instantly gives your skin a boost of clinically shown hydration, while SPF 50+ broad-spectrum physical sunscreen protects against UVA and UVB rays, helping to prevent collagen damage and hyperpigmentation. Formulated with revolutionary Skin-Perfecting Technology and anti-aging ingredients including peptides, niacin, hydrolyzed collagen, hyaluronic acid and antioxidants, this Color-Infused Skincare™ optically blurs away discolorations and imperfections for your most flawless-looking results! Ideal for every skin type, the Universal Translucent shade has a subtle hint of color that evens the appearance of all skin tones.
The creme-de-la-creme of lip glosses! The formulation delivers high shine and rich pigment that glides on like a lightweight serum that instantly hydrates, repairs and protects lips. Super hydrating- infused with butters, oils and an Anti-Aging lip serum all in one! Developed with leading plastic surgeons,this truly innovative formula drenches your lips in Collagen, Hyaluronic Acid, Peptides, Plum Oil, Cherry Oil, Shea Butter, Avocado Oil, Argan Oil and Jojoba which work together to treat, hydrate, condition, and nourish your lips, minimizing the appearance of lip lines and wrinkles!
A truly innovative formula that drenches your lips in hydrating butters and oils working together to treat, condition, and nourish lips, minimizing the appearance of lip lines, making your lips look younger instead of older! These lip gloss stains deliver high shine and rich pigment that glides on like a lightweight serum, instantly hydrating, repairing and protecting your lips and giving you color that will last all day. The best part, these hydrating glosses are infused with a stain for an all-day gorgeous flush of color that lasts! As your new hydration lip therapy, the Vitality Lip Blush Hydrating Lip Gloss Stains are infused with 9 butters and oils, plus Collagen, Peptides and Hydrating Hyaluronic Acid. These lip gloss stains deliver all day high shine and rich pigment. for the most luxurious, pillow-y feeling on your lips, without any of the stickiness or tackiness of traditional lip glosses! Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this truly innovative formula drenches your lips in Plum Oil, Cherry Oil, Shea Butter, Avocado Oil, Argan Oil and Jojoba to work together to treat, hydrate, and give you a color that won’t fade all day.Packed with Anti-Aging Antioxidants including Vitamins A, C, E, Acai, Green Tea and White Tea to protect and ward off free-radicals all day long. This Made in the USA formula is Paraben-Free (.11oz).
Your hydrating stain that lastsÉand nourishes! Naturally pretty colors available in three shades that are beautiful for all ages, and all skin tones for sheer hydrating color that lasts. Soft Stains are 50% the stain amount of our original stains for a naturally pretty flush of color. This truly innovative gloss stain formula drenches your lips in hydrating butters and oils working together to help condition and nourish lips, minimizing the appearance of lip lines and making your lips appear younger-looking, fresh, and their most beautiful. The best part? These ultra-hydrating glosses are infused with a soft color stain so your gorgeous sheer flush of color lasts! This is for anyone who wants to drench their lips in hydration with long-wearing, naturally pretty sheer color. Anyone who wants naturally pretty, lush, gorgeous lips with sheer soft color that lasts, with the added bonus of antiaging, good-for-you ingredients. Anyone who wants to experience a collection of hydrating glosses with sheer color that lasts! This lip gloss stain delivers high shine and soft color pigment that glide on like a lightweight serum, instantly hydrating lips with oils and butters for the most luxurious feeling! Paraben free and cruelty free.
POLYBUTENE, HELIANTHUS ANNUUS (SUNFLOWER) SEED OIL, OCTYLDODECANOL, EUPHORBIA CERIFERA (CANDELILLA) WAX, COPERNICIA CERIFERA (CARNAUBA) WAX, RICINUS COMMUNIS (CASTOR) SEED OIL, ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, CALCIUM ALUMINUM BOROSILICATE, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, POLYETHYLENE, CARTHAMUS TINCTORIUS (SAFFLOWER) SEED OIL, TRIBEHENIN, SILICA, BUMETRIZOLE, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, RETINYL PALMITATE, ASCORBYL PALMITATE, VANILLIN, SIMMONDSIA CHINENSIS (JOJOBA) SEED OIL, BUTYROSPERMUM PARKII (SHEA BUTTER), SORBITAN ISOSTEARATE, PUNICA GRANATUM (POMEGRANATE) EXTRACT, CAMELLIA SINENSIS (WHITE TEA) LEAF EXTRACT, VITIS VINIFERA (GRAPE) SEED EXTRACT, PERSEA GRATISSIMA (AVOCADO) OIL, ALOE BARBADENSIS (ALOE VERA) LEAF EXTRACT, CHAMOMILLA RECUTITA (MATRICARIA) FLOWER EXTRACT, ARGANIA SPINOSA KERNEL OIL, CAMELLIA OLEIFERA (GREEN TEA) LEAF EXTRACT, OLEA EUROPAEA (OLIVE) LEAF EXTRACT, SILICA DIMETHYL SILYLATE, PRUNUS DOMESTICA SEED OIL, PRUNUS CERASUS (BITTER CHERRY) SEED OIL, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, HYALURONIC ACID, CHOLESTERYL OLEYL CARBONATE, CHOLESTERYL NONANOATE, CHOLESTERYL CHLORIDE, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, HYDROLYZED COLLAGEN, PHENOXYETHANOL. MAY CONTAIN: MICA (CI 77019), TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140:1), BLUE 1 LAKE (CI 42090:2), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850:1), RED 30 LAKE (CI 73360), RED 6 (CI 15850), CARMINE (CI 75470), RED 28 LAKE (CI 45410).
A clinically shown waterproof automatic lip liner pencil that is also a stain, so it truly lasts! Hydrating primer, and long-wear stain that doesnÕt dry out lips and keeps your favorite lip product in place! Developed with leading plastic surgeons, YLBB® stands for Your Lips But Better™ and that is exactly what this product is all about! An ultra-luxe, ultra creamy, clinically shown, waterproof automatic lip liner pencil that is your lip liner, lip primer, long-wear liner stain and reversible lip liner all in one! This truly innovative formula is infused with Peptides, Collagen, Hyaluronic Acid, hydrating Avocado Oil, Shea Butter, Aloe, and Jojoba that work together to treat, hydrate, condition, sooth and nourish your lips all while minimizing the appearance of lip lines and keeping your lip color in place! Also packed with Anti-Aging antioxidants including Vitamins A, C, E, Acai, Green Tea and White Tea to protect and ward off free-radicals all day long.
Developed with plastic surgeons, this innovative, lip-reviving, color-infused treatment is clinically shown to awaken your lips with intense hydration and your perfect flush of pink! While essential butters and oils, hyaluronic filling spheres and antioxidants smooth the look of lip lines and lock in moisture for your most supple, pillowy-soft results, the proprietary Vitality Lip Flush Technologyª reacts with the warmth of your lips to create a beautiful pop of color that lasts all day.
Blurred Linesª Smooth Fill Lipstick is your full rich color, instant color correction, and hydrating vitality! Effortlessly gliding over your lips to hydrate and add full, lush color, this anti-aging lipstick erases the appearance of fine lines on your lips and evens out the appearance of your lip tone! Infused with lip-loving ingredients including Collagen, Peptides, Hyaluronic Filling Spheres, Shea Butter, Jojoba and Grape Seed Extract to nourish your lips while evening your lip tone, smooth the appearance of lip lines, and add color to your lips that will revitalize your entire complexion! This is for anyone who wants nourished lips and hydrating lasting lip color! Anyone who wants to minimize the look of fine lines and uneven lip tone that increases as we age. Anyone who wants to treat your lips to the benefits of anti-aging, hydrating ingredients! Anyone who wants a younger-looking, beautiful smile!
Helps sooth and protects lips, while giving you a gorgeous flush of color! These rich butters give you a naturally pretty flush of all day lasting vitality-filled color with the soothing, hydrating and conditioning benefits of a balm. Packed with natural oils and extracts to soothe and condition lips! Antioxidants, including Vitamins A, C, and E, Acai, Green Tea, and White Tea provide protection from wrinkle-causing free radicals. Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this truly innovative formula contains ingredients such as Plum Oil, Cherry Oil, Shea Butter, Aloe, and Jojoba that all work together to treat, hydrate, condition, and nourish your lips, minimizing the appearance of lip lines and wrinkles; giving you all day lasting color. The Paraben-free, naturally pretty shades work on all skin tones.
The Vitality Lip Flush 4-in-1 Reviver Lipstick Stain is a lip product that gives the naturally pretty flush, vitality-filled, color of a lipstick, with the Anti-Aging, hydrating and conditioning feel of a balm AND a long-wear stain that doesnÕt dry out lips! It truly is a multi-faceted product, packed with amazing natural ingredients. With good for you Anti-Aging Antioxidants including Vitamins A, C, E, Acai, Green Tea and White Tea; Vitality Lip Flush protects and wards off free-radicals all day long. Formulated to give that long-wear flush of naturally pretty color, the Anti-Aging hydration of a super luxe treatment lip balm, and a powerful stain that doesn’t dry out your lips. Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this truly innovative, formula contains IT Cosmetics® Hydra-LuxeTM technology, including ingredients such as Plum Oil, Cherry Oil, Shea Butter, Aloe and Jojoba that all work together to treat, hydrate, condition, and nourish your lips. Good-for-you ingredients drench your lips with lasting hydration and color and the naturally pretty shades work on all skin tones. This Made in the USA formula is Paraben-free.
This must-have, dual-ended brush flawlessly applies your entire eye lookÑfrom base shadow to crease shade to linerÑwithout tugging on your delicate eyelid area. Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª hair, a soft-touch handle and precision-cut brush heads, it gently glides on pigment for a smooth, airbrushed application that lasts! While the large, fluffy end is perfect for sweeping your favorite cream and powder eyeshadows all over your lid and crease, the smudger brush effortlessly blends below your lower lash line for a gorgeous eyeliner effect. It truly does the work for you to deliver beautiful, eye-opening results every time!
Hello Lashes¨ Extensions Mascara makes the look of false lashes easy and accessible! This 6-in-1, clinically shown 24-hour wear mascara features the blackest black melted nylon fibers infused into our volumizing, lash-loving and award-winning Hello Lashes Mascara so you can achieve long, thick and dramatic lashes in one quick coat application! The perfect alternative to complicated false lashes and expensive lash extensions, this innovative formula is your volumizing mascara, lash primer, lash enhancing treatment, long wear lash tint, lash comb, and now it’s your look of false lashes without the fumbling! Infused with lash-enhancing and conditioning ingredients, including vitamin B5, peptides, collagen, proteins and green tea to treat your lashes while you call beautiful attention to your eyes! (.33 oz).
WhenÕs the last time your lashes were so noticeably long and luxe, you could wave hello with them? ItÕs time! Developed with plastic surgeons, this game-changing bestseller is your volumizing mascara, conditioning lash primer, lash-enhancing serum, lash tint and curlerÑall in one! While the triple-action brush lengthens, curls and separates your lashes, the innovative lash ball detailer tip lets you Go Verticalª and is designed to reach every last inner and outer corner lash. Clinically shown to increase lash volume by 430%, this revolutionary formula is infused with biotin, collagen, proteins, jojoba, green tea, aai, saw palmetto and amino acids for your most gorgeous, long-wearing lash results!
An award-winning game-changer in mascara and eyeliner technology. It is your mascara, mascara primer and eyeliner in one. If you have sparse or missing lashes, the Tightlineª brush lays down black pigment along your entire lash line, filling in spare spots, giving you a full beautiful lash line and the look of an eyeliner! This creates instant definition without taking up extra eye lid space. The skinny wand also allows the conditioning serum to infuse a blend of lash-enhancing ingredients including Peptides, Collagen, Proteins, Biotin, Nettle Extract, Green Tea, Jojoba, and Vitamins all the way down to the root of your lashes. Paraben-free, fragrance-free, phthalate-free, sulfate-free, and is it great for even the most sensitive eyes.
Give your lashes SUPERHERO powers with a game-changing mascara thatÕs clinically shown to give your lashes super volume, super length and super elastic stretch in just one coat! Developed with plastic surgeons, Superheroª mascara is skincare for your lashes. The proprietary Elastic Stretch Technology stretches the look of your lashes wider and longer, and wraps each individual lash in a volume-boosting, lengthening, ultra-conditioning black cape of power and color for your strongest, thickest, most defined results. Powerful lash-lifting polymers, volumizing collagen, strengthening biotin, proteins and peptides combined with Super Black pigment and the Lash-Changing Power Brush work together to coat every lash from base to tipsÑlifting lashes while separating them to create a fuller lash line and ensure that no lash is left behind. The super-buildable formula literally takes your lashes to new heights and puts lash power at your fingertips; simply apply more coats for additional volume and length. You do IT allÉ now your mascara does, too!
An award-winning game-changer in mascara and eyeliner technology. It is your mascara, mascara primer and eyeliner in one. If you have sparse or missing lashes, the Tightlineª brush lays down black pigment along your entire lash line, filling in spare spots, giving you a full beautiful lash line and the look of an eyeliner! This creates instant definition without taking up extra eye lid space. The skinny wand also allows the conditioning serum to infuse a blend of lash-enhancing ingredients including Peptides, Collagen, Proteins, Biotin, Nettle Extract, Green Tea, Jojoba, and Vitamins all the way down to the root of your lashes. Paraben-free, fragrance-free, phthalate-free, sulfate-free, and is it great for even the most sensitive eyes.
Developed with plastic surgeons, this creamy pencil utilizes proprietary No-Tug Technologyª to glide on rich, saturated color without tugging on your delicate eye area! The innovative formula is infused with anti-aging peptides, hydrolyzed collagen, silk, antioxidants, and vitamins A and E to treat and nourish your eyelids while instantly diffusing the look of linesÑplus, itÕs clinically shown waterproof even after 12 hours of wear. Choose from 10 long-lasting, completely wearable shades that enhance every eye color and give you truly youthful, eye-opening results!
Liner Loveª Waterproof Anti-Aging Crme Gel Eyeliner is an innovative formula designed to lay down eye-enhancing, saturated, rich color!! Developed with leading plastic surgeons, it's infused with lash-loving ingredients, such as peptides, collagen, and vitamin serums. These highly pigmented colors are clinically shown waterproof, even after 12 hours of wear. Good-for-you ingredients including, No Tug® Technology and Lash Enhancing Peptide Serum nourish and treat your lashes with each application, all without pulling or tugging on the delicate skin of the eye area. Jar and lid designed to be airtight, locking out excess air and preventing the formula from drying out over time.
Discover how great brushes give you great skin! This dual-ended, 2-in-1 brush effortlessly applies your favorite liquid and cream concealersÑand reaches every corner of your face for your most flawless complexion. Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª hair, a lightweight handle and capped ends, itÕs your makeup bag must-have for airbrushed perfection on the go! While the flat and tapered end effortlessly smooths concealer under your eyes, around your nose and other hard-to-reach spots, the round and fluffy end buffs away imperfections for your most airbrushed finish. It truly does the work for you to deliver your most natural-looking, beautiful results every time!
This dual-ended, 2-in-1 brush delivers a precise, even stroke thatÕs ideal for building a flawless brow. Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª synthetic hair and a soft-touch handle, it pairs perfectly with your Build-A-Browª Crme Gel Stain or favorite brow product to define your brows and create beautiful, natural-looking results! While the custom-cut, fence-shaped bristles apply soft, feathery strokes that look like real brow hair and fill in sparse areas, the built-in grooming spooley brush gives you polished perfection that lasts all day. This must-have tool truly does the work for you to build your brows but better!
Brow Power Perfectorª is your waterproof brow pencil, taming gel, fill-in powder, brow-conditioning treatment and grooming spooley brush, all in one! Developed with plastic surgeons and infused with the same proprietary technology as the original award-winning Brow Powerª, this powder-gel pencil glides on smoothly and mimics the look of real hair for your most beautiful, natural-looking browsÑeven if you have none at all. The highly pigmented formula is loaded with brow-enhancing ingredients, including biotin, lecithin, saw palmetto, nettle, green tea, antioxidants, grape seed and vitamins A, B5, C and E, to coat each hair, adhere to skin and completely cover gray. Plus, itÕs available in five shades for your perfect color match and clinically shown waterproof for 12 hours, giving you budge-proof brows that wonÕt come off until you take them off!
Combines five different technologies that help you to create, shape, and define your eyebrows. It's your building fibers, taming creme gel, fill-in powder, and long-wear stain all in one step! This waterproof, 24-hour-wear, budge-proof formula is housed in a glass jar with a specially designed lid. This is for anyone who wants to create natural-looking brows that last, even if you have sparse or missing brows. Anyone who wants to add color and tame brows in one step. Anyone who wants natural-looking brows that help to create a perfect frame of symmetry for the face! Utilizing cutting-edge technology unique to IT Cosmetics, Build-A-Brow is infused with brow-enhancing ingredients. It adheres to your skin to help create the look of real hair even where there isn't any. This long-wear stain is waterproof and budge-proof to last. Build-A-Brow coats every brow hair and mimics the look of real hair on the skin where brows are sparse or missing. You can even use to fill in your roots! Mimic the look of real hair around your hair line, along your part or anywhere on your scalp—IT’s your IT Hair™! 
Discover how Great Brushes Give You Great Skinª with this truly revolutionary, skin-perfecting brush from IT Cosmeticsª! Featuring patent-pending Heavenly Skinª hair infused with anti-aging collagen, silk, peptides, niacin and antioxidants, the innovative brush technology instantly improves the look of your skin upon applicationÑand delivers beautiful results every time. Pair it with your favorite skincare and color-infused skincare powders, foundations and complexion products, and experience how the custom-cut brush head optically blurs away the appearance of lines, pores and imperfections for an airbrushed, flawless finish. Developed with plastic surgeons, this game-changing brush is cruelty-free and pro-hygienic for even the most sensitive skin types!
Discover how Great Brushes Give You Great Skinª with this truly revolutionary, skin-perfecting brush from IT Cosmeticsª! Featuring patent-pending Heavenly Skinª hair infused with anti-aging collagen, silk, peptides, niacin and antioxidants, the innovative brush technology instantly improves the look of your skin upon applicationÑand delivers beautiful results every time. Pair it with your favorite skincare products, and loose and pressed color-infused skincare powders, and experience how the custom-cut brush head does the work for you, optically blurring away the appearance of lines, pores and imperfections for an airbrushed, flawless finish. Developed with plastic surgeons, this game-changing brush is cruelty-free, animal-free and pro-hygienic for even the most sensitive skin types!
This plush, ultra-versatile mega brush quickly and flawlessly applies all your face products, including your favorite liquid concealers, crme luminizers and powder foundations. Dense and tapered with an extremely high hair count, it evenly distributes makeup for your most beautiful, airbrushed-looking finish every time! Plus, the luxuriously soft, 100% synthetic hairs are designed for even the most sensitive skin and never pull or tug. Ideal for anyone who wants complexion perfection, and a brush that does the work for you!
This is for anyone who wants an even application and the look of airbrushed perfection from the simple swipe of a brush! 100% Synthetic and expertly shaped, the Heavenly Luxe¨ Plush Paddle Foundation Brush is designed to evenly apply and blend cream and liquid foundation on your skin to an airbrushed finish!
Treat your brushes with love! This one-step solution instantly cleanses and conditions your brushes to make them last longer and apply makeup more flawlessly. Fast-drying and easy to use, the alcohol-free formula is developed with plastic surgeons and specifically designed to extend the life of all brush hair, natural or syntheticÑplus, itÕs packed with gentle, skin-loving ingredients including hydrolyzed collagen, peptides, antioxidants and vitamins A, C and E, making it ideal for even the most sensitive skin types. Just spray, wipe and dry to leave your brushes smelling fresh and clean every time!
Ultra-luxe, ultra-plush custom-designed Heavenly Luxe¨ Double Airbrush Foundation Brush features dual-fiber brush hairs for a level of never-before-seen airbrushed complexion perfection. This innovative brush head has the capability to build coverage with foundation buff away imperfections for a flawless airbrush finish. This brush does the work for you! Designed to impart an airbrushed finish for anyone who wants full-coverage, flawless, complexion perfection. Cruelty free.
The perfect tool for stippling to deliver an airbrushed looking application to the complexion. Great for using around the eye area as it wonÕt tug on delicate skin. Provides the perfect application around the tiny creases around the nose and lips. This unique sponge allows the user to customize the perfect amount of coverage by reapplying where necessary on the face to build more coverage.
Developed to be able to give women who want a luxurious but controlled application of both powder and cream products including setting powders, illuminators, bronzer or blushes.The unique, plush design of this brush will surprise you with its versatility. The luxurious pointed tip will allow you to reach the smallest parts of your face with ease, including the inner corners of your eyes, the cupidÕs bow, and underneath your eyes. Packed with 100% cruelty-free bristles so soft that it will never tug on even the most delicate facial skin.
This luxuriously soft, rounded and tapered brush picks up and applies the perfect amount of powder for your most beautiful, airbrushed complexion! Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª synthetic hair, a soft-touch handle and precision-cut brush head, it truly does the work for you to deliver an instantly poreless, optical-blurring finish every time. To use, dust your favorite loose and pressed powders all over your face and dŽcolletŽ using gentle, sweeping motions for natural-looking, flawless results that will surely make you smile!
This best-selling, densely packed flat-top brush applies your favorite loose and pressed powder foundationsÑand instantly buffs away the look of pores, fine lines and wrinkles. Featuring ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª synthetic hair, a soft-touch handle and precision-cut brush head, itÕs your must-have tool for super-quick airbrushed perfection! The mega-high hair count delivers the most effective distribution of foundation, allowing you to build beautiful coverage while buffing and blurring your skin imperfections. This brush truly does the work for you to give you a naturally flawless, soft-focus, skin-perfecting finish every time!
This jumbo-size powder brush seamlessly sweeps your favorite loose and pressed powders all over your face and bodyÑluxuriously pampering your skin while delivering airbrushed perfection! While the soft-touch handle and precision-cut brush head make application smooth and easy, over 100,000 ultra-plush, award-winning Heavenly Luxeª hairs provide the most effective distribution of powder for a perfectly poreless, optical-blurring finish. This must-have, skin-loving brush truly does the work for you to give you natural-looking, beautiful results every time!
The Magic Eraser Brush has short, soft, densely packed brush hairs that are custom-cut to optically blur away the look of imperfections. Developed with plastic surgeons for use on even the most delicate skin and optimized for use with all IT Cosmetics Eye formulations. Use it like a small buffing brush to apply and blend your concealer.
This ultra-versatile, dual-ended brush gives you 10 different eye looks in one single brush! Featuring award-winning Heavenly Luxeª synthetic hair, a soft-touch handle and precision-cut brush heads, it flawlessly applies your favorite cream and gel eyeliners to your upper and lower lash lines, and inner rims, delivering a beautiful tightline eyeliner effect and the illusion of longer, thicker lashes. While the revolutionary fence-shaped brush lays down a smooth, gap-free stroke of pigment between each and every lash for your fullest lash line ever, the bent liner brush creates beautiful, precise definition for your most youthful-looking eyes. This innovative brush truly does the work for you, and pairs perfectly with your Liner Loveª Crme Gel Eyeliner to deliver gorgeous, eye-defining results every time!
Discover your most beautiful you and make every angle your best angle with this anti-aging, all-in-one palette that delivers a skin-perfecting glow. Developed with plastic surgeons, the experts in contouring and aesthetics, Your Je Ne Sais Quoiª Complexion Perfection palette includes four must-have, talc-free powder formulas that instantly enhance and brighten your features: new Sunshine in a Compactª Matte Bronzer, new Perfect Lightingª Luminizer, new Bye Bye Pores Blushª, and award-winning Bye Bye Pores Pressedª Poreless Finish Airbrush Pressed Powder. Infused with hydrolyzed collagen, silk, peptides and proprietary Perfect Lightingª Technology to revitalize and illuminate your complexion, each of the game-changing formulas creates natural-looking real contour and dimension while providing a youthful glow and airbrushed finish!
Experience your most youthful, natural-looking, sun-kissed skin! Developed with leading plastic surgeons, this game-changing, talc-free matte bronzer is infused with proprietary Drops of Light Technologyª to add instant radiance without any glitter or shimmer, just skin-perfecting vitality and an airbrushed finish. Ideal for all skin types and tones, it never settles into fine lines and wrinklesÑand treats your skin with anti-aging hydrolyzed collagen, peptides, silk and antioxidants while blurring away the look of pores and imperfections. Use on both your face and body for an all-over, flawlessly airbrushed glow!
IT Cosmetics Perfect Lighting Luminizer is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Experience your most skin-loving, airbrushed look from a compact! Developed with plastic surgeons, Bye Bye Pores Pressedª finishing powder is designed to visually blur the appearance of pores and imperfections with Bye Bye Pores Optical Blurring Technologyª. The universal translucent shade imparts all skin tones with a silky, skin-perfecting finish, while the anti-aging blend of peptides, silk, hydrolyzed collagen and antioxidants pampers skin for a more youthful, airbrushed complexion. Can be applied throughout the day for on-the-go touch-ups, and doubles as a blotting powder, too!
Infused with proprietary Drops of Light Technology™, this anti-aging powerhouse has everything you need for the naturally pretty look of vitality! The talc-free matte bronzer, luminizing radiance powder and brightening blush stain instantly diffuse the appearance of lines and wrinkles and nourish your skin with hydrating, anti-aging hydrolyzed collagen, silk and peptides for your most beautiful results. While the matte bronzer warms your complexion, the radiance luminizer creates a lit-from-within glow, and the brightening blush restores your natural flush of color. All products pair perfectly with your IT Cosmetics™ Heavenly Luxe™ Airbrush Powder & Bronzer Brush #1, which gives you an airbrushed application that makes you smile upon contact!
IT Cosmetics Radiance Luminizer is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Anti-Aging Matte Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Anti-Aging Brightening Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Water (Aqua), Cholesteryl, Oleyl Carbonate, Cholesteryl Nonanoate, Cholesteryl Chloride, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Hydrolyzed Silk, Collagen Amino Acids, Glycerin, Euterpe Oleracea Fruit Extract, Butylene Glycol, Camellia Sinesis (Leaf) Extract, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Vitis Vinifera/Grapeseed Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Hyaluronic Acid, Niacinamide, Olive Leaf Extract, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Extract, Chamomilla Recuitta (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Perfluorodecalin, Methicone. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77492, CI 77491), Manganese Violet (CI 77492), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
IT Cosmetics Color Correcting CC+ Brightening Powder is a Powder. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics CC+ Matte Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics CC+ Matte Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
ETHYLHEXYL PALMITATE, HYDROGENATED POLYISOBUTENE, MICA, SILICA, COPERNICIA CERIFERA(CARNAUBA) WAX, ALUMINUM STARCH OCTENYLSUCCINATE, TRIBEHENIN, TALC, EUPHORBIA CERIFERA(CANDELILLA) WAX, PHENOXYETHANOL, MAGNESIUM MYRISTATE,CHOLESTERYL OLEYL CARBONATE, CHOLESTERYL NONANOATE, CHOLESTERYL CHLORIDE,RETINYL PALMITATE, TOCOPHEROL, MAGNESIUM ASCORBYL PHOSPHATE, HYDROLYZED SILK,COLLAGEN AMINO ACIDS, GLYCERIN, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, CAMELLIA SINENSIS(LEAF) EXTRACT),CARBOMER, POLYSORBATE 20, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, PALMITOYL TETRAPEPTIDE-7, VITISVINIFERA(GRAPE)SEED EXTRACT, ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF JUICE, SODIUM HYALURONATE. MAY CONTAIN: TITANIUM DIOXIDE(CI 77891), IRON OXIDES(CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), YELLOW 5 LAKE (CI 19140), RED 6 (CI 15850), RED 7 LAKE (CI 15850)
IT Cosmetics Color Correcting Anti-Aging Crème Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Color Correcting Anti-Aging Crème Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
IT Cosmetics Hello Light Crème Illuminator is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MICA, DIMETHICONE, MAGNESIUM STEARATE, PHENOXYETHANOL, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, RETINYL PALMITATE, TOCOPHEROL, MAGNESIUM ASCORBYL PHOSPHATE, HYDROLYZED SILK, HYDROLYZED COLLAGEN, GLYCERIN, AQUA/WATER/EAU, EUTERPE OLERACEA FRUIT EXTRACT, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, CHOLESTERYL OLEYL CARBONATE, CHOLESTERYL NONANOATE, CHOLESTERYL CHLORIDE, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, PALMITOYL TETRAPEPTIDE-7, CARBOMER, POLYSORBATE 20, VITIS VINIFERA (GRAPE) SEED EXTRACT, ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, HYALURONIC ACID, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, [+/-: TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891), IRON OXIDES (CI 77499, CI 77492, CI 77491), MICA (CI 77019)].
Transform your eyes with this must-have, universally flattering, game-changing palette featuring 12 all-new Superhero™-inspired shades. Developed with plastic surgeons, each anti-aging, ultra-luxe eyeshadow is formulated with hydrolyzed collagen, silk, peptides and antioxidants, plus innovative Superhero Pigment Power Technology™ for super smooth, super skin-loving, super saturated shades that last from day to night! Experience your flawless Superhero™ Nudes, Superhero™ Neutrals and Superhero™ Liners, as well as your groundbreaking Superhero™ Eye Foundation™ eyeshadow base shades in three super wearable colors that are perfect for all skin tones!
Superhero™ Eye Foundation™ eyeshadows color correct, neutralize and smooth for perfectly prepped lids! Wear alone or as your all-over base color.
Superhero™ Nudes give you a flawlessly gorgeous, “no-makeup” look! Wear alone or with other shadows.
Superhero™ Neutrals complement the twinkle in your eyes and make your eye color come alive! Wear alone or as your contour crease color.
Superhero™ Liners are super-intensely pigmented for beautiful definition! Wear wet or dry, as your eyeliner or contour crease color.
Matte Soft Mint
MICA, DIMETHICONE, MAGNESIUM STEARATE, METHICONE, PHENOXYETHANOL, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, AQUA/WATER/EAU, CHOLESTERYL OLEYL CARBONATE, CHOLESTERYL NONANOATE, CHOLESTERYL CHLORIDE, RETINYL PALMITATE, TOCOPHEROL, MAGNESIUM ASCORBYL PHOSPHATE, HYDROLYZED SILK, HYDROLYZED COLLAGEN, GLYCERIN, EUTERPE OLERACEA FRUIT EXTRACT, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, CARBOMER, POLYSORBATE 20, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, PALMITOYL TETRAPEPTIDE-7, VITIS VINIFERA (GRAPE) SEED OIL, ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, HYALURONIC ACID, NIACINAMIDE, OLEA EUROPAEA (OLIVE) LEAF EXTRACT, ORYZA SATIVA (RICE) EXTRACT, CHAMOMILLA RECUTITA FLOWER EXTRACT, PERSEA GRATISSIMA (AVOCADO) OIL, PERFLUORODECALIN, IRON OXIDES (CI 77499). 
 MICA, DIMETHICONE, MAGNESIUM STEARATE, METHICONE, PHENOXYETHANOL, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, AQUA/WATER/EAU, CHOLESTERYL OLEYL CARBONATE, CHOLESTERYL NONANOATE, CHOLESTERYL CHLORIDE, RETINYL PALMITATE, TOCOPHEROL, MAGNESIUM ASCORBYL PHOSPHATE, HYDROLYZED SILK, HYDROLYZED COLLAGEN, GLYCERIN, EUTERPE OLERACEA FRUIT EXTRACT, BUTYLENE GLYCOL, CAMELLIA SINENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, CARBOMER, POLYSORBATE 20, PALMITOYL OLIGOPEPTIDE, PALMITOYL TETRAPEPTIDE-7, VITIS VINIFERA (GRAPE) SEED OIL, ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF EXTRACT, HYALURONIC ACID, NIACINAMIDE, OLEA EUROPAEA (OLIVE) LEAF EXTRACT, ORYZA SATIVA (RICE) EXTRACT, CHAMOMILLA RECUTITA FLOWER EXTRACT, PERSEA GRATISSIMA (AVOCADO) OIL, PERFLUORODECALIN, IRON OXIDES (CI 77499). 
Mica, Dimethicone, Magnesium Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Green Tea Extract, Acai, Collagen Amino Acids. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxide (CI 77499, CI 77492, CI77491), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
IT Cosmetics Luxe High Performance Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Hydrogenated Polysibutene, Dimethicone, Isopropyl Myristate, Polybutene, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Water (Aqua), Butylene Glycol, Camellia Sinensis (Leaf) Extract, Collagen Amino Acids. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, 77492, 77491), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510).
IT Cosmetics Luxe High Performance Anti-Aging Eyeshadow is a Eyeshadow. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Instantly creates a new pearlized color when you add over the matte color you love!
The super portable palette holds seven creaseless, blendable eyeshadows in soft, pigmented nude, brown and bronze shades. The mixed matte and microshimmer shadows come paired with a full size eye and cheek highlighter to create a soft, white gold strobe on the brow and cheek bones and highlight the inner corners of the eyes. Powered by Amazonian clay, each buildable, longwearing shade balances skin so pigment stays put – all in one palette with mirror so you can touch-up and go. 
The shadows include mixed mattes and microshimmers with base, crease, highlight and liner shades powered by Amazonian clay for non-chalky payoff and flake-resistant longwear. Finish your look with the perfect peach blush, and then take the purse-sized palette on the go for travel or touch-ups anywhere!
Talc, Aluminum powder, Silica, Triethylhexanoin, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Boron Nitride, Magnesium Myristate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain: +/- Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Tin Oxide (CI 77861), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77491, CI 77492), Aluminum Oxide (CI 77000), FD&C Blue No. 1 Alum Lake (CI 42090:2), FD&C Yellow No 5 Lake (CI 19140), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI77510), Ultramarines (CI 77007), FD&C Red No. 40 Aluminum Lake (CI 16035), FD&C Black No 2 (CI 77266), FD&C Blue No. 1 Alum Lake (CI 42090:2), Carmine (CI 75470), Chromium Oxide Greens (CI 77288).
Queen of Hearts is a 12 pan palette consistent of 6 matte and 6 foil shades that creates various looks from day to night. 
Take a makeup artist on-the-go with this high-performance, portable PRO palette. It includes four longwearing matte and metallic eyeshadows infused with Amazonian clay for smooth blending and flake-resistant wear, plus two iridescent lusters with a microshimmer duochrome formula. Deeply concentrated mineral pigments with a smart-blend technology give you the same even, intense payoff as the original tarteist™ PRO palette with new, natural artistry shades for a complete travel shadow collection. 
Your makeup will last until you've danced 'til dawn with this limited edition palette featuring 6 effortless eye shadows and 2 blushes for creating radiant looks that are guaranteed to put you in the spotlight.
Chanel Le Top Coat (Tinted) is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $28.00 and contains 0.40 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Castor (Ricinus Communis) Seed Oil Diisostearyl Malate Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax Trioctyldodecyl citrate Castor Isostearate Succinate Caprylic Caprice Triglyceride Octyldodecanol Ozokerite Wax Bis-diglyceryl polyacyladipate-2 Flavor Polyethylene Microcrystalline Wax Tribehenin Phenoxyethanol Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate Tocopheryl Acetate Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain: Mica (CI 77019) D&C Red No 6 (CI 15850) Iron Oxides (CI 77491,CI 77492, CI 77499) Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891) FD&C Red 7 Calcium Lake (CI 15850:1) D&C Red 27 Aluminum Lake (CI 45410:2) D&C Red No 6 (CI 15850) FD&C Blue No 1 Aluminum Lake (CI 42090) FD&C Yellow No 5 Aluminum Lake (CI 19140:1)
Dimethicone, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Octyldodecanol, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Nylon-12, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Polyethylene, Kaolin, Sorbitan Oleate, Limonene, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Flavor/Aroma, Vanilla Planifolia Fruit Extract, Linalool, Citral, Citronellol, Geraniol, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer Cyclotetrasiloxane. May Contain: Mica CI 77019, Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77492, CI 77491), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 33 (Lake CI 17200)
Sweet Peach Creamy Lip Oil has a moisture-rich formula that feels lightweight and creamy. It features shades in nudes, peachy pinks, and corals. Silky and smooth, it’s infused with the skin-loving essence of peach, coconut oil, and vitamins, and each shade smells just like peaches. 
Sweet Peach Papa Don't Peach Blush's sweet peachy-bronze hue imparts fresh, youthful-looking radiance to cheeks for a touch of summertime warmth. Infused with the essence of peach, this blush smells like peaches, and its rich, pigmented shade provides buildable payoff. Wearable and flattering on any skintone, it leaves a gilded, pink-pearl, brightening finish. 
This illuminating, blushing and bronzing palette gives the natural radiance of a glowing peach sunset. Give your skin the appearance of being bathed in the most beautiful peachy golden light. 
Too Faced Peach-Infused Illuminator is a Highlighter. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Peach-Infused Blush is a Blush. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Too Faced Peach-Infused Bronzer is a Bronzer. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Our creamy, mousse-like formula never feels dry on your lips. Donut scented!
Sugarpill Lipstick is a Lipstick that retails for $20.00 and contains 0.11 oz. There are 7 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dimethicone, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Caprylyl Methicone, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Acetylated Glycol Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Glyceryl Behenate, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Isoceteth-10, Ethylhexylglycerin, Stearic Acid, Limonene, Cyclopentasiloxane, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Flavor/Aroma, Vanilla Planifolia Fruit Extract, Linalool, Citral, Glycerin, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Fruit Extract Citronellol, Geraniol, Stearoyl Inulin, Water/Aqua, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Silica. May Contain: Mica (CI 77019), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, 77492, 77491), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (Cl 19140), Blue 1 Lake (Cl 42090), Red 33 (Cl 17200), Red 6 (Cl 15850)
Aqua / Water, Dimethicone, Glycerine, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate / Sodium Acryloyldimethyl, Taurate Copolymer, Dimethicone, Crosspolymer, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Phenoxyethanol, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Triethanolamine, Salicylic Acid, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sorbitan Isostearate, Polysorbate. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Dimethicone, Isotridecyl Isononanoate, Triethylhexanoin, Water, Ceresin, Polyethylene, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Vinyl Dimethicone / Methicone Silsequioxane Crosspolymer, Isononyl Isononanoate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Phytosteryl / Octyldodecyl Lauroyl Glutamate, Caprylic / Capric Triglyceride, Ozokerite, Glycerin, Isododecane, Silica, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Acrylates / Dimethicone Copolymer, Jojoba Esters, Dimethicone / PEG-10 / 15 Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Potassium Sorbate, Hexylene Glycol, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Mica
Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Butylene Glycol, Glycerin, Dimethicone / PEG-10 / 15 Crosspolymer, Mica, PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Dimethicone / Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Acrylates / Dimethicone Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Magnesium Sulfate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Disodium EDTA, Chlorphenesin, Sodium Hyaluronate, Aluminum Dimyristate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Tianium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
Aqua / Water / Eau, Butylene Glycol Dicaprylate / Dicaprate, Methyl Trimethicone, Dimethicone, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone, Glycerin, Lauryl PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Pentylene Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Trisiloxane, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Talc, Magnesium Sulfate, Acrylates / Stearyl Acrylate / Dimethicone Methacrylate Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Lauroyl Lysine, Ethylhexylglycerin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Ascorbic Acid, Panthenol, Adenosine, Panax Ginseng Root, Disodium EDTA, Tocopherol, Citric Acid. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Polyethylene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Phenyl Trimethicone, Diisostearyl Malate, Nylon-12, Ozokerite, Silica, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Caprylyl Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Propylene Carbonate, Zinc PCA, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Aqua / Water / Eau, Tocopherol. May Contain: CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide , Mica , CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides.
Bobbi Brown Nude Finish Tinted Moisturizer SPF 15 is a Foundation that retails for $46.00 and contains 0.30 oz. There are 9 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Bobbi Brown Skin Moisture Compact Foundation is a Foundation that retails for $50.00 and contains 0.28 oz. There are 19 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Water, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Fragrance, Phenoxyethanol, Glycerin, Benzyl Alcohol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glyceryl Stearate, Sodium Lauroyl Lactylate, Lauryl Glucoside, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Fruit Juice, Cetearyl Alcohol, Sodium Stearoyl Lactylate, Sodium Hydroxide, Limonene, Tocopherol, Citric Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate.
Shiseido Essentials Instant Eye and Lip Makeup Remover is a gentle, dual-phase makeup remover that immediately dissolves waterproof and long-wearing eye makeup and lipstick. Leaves skin feeling fresh and smooth without any oily sensation. Dermatologist and ophthalmologist-tested.
Formulated to provide 24-hour long lasting hydration as well as advanced UVA/UVB daily protection.
Every application of nourishing Moisture Replenishing Lip Balm deposits a soothing, protective moisture shield that smooths and tones dry, chapped lips. It eases discomfort caused by cracked skin, so lips stay super soft, protected, and hydrated to perfection. 
A studio-tested, life-proven shadow primer that locks on more vibrant color for a full 24 hours!
When long days of work and late nights of play give you a beauty hangover, this is your instant cure. Hangover is a revolutionary makeup primer infused with coconut water, probiotics and skin revivers that work together to boost skin's radiance, promote elasticity and help hydrate while locking down makeup for fresher, longer and more flawless wear.
Star Lit Liquid is a lightweight, multi-use, pearlescent formula that adds sparkling, light-reflective highlights to the eyes and cheeks. This sheer, water-based formula allows for buildable application that won’t feel heavy or sticky on skin. With shimmering shades that range from neutral to dark, it glides on effortlessly for a reflective glow that lasts all night.
An ultra-fine shimmering powder that catches light to highlight eyes, lips and cheeks.* Star Lit Powder is an ultra-radiant, ultra-fine loose powder that is used to highlight your best features. Perfect for the eyes, cheeks, and lips, this multi-faceted formula includes Pure Mother of Pearl to add light-catching color and shine unlike any other. The micronized ingredient technology allows for ease of application that can be applied wet or dry, to customize coverage intensity and luminosity. It features shimmering shades that range from neutral to dark. * Except for shades #19 and #27.
Bring out your inner artist with this very limited holiday release: a one-of-a-kind brush inspired by Japanese calligraphy and exquisitely handcrafted by world-class brushmakers in Kumano, Japan. Featuring a blend of gray squirrel and Sokoho goat hair, the sublimely soft bristles spread out when pressed against the skin to deposit a soft halo of seamless color. The handle is carved by hand from hard maple wood, making every brush a unique collector’s item. The Artist Brush measures 265 mm in total length with a 55 mm tuft.
Revamp your makeup looks with this innovative, Alchemist Palette, featuring four holographic shades. It's perfect for achieving a spectrum of radiant, special effects by layering Alchemist over eye shadow and lipstick. Formulated with Double Dimension Technology, this first-of-its-kind formula is packed with 360° refractive pearls, dipped in a prismatic coating, to deliver twice the transforming power. Each of the four shades within the palette catches the light from every angle for a spectrum of luminizing special effects—perfect for customizing finishes and exploring your artistic expression. 
Kat Von D Holographic Transformer is a Eyeshadow. There are 4 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Polybutene, Polyglyceryl-2 Diisostearate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polyglyceryl-2 Isostearate/Dimer Dilinoleate Copolymer, Polyglyceryl-10 Decaoleate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Cera Microcristallina / Microcrystalline Wax, Tocopheryl Acetate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Vitis Vinifera Seed Oil / Grape Seed Oil, Tin Oxide, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Olea Europaea Oil / Olive Fruit Oil, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Oleic/Linoleic/Linolenic Polyglycerides, Silica, Aluminum Hydroxide, Hydroxystearic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Oryza Sativa Bran Oil / Rice Bran Oil, Phenoxyethanol, [+/- May Contain: Ci 15850 / Red 6, Ci 17200 / Red 33 Lake, Ci 19140 / Yellow 5 Lake, Ci 42090 / Blue 1 Lake, Ci 45410 / Red 28 Lake, Ci 73360 / Red 30 Lake, Ci 75470 / Carmine, Ci 77400 / Copper Powder, Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 / Iron Oxides, Ci 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, Mica].
A must have for on-the-go lip care, Agave Lip Balm is the perfect travel essential. Agave Lip Balm is a nourishing formula made from agave and rare Madagascan vanilla CO2 extract. Lips stay hydrated and protected all day long, making your lips look natural on their own. It also acts as a primer for any color application. 
An essential part of any nighttime ritual, the Agave Sugar Lip Scrub is a triple-action, foaming lip scrub that’s infused with exotic oils, brown sugar, and pineapple enzymes. It cleanses and gently exfoliates, while the agave syrup moisturizes and conditions your lips. 
TALC, DIMETHICONE, BORON NITRIDE, LAUROYL LYSINE, NYLON-12, OCTYLDODECANOL, MAGNESIUM STEARATE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, ZINC STEARATE, SILICA, DIMETHICONOL, PHENOXYETHANOL, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, TIN OXIDE, ETHYLHEXYLGLYCERIN, HEXYLENE GLYCOL, SYNTHETIC FLUORPHLOGOPITE, BISMUTH OXYCHLORIDE (CI 77163), IRON OXIDES (CI 77491), MICA (CI 77019), TITANIUM DIOXIDE (CI 77891).
Kat and Jerrod each curated six brand new eye shadows for their respective sides of the palette. Inspired by a BFF heart necklace, the palette has a magnetic center panel, so you can separate the two halves of the palette. Create a look using just one side of the palette, or mix and match shades from both sides. 
Kat and Jerrod each curated six brand new eye shadows for their respective sides of the palette. Inspired by a BFF heart necklace, the palette has a magnetic center panel, so you can separate the two halves of the palette. Create a look using just one side of the palette, or mix and match shades from both sides. 
Scandal Eyes Thick and Thin Liner has unique 3D scuplting applicator and water proof formula! Create thin or thick lines with a Vinyl like end look that last all day.
Do you want flexible, buildable volume mascara by Rimmel? Then Scandal Eyes Lycra Flex Mascara is the mascara for you.
Long lasting gel formula by Rimmel with Intense color pigments. Separate brush and gel pot format. Creamy and easy to apply subtle or bold eye liner look that lasts all day!
Enhance and refine your eyes with Glam Eyes Liquid Eye Liner by Rimmel.
Special Eyes Eye Liner Pencil delivers a precise, sharp and perfectly placed line. This wooden eye pencil can be kept sharp with a standard size makeup pencil sharpener.
Rimmel Scandal Eyes Waterproof Kohl Eye Liner has long lasting shocking color intensity with kohl Britania High intensity color for an instant color impact. The ultra-smooth & creamy formula glides on easily; waterproof, smudge-proof, sweat-proof, heat-proof, humidity-proof and scandal- proof Dermatologist & ophthalmologist tested. Safe for sensitive eyes.
Stay Matte Primer by Rimmel, prime your face, day and night.
Rimmel Exaggerate is a soft-textured, automatic lip liner that delivers rich color and precise definition.
Lash Accelerator Serum by Rimmel, grow your lashes
Rimmel's Provocalips 16 Hour Kiss Proof Lip Colour is an exclusive 2 step product that locks in vibrant color for 16 hours. It's so incredibly lightweight and flexible that it adapts to the movement of your lips. These seductively rich shades bring out that femme fatale in you! Wow color, incredible shine and zero trace!
1004 Kisses is a long lasting lip liner that prevents your lip color from bleeding and feathering. Transfer resistant. This wooden lip pencil can be sharpened for precise application.
Rich, intense colour applies in a flash. Jumbo applicator creates a dramatic look in just one stroke. Can use as an eye shadow or an eyeliner. Creamy formula blends effortlessly for a luminous finish. Waterproof & Smudge-proof with 24HR wear. Dermatologist & ophthalmologist tested.
This professional eyebrow pencil evens the color of your eyebrows and fill in gaps. Use the included eyebrow brush to refine the shape of your brows. Due to manufacturing change, black is now black brown.
Lasting Finish Lipstick by Rimmel London locks colour to lips for up to 8 hours wear. 50% more colour. Soft, smooth, comfortable formula.
Lasting Finish Lipstick by Rimmel London locks colour to lips for up to 8 hours wear. 50% more colour. Soft, smooth, comfortable formula.
Rimmel's Stay Glossy Lip Gloss has cutting-edge Shine Extend technology that will give you runway lips and up to 6 hours of wow-worthy color. Double the moisture instantly and shape up your lips with a soft-extend lip hugging applicator.
Lashes look up to 117% longer in 30 days and up to 80% longer instantly. Advanced ultra-lengthening formula for beautifully long, remarkably strong lashes. Exclusive, natural GROW-LASH Complex with Procapil® extends and fortifies lashes. With continued use lashes not only look longer, but lusher and more numerous.
Empower your lashes with the WonderLash Volume Colourist Mascara, Rimmel's first mascara combining instant full volume with gradual lash tinting. Instantly tapered lash-intensifying brush wraps every lash with blacker than black pigments, making them instantly fuller and longer. Overtime the lash-tint complex with natural colorant gradually darkens the color of your bare lashes to help them appear more visible from root to tip from 2 weeks onwards of continuous usage. The non-permanent tint will wear off gradually after the last usage. Reveal darker lashes with and without mascara. Bare lash color intensifies with every application
Rimmel's Brow This Way Brow Sculpting Kit shapes and fills brows for a defined and high impact look. Dermatologist tested.
Rimmel's lightweight Brow This Way Brow Styling Gel tames and defines your brows whilst maintaining a natural and groomed look. Dermatologist and ophthalmologist tested.
Rimmel London's Gentle Eye Make Up Remove is oil free and removes waterproof mascara.
Rimmel's The Only One Lipstick is a no compromise all-in-one lipstick with supreme long-lasting color, comfort, moisture and wear. Enter a new era, long live the only one!
Rimmel's Lasting Finish Primer visibly blurs and minimizes pores and imperfections. This primer helps skin look instantly smoother and appears brightened.
Rimmel's Lip Conditioning Balm by Kate Moss leaves lips looking flawless with up to 8 hours of moisture! Immediate relief from dry feeling. Helps prevent lips from cracking and chapping. Lips look flawless with a healthy glow. Wear it alone or under your favorite lipstick
Now any lipstick won't smudge nor come off thanks to the transparent moisturizing barrier defined by Rimmel Moisture Renew Lip Liner. Lips defined and color protected. The perfect lip liner for any shade!
Enhance and refine your eyes with a Felt Tip eye pencil by Rimmel.
The MaxDensity brush, that's 50% larger and thicker, covers your lashes with attention - from corner to corner. Bristles now flex in to deposit mascara and out to comb through clumps, so volume will scream. With scandalous eye opening volume, this mascara should need a license. Watch false lashes become a thing of the past, as Scandal Eyes Mascara becomes the ultimate beauty weapon in your make-up bag. This Rimmel revolution has 3x the collagen for plumper, sculpted lashes, 3x the keratin for strong and healthy lashes and...3x the attitude to guarantee scandalous behaviour! For lashes so luscious it¿s almost criminal! Unleash the wand of Rimmel London's new Scandal Eyes Mascara. Start rumours, make heads turn and if anyone asks...you did it!
Rimmel's Colour Precise Eyeliner is their first soft tapered felt tip, colored liquid liner delivering a high dose of color with excellent precision and absolute accuracy to achieve thin, fine lines or bold flicks with exceptional staying power. The ultimate tool for defining eyes, this liner has a creamy texture and is easy to apply in one single stroke.
Rimmel London's Fibre Formula in their Lash Accelerator Endless Mascara, Wraps & extends every lash. Up to 90% longer lashes instantly! Grow Lash Complex with Procapil, Biotin & Keratin, conditions lashes, day after day. In 30 days, 126 percent longer, stronger and more numerous!
Rimmel's ScandalEyes XX-Treme mascara gives extreme high impact volume and endless dramatic length. The dual impact brush captures lashes bringing them to their max. Arched side: Volumizes and loads up lashes for xx-treme look. Flat side: Defines and lengthens lashes from root to tip. No clumps
Rimmel's Super Speed Volume Flash Mascara for fast, full volume in one, mistake proof zigzag! The zigzag brush untangles each lash from root to tip in one swipe. This is a one stroke, zero clump, volume mascara. Ophthalmologist and dermatologist tested.
Scandal Eyes Micro Eye Liner by Rimmel. Waterproof precision liquid liner that easily draws the thinnest, most artistic lines. Tattoo like formula with intense black pigments that last all day.
Rimmel's Exaggerate Smoke N' Shine Gel Eye Liner gives a high shine smoky look! ntense and luminous colour with shine. Creamy texture making it easy to apply in one single stroke. Gel formula in an automatic retractable pencil
Rimmel's Exaggerate Smoke N' Shine Gel Eye Liner gives a high shine smoky look! ntense and luminous colour with shine. Creamy texture making it easy to apply in one single stroke. Gel formula in an automatic retractable pencil
Rimmel Wonderlash Mascara with Argon Oil that smoothes and defines lashes with zero clump volume while leaving lashes feeling conditioned. Easy smooth application brush captures and coats separating lashes from root to tip. Reveal all lashses, even the ones you did not notice.
Volume Accelerator Mascara by Rimmel, enhance your lashes
With a brand new oversized brush and innovative formula, be prepared to say hello to lashes you never knew you had. Shaped, plumped, and exaggerated to perfection. Don't settle for anything less. Be part of the lash revolution. The new MaxDensity brush, that's 50% larger* and thicker, covers your lashes with attention - from corner to corner. With scandalous eye opening volume, this mascara should need a license. Watch false lashes become a thing of the past, as ScandalEyes mascara becomes the ultimate beauty weapon in your make-up bag. This Rimmel revolution has 3x the collagen* for plumper, sculpted lashes, 3x the keratin* for strong and healthy lashes and...3x the attitude to guarantee scandalous behaviour! For lashes so luscious it¿s almost criminal! Unleash the wand of Rimmel London¿s new ScandalEyes mascara. Start rumours, make heads turn and if anyone asks...you did it!
This smooth and creamy eye definer shapes and colors your eyes without skipping or tugging on the delicate skin around your eyes. This automatic eye pencil requires no sharpening.
Argan Oil is a 100% organic, chemical-free gift from nature. Its cosmetic and nutritional benefits have been the best-kept secret of Moroccan women for centuries and a secret that was whispered to me on a modeling shoot ten years ago. Moroccan argan oil is extracted from the nut of the argan tree, which grows only in the Moroccan desert. Argan oil is loaded with Vitamin E and essential fatty acids, so it has amazing healing, conditioning and repairing properties. Argan oil benefits your skin, hair, feet, nails, and even your baby's bottom. A moisturizer so pure you can use it on your baby, or use it to dress your salad? That's my idea of pure beauty. Argan Oil might not be able to solve all the world’s problems, but when it comes to your body, there isn’t much it can’t do. It’s light enough to use as an everyday moisturizer, and powerful enough to soothe the symptoms of skin ailments like eczema or rosacea. 
n this corner: my legendary 100% Pure Argan Oil, featherweight division. This is for those of you who love what argan oil does for your chapped skin, hair, and fine lines, and want a lighter touch for those sticky situations or humid summer days. Fighting oil with oil? It works! My Argan Oil Light absorbs even faster than the original. And it actually decreases sebum production with repeated use (sounds crazy but it’s true). Get a semi-matte, radiant finish, no matter how oily your skin, and toss the blotting papers. This stuff is no lightweight when it comes to doing everything my original 100% Pure Argan Oil does: hydrating, balancing, repairing, replenishing. It’s just a shade less rich, for quicksilver absorption and a whisper-light feel.
Infused with 100% Pure Argan Oil, this plumping lip butter nourishes, conditions, soothes, and volumizes lips. The subtle sting and proprietary immediate and long-term lip-plumping complex visibly enhance lips and increases circulation for a voluptuous, juicy pout.
The first ever anti-aging skincare finisher and makeup primer in one. This creamy, whipped, lightweight formula finishes both your skincare and makeup routine for a smooth, long-lasting, radiant glow. Makeup glides on seamlessly while the subtle glow awakens the complexion and softly sculpts the face with luminous light. Formulated with natural anti-aging powerhouse ingredients that instantly hydrate, plump, and smooth for ethereal, angelic skin.
This antioxidant-packed hydrating and detoxifying Whipped Mud Mask clarifies, refines, and firms while it nourishes and soothes. Whip the formula onto your skin and escape into a sensorial wonderland of color, scent, and texture. 00% Pure Argan Oil infuses skin with essential nutrients while Moroccan Moroccan rhassoul clay, formed from volcanic ashes of the Atlas mountains in Morocco, rejuvenates, detoxifies, and tones.
NEW scent! Shop my beloved Argan Liquid Gold Self Tanning Oil, in Vanilla Apricot. Drench your skin in liquid gold! This indulgent self-tanning body oil features a unique blend of 100% Pure Argan Oil for intense nourishment and fast-absorbing 100% Pure Argan Oil Light for a semi-matte finish. Hydrating coconut water and soothing aloe juice help nourish, smooth, and revitalize skin while the delicious aroma of natural vanilla and apricot awakens your spirit. 24 hours of hydration + sun-kissed skin without the sun-kissed damage = total radiant bliss! Natural DHA safely builds a healthy, even, natural-looking bronzed glow and the luxurious, plush mitt ensures streak-free, blissful application. 
It's not heavy, it's my butter—silky, intensely hydrating body butter that smells subtly yum and gives sweet relief to the driest skin. Packed with luscious oils and whipped to a feather-light texture, it sinks in instantly for velvety soft skin to create an argan oil infused body lotion in a flash. Spread the love and feel the difference. No wonder it feels so good. My Whipped Argan Oil Body Butter is a powerhouse of more than ten plant oils and extracts, plus the star of the show, 100% Pure Argan Oil, with its restorative and antioxidant properties.
100% Pure Argan Oil whipped to perfection! This lightweight yet luxuriously rich face cream provides instant and abundant hydration. #Butterup The fast-absorbing formula is designed to sink deeply into skin leaving it juicy and supple. Safe and effective for all skin types, this unscented nutrient-rich hydrator meets the skin’s needs and leaves you craving the delicious whipped texture every day and night. Argan Oil intensely nourishes and protects skin with essential fatty acids and vitamin E while a synergistic blend of watermelon seed oil, shea butter, and fresh cucumber extract work together to leave skin in soft, smooth, glowing condition. Soothing aloe nectar aids in reducing the appearance of redness and inflammation while helping skin retain optimal moisture levels.
Argan Milk Devotion harnesses the nourishing power of Pure Argan Milk Intensive Hydrating Treatment and a proprietary complex of naturally-based actives that improve the look of fine lines and coarse wrinkles around the eye area. The light, silky, hydrating milk treatment absorbs quickly for an instant lifting and line-smoothing effect while the natural cushion around your eye area is enhanced for a plump, supple, radiant look. Pure Argan Milk plumps and protects skin while golden root reduces puffiness, lifts, firms, oxygenates, and energizes the eye area.
Dip in for soft, silky skin. This indulgent body balm combines two ancient holistic ingredients—Honey and 100% Pure Argan Oil. These two natural skin nourishers are whipped and churned into a decadent, nutrient-dense concentrate that creates a protective barrier on the skin to seal in moisture and shield against environmental aggressors. 100% Pure Argan Oil hydrates and nourishes skin while Pure Clover Honey increases skin's moisture and hydration levels. 
Treat your skin to the magical power of liquid gold. This self-tanning face oil is a rich, silky, indulgent hybrid of Josie’s Argan Liquid Gold Self-Tanning Oil and 100% Pure Argan Oil. The quick-absorbing treatment concentrate delivers intense hydration and anti-aging benefits along with a sunkissed, youthful-looking glow. The tahitian vanilla scent warms your senses and brings you straight to the glistening, warm, tropical beaches of Tahiti—pure, radiant bliss! Natural DHA provides a radiant bronzed glow while Josie Maran Blueberry Argan Extract, coconut water, black tea extract, aloe vera, and chicory root work together to nurture, hydrate, and soothe skin while improving clarity and skin barrier function.
Our beloved 100% pure argan oil now comes in a stick! This multi-purpose balm is your head-to-toe spot treatment for dry areas in need of soothing moisture. Lots of anti-aging ingredients rich in fatty acids and vitamin E.
My Pure Argan Milk proves that oil and water can mix—with radiant, skin-rejuvenating results. A blend of purified water and my much-loved 100% Pure Argan Oil, this mild milk fortifies and renews even the driest, most sensitive skin, working its magic deep into the cellular level. A deliciously rich but whisper-light moisturizer, this hydrating skin treatment does a face good. Now there's a whole new way to milk the benefits of 100% Pure Argan Oil. Like my 100% Pure Argan Oil, it absorbs in a flash for instant hydration—with tiny, weightless Argan Oil micro-droplets that penetrate deeper into your skin’s layers. You’ll get a fresh-faced glow that seems to come from the inside out, because it really does. Pure Argan Milk is a perfect union of purified water and my 100% Pure Argan Oil, beaded into micro-sized drops that deliver nourishing, protective, renewing Argan goodness to skin cells’ deepest nooks and crannies.
My California-girl roots inspired me to create innovative, multi-tasking Argan Cleansing Treatment, which makes great skin nearly effortless. It hydrates, exfoliates, and purifies in a hot minute, leaving your face glowing, energized, and never stripped. Achieving balance has never been so laid-back, or so luminous. They say you can't please all skin types all the time, but this cleanser proves them wrong. It’s especially great for sensitive types. No matter what mood my skin’s in—dry, oily, or confused—Argan Cleansing Treatment leaves me feeling like I had the world’s fastest facial: refreshed, with clear pores and baby-soft skin. The nourishing magic of my signature ingredient, 100% Pure Argan Oil, teamed up with the deep-cleansing, detoxifying properties of lavender, jojoba, carrot seed, and luscious fruit oils—all of them ethically sourced, gentle on your skin and the earth. 
My best-selling Argan Daily Moisturizer SPF 47, now in a universal tinted shade. I think sunscreen is good—and lightweight, non-greasy, chemical-free sunscreen that moisturizes while protecting the skin is even better. Protection + beautifying = bliss. Pure argan oil, jojoba oil, green tea, titanium dioxide, zinc oxide, and SunBoost ATB™, which is packed with antioxidants and hydrators to protect you from the sun and nourish your skin at the same time.
A hydrating and revitalizing exfoliating sugar scrub featuring 100% Pure Argan Oil and delicate sugar crystals. Delicate sugar granules gently remove dead skin and impurities to leave skin looking and feeling softer, smoother, and brighter. This moisturizing exfoliator contains a soothing combination of argan oil, coconut oil, and shea butter blended together into a nourishing balm to rejuvenate dry skin.
Washing your face with oil? It’s not as crazy as it sounds. Because the oil in question is 100% Pure Argan Oil, a powerhouse of nourishing, skin-repairing essential fatty acids and antioxidants that purifies as it soothes. Leave behind the drying soaps and abrasive scrubs and hop on the oil cleanser bandwagon. In a word (or two): it works. My Argan Cleansing Oil is all things to all skin types. It removes every trace of makeup and dirt, deep-cleaning pores without rubbing sensitive skin the wrong way, and works equally well for the most common complexion complaints, from acne blemishes to dryness to dullness. I blended 100% Pure Argan Oil, the foundation of my line, with lush, replenishing safflower seed and grapeseed oils to heal, cleanse, and protect. Free radicals and everyday impurities don’t stand a chance against this plant power.
A moisturizer that protects the skin from sun damage—or a sunscreen that moisturizes while it protects? This new, innovative formula is both. You get a lightweight, non-greasy, chemical-free sunscreen that moisturizes, nourishes, smoothes, and boosts the radiance of the skin. Natural protection + beautifying = bliss. I’m all about natural solutions, deep skincare, and multi-tasking, so this formula fits the bill. We start with skin-loving ingredients like pure argan oil, jojoba oil and green tea. Then we add a layer of protection with titanium dioxide, zinc oxide, and the innovative SunBoost ATB™, a unique blend of antioxidants, skin-soothers, and hydrators that work with natural sunscreens to boost sun protection while conditioning and nourishing the skin.
Erase the day from your face and protect the polar bears’ place. If you don’t have access to soap and water, or need to do some emergency eyeliner spot-removal—it happens to the best of us—these handy wipes remove every trace of dirt and makeup and leave you fresh-faced and hydrated. Wait. It gets better: A portion of what you pay for each pack goes to the Natural Resources Defense Council's Polar Bear SOS Initiative. Restore balance to your face and to the habitat of our furry Arctic friends. When I want to wipe the slate clean, Bear Naked Wipes make it easy. Saturated with a soothing, cleansing solution that includes natural plant-based essences, each luxuriously soft wipe purifies, exfoliates and leaves my face refreshed and moisturized. Baring all never felt so luxurious. My wipes are soaked in pure, skin-balancing Argan Oil, with aloe vera that soothes as refreshing cucumber extract and Vitamin E condition and refine. And each wipe is biodegradable, which helps our planet and everyone, furry or not, who shares it.
Saturate your skin in Nirvana and enter supreme bliss. This post-cleansing hydrating treatment empowers your skin to get the most out of your skincare ritual. Argan Oil Extract nourishes and softens skin while coconut water adds hydration and electrolytes. This alcohol-free formula attracts moisture for plump and supple skin. Protein-rich minerals smooth and moisturize skin, while a multi-fruit complex of sugar cane, lemon, and orange extract protects against free radicals and stimulates collagen production. Natural essences of cucumber and geranium revitalize the senses. Konjac Root Ultra Filing Spheres improve skin texture.
Makeup artists go crazy for my Infinity Cream, and no wonder. Sunburn? Flaky lips? Under-eye bags? Breakout? A dab of my Argan Infinity Cream balances, moisturizes, de-swells, highlights, primes, and preps—and that’s just for starters. A luxurious toolbox in a tube, it makes the most of the versatility and endless possibilities of my star ingredient, 100% Pure Argan Oil. When I need my argan fix on the go and don’t want to carry a bottle of oil, Infinity Cream is my go-to miracle cure. It goes on as a cream, melts into an ultra-absorbent oil, and feels like buttah. It conditions my lips for emergency touch-ups, smoothes out rough spots, tames renegade eyebrows, highlights my cheekbones with no fuss, no spills. It’s luxury and convenience times infinity. Packed with natural fruit and nut extracts, oils, and butters, my Argan Infinity Cream proves that Mother Nature is the real Ms. Fix It. It’s full of 100% Pure Argan Oil in a creamy base infused with shea butter, aloe vera, mango seed butter, and macadamia seed oil for effortless application.
Wherever your rough spots; calloused feet, frayed cuticles, cracked lips, or sunburn - this balm is the bomb. The healing and hydrating properties of argan oil are concentrated in solid, leak-proof form, perfect for an intense hit of moisture wherever it's needed most. You just might hear your skin say ahhhhwhen you smooth on Argan Balm and feel it sinking in, forming a protective barrier that locks in moisture and throws away the key. Whenever and wherever my skin feels more like sandpaper, I break out the balm for an overnight dose of deep hydration. My elbows, heels, and hands thank me, and I thank the awesomeness of argan oil. 100% Pure Argan Oil in a base of rich shea butter and soothing essential oils: a balm to your spirit, and your skin.
Reveal your true skin! Argan Exfoliating Cleansing Powder gently lifts dead skin for a brighter, softer, more youthful-looking complexion. Finely crushed Argan shells gently buff away dull skin while rice powder helps to reduce the appearance of blemishes and age spots. Once activated with water or Argan Cleansing Oil, the papain, salicylic acid, and rice enzymes are released to gently exfoliate dead cells from the outside in. This gentle yet effective daily treatment combines the silky softness of rice powder with finely crushed Argan shells that won't strip skin of moisture. The smooth Argan shells buff away dullness to reveal skin's true appearance, leaving skin renewed and ready to accept the benefits of 100% Pure Argan Oil. Empowered with natural clarifying powerhouses like tea tree, ginkgo biloba, papain, and licorice root.
Kiss your love/hate relationship with lipstick goodbye, and get ready for creamy color that sticks around without the stickiness. My 3-in-1 formula gives you the shine of a gloss, the vibrancy of a lipstick and the lush moisture of a balm. With a clear shell enclosing a high-pigment core, it’s like no lipstick you’ve used before: hydrating, easy to apply—heavy on color, light on your lips. Argan oil in the mix makes this lipstick so different from the rest: as soothing as it is statement-making.
Natural ingredients make for a natural glow. My 100% Pure Argan Oil makes my Color Stick go on smoothly, effortlessly absorbent, and nurturing to skin and lips. I amp up the protection and conditioning with avocado, mango seed and shea butters, plus lemon tea tree oil and menthol to refresh and purify.
My legendary Argan Illuminizer, now in a luxurious, soft, creamy powder. The hydrating powder veil provides a healthy glow that doesn't cake or dry the skin. Infused with Argan Oil to nourish the skin with a silky finish. 
Creamy and 91% natural, Argan Black Oil Mascara conditions as it coats, lengthening, volumizing, lifting, and curling, for eyes that sparkle and invite the world in! Argan Black Oil Mascara treats your lashes to the nourishing lash-softening effect of 100% Pure Argan Oil mixed with blackest-black iron mineral pigments, and infused with the lash strengthening properties of bamboo—delivered in an innovative 5 ball brush that reaches every lash.
Got a case of dry, cracked hands? Whip it good with my ultra-luxurious, intensive cream. Infused with super-absorbent, 100% Pure Argan Oil in a creamy, luscious shea butter base, it sinks in and nourishes itchy hands from the inside out. And the scrumptious scent is a treat for the senses. Winter or summer, it puts satin-soft hands within our grasp. 100% Pure Argan Oil, whipped to buttery perfection with rich shea butter, will soften you up in no time. With hydrating macadamia nut oil, anti-inflammatory chamomile and green tea extract, and nourishing carrot seed oil, it’s the most luxurious cream ever, hands-down.
It’s 100% Pure Argan Oil to the rescue again, in super-concentrated amounts for super-rejuvenation and hair health. Hair loves this stuff as much as skin does, and soaks up the same conditioning and repairing benefits. With Jojoba Oil, Avocado Oil and Vitamin E, it’s a powerhouse of polish.
Embrace your inner mermaid with beachy keen hair all year round. A pump of my Bohemian Waves Argan Hair Mist replicates the tousled, rippling, windswept look that says “summer lovin’” even in the dead of winter. With Himalayan Sea Salt for piecey texture and Argan Oil for frizz-busting hydration, that carefree surfer-girl vibe won’t be a misty memory. Dryness is one hazard of beach-styled hair, but my 100% Pure Argan Oil cancels out the crunch factor, softening and conditioning hair even as mineral-rich Himalayan Pink Sea Salt roughs it up just enough
My hair has major attitude. Its wavy, thick, and takes no prisoners. My Argan Oil Hair Treatment soothes the savage beast without breaking its spirit. Just one treatment leaves my hair silky and shiny, without flattening its natural volume and wave. This restorative treatment plays nicely with your hairs natural texture. Treat hair by taming frizz, split ends, and repairing breakage for a healthy, replenished mane. Heat can heal. With proven hair-whisperers like jojoba and bergamot oil, frizz and breakage dont stand a chance against my Vitamin-E-rich, 100% Pure Argan Oil, which penetrates each strand to make hair up to four times stronger with regular use. (No, really. We had a lab run tests.)
Conveniently packaged in a portable container, these three-in-one nail wipes remove nail polish, repair dry cuticles, and promote healthy nails naturally. Acetone free and grapefruit-scented, Bear Naked Nail Wipes are infused with organic Argan oil to moisturize cuticles and support nail growth. 20 x Bear Naked nail wipes.
50% Coconut Water, 100% Hydration. Like a refreshing sip of coconut water for your eyes, this pigment-packed liquid shadow instantly makes eyes look and feel more hydrated. It has two layers: one layer of fresh Coconut Water, and one layer of Argan-infused pigments that instantly give eyes a more youthful appearance. Infused with Coconut Water and Argan Oil to provide hydration. In consumer studies: 90% agree that eyelids appear smoother, 90% agree eyes look less crepey, 80% agree eyes feel more hydrated
An Argan-infused bronzer that blends seamlessly for a healthy bronze glow. The Argan Hydrating Liquid Powder Bronzer comes with a two-in-one brush features an angled side to contour and a full side to buff and blend this lightweight bronzer into the skin. Infused with Argan Oil to soothe and nourish the skin, and coconut water for a sip of hydration.
My Argan Brightening Balm provides the perfect glow from with in. The Argan Brightening Face Balm contains a power house conmplex of nature's brighteners: lemon oil, orange oil, anti-oxidant rich, Argan Oil, and bearberry. An ancient healing herb used to eliminate age spots, and even freckles, bearberry is a natural skin-brightener.
Reserve the right to age beautifully. Vital Argan trinity for healthy, smooth, glowing skin. Harvest’s your skin’s health with the three most vital elements of the ancient Argan Tree: Argan Leaves, Argan Oil, and Press Cake. Vital Argan Trinity: Argan Oil-NOURISHING Smoothness, Essential Fatty Acids, Argan Leaves-BRIGHTENING Bounce Flavonoids, Argan Press Cake - SOOTHING Protection. 
A high-quality, stainless steel tweezer with a custom-slanted top and calibrated tension. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Precision Tweezers to remove the shortest of brow hairs for professional shaping. Handcrafted in Italy and made to last; Micro-fine tip removes hair from the root without breakage or skin irritation; Protective cap preserves tension when not in use; Never needs sharpening
High-quality, straight-length stainless steel scissors with an ultra-thin blade to precisely trim brows. Brush brows with an ABH custom spooley, then gently apply pressure to the hair with fingers before trimming with Anastasia Beverly Hills Scissors. Handcrafted in Italy and made to last; Comfortable coated grips; Precise results within a millimeter
A fail-safe collection of five pliable stencils - Petite, Slim High, Medium, High, and Full Arch—based on Anastasia’s patented Golden Ratio® method. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Stencils to give any face shape a pair of well-balanced arches. Designed to last; Easy-to-clean
A straight-cut, flat brow brush with a slim edge that creates clean, defined arches. Use Anastasia Duo Brush #20 to apply Concealer or Pro Pencil around the brows, and its custom spooley end to blend for a soft, natural finish. Densely packed synthetic bristles create natural, hair-like strokes
An angled flat brush that grabs and deposits product smoothly and evenly. Use Anastasia Duo Brush #12 to apply product to brows, and its custom spooley end to blend for a flawless finish. Densely packed synthetic bristles create natural, hair-like strokes
A travel-sized, angled flat brush with the optimal slant for precision brow shaping. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Brush #15 to effortlessly sweep color through brows and mimic the look of natural hairs. Soft, synthetic bristles have a superfine edge
An angled flat brush that precisely sweeps color through brows and mimics natural hairs. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Duo Brush #7B and its custom spooley end to blend product into the brows for a soft and natural-looking finish. Soft, synthetic bristles have a superfine edge
A fine-tip, tapered detail brush for expert detailing. Use ABH Swish Brush for precise lining and detailing on the eyes.
A flat, square brush with firm synthetic fibers that’s ideal for defining eyes. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Flat Definer Brush A1 to apply color along the lash line with expert precision. Premium synthetic-fibers; Applies both cream or powder with ease; Can be used wet or dry
A domed, paddle brush with tapered synthetic fibers for face and eyes. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Precise Concealer Brush to apply emollient-based products for seamless blending. Premium synthetic-fibers
A small, domed shading brush with dense synthetic fibers ideal for applying. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Firm Shader Brush A3 for maximum color pay off & smooth application. Premium synthetic fibers; Applies both cream or powder with ease; Soft, dense bristles for maximum color pay off
A slim, tapered brush that creates bold, graphic looks in one sweep. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Brush #3 to deposit color along lash lines with precision. Smooth, synthetic bristles grab cream formulas without absorption; Can be used wet or dry; Tightly packed tip for maximum impact
A flat brush with tapered synthetic fibers for multi-use application on the face and eyes. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Cream Blending Brush A4 to apply powder and emollient-based products over lids for a smooth, polished look. Premium synthetic-fibers; Can be used wet or dry
A small, domed brush with tapered synthetic fibers for application and blending on the eyes and face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Small Blending Brush A5 to blend powder and emollient-based products for a diffused finish. Premium synthetic-fibers; Can be used wet or dry
A small, round brush with dense synthetic fibers for the eyes and face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Buff & Blend Brush A6 to expertly smooth and blend. Premium synthetic-fibers; Can be used wet or dry
A fluffy, domed brush made with synthetic fibers for the face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Large Blending Brush A7 to blend powder and emollient-based products for a diffused finish. Premium synthetic-fibers; Can be used wet or dry
A fluffy, tapered brush made with goat hair ideal for powder products. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Diffuser Brush A10 to diffuse edges around the eyes or face. Premium goat hair; Tapered shape fits small facial contours
A round brush made with goat hair for the eyes and face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Small Contour Brush A12 to apply and blend powder products seamlessly. Premium natural hair; Round shape diffuses product seamlessly
A soft, domed brush made with densely packed pony hair for the eyes. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Medium Shader Brush A13 for precise shading and buffing. Premium natural hair; Synthetic and natural blend
A small, round brush made with firm goat hair for expert application on the eyes. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Pencil Brush A14 for detailed application and precise blending. Premium natural hair; Circular bound ferrel for precise blending
A large, flat brush with a tapered blend of kolinsky and sable hair for the eyes and face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Large Shadow Brush A16 for application and shading of powder products. Premium natural hair
A large, slanted brush with soft natural hair to sculpt and define facial contours. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Angled Chiseler Brush to apply powder to facial contours. Premium natural-hair; Flat clamped ferrule for dense product application; Natural hair
Full coverage concealer brush. Synthetic bristles and long handle expertly apply and blend under the eye, on the face, and around the eyebrow.
A medium-sized powder brush with natural hair. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Blush Brush A19 to seamlessly apply and blend face powders. Premium natural-hair; Flat clamped ferrule for dense product application
A large powder brush with tapered natural hair for the face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Large Powder Brush A20 to apply and blend face and body products seamlessly. Premium natural-hair; Circular bound ferrule for maximum application and blending; Natural hair
A small, round powder brush with tapered natural hair for applying powder products. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Small Powder Brush A22 for applying to small areas of the face like cheek and contour. Premium natural-hair; Flat ferrule for precise application
A large diffuser brush with soft natural bristles that’s ideal for applying highlighter formulas. Swirl Anastasia Beverly Hills Brush #23 over cheekbones, brow bones, and décolletage for a finished appearance. Round, tapered bristles make application easy and precise
A medium, flat brush with tapered natural hair for the eyes and face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Medium Shadow Brush A24 for maximum shadow application. Premium natural-hair
A fluffy, round brush with tapered natural hair for the eyes and face. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Tapered Blending Brush A25 to diffuse product. Premium natural-hair
A fluffy round brush with synthetic fibers for soft, seamless blending of powder and emollient-based products. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Crease Blending Brush A26 to soften and diffuse edges. Premium natural-hair quality; Can be used wet or dry
A short, rounded brush with firm synthetic fibers for maximum product application. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Small Firm Shader Brush A27 for detailing for eyes or lips. Premium synthetic-fiber quality
A narrow-tip brush with extra-fine synthetic fibers for expert detailing. Use the Anastasia Beverly Hills Precise Eyeliner Brush A28 to line eyes with precision. Premium synthetic-fiber quality; Can be used wet or dry
A medium, round brush with firm synthetic fibers for medium to full coverage of emollient-based products. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Domed Foundation Brush A30 for seamless application on the face and body. Premium synthetic-fibers
A sheer, lightweight formula that moisturizes and prepares lips for color. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Lip Primer to prevent pigment from fading, flaking, or feathering. Wear alone or as a basecoat under lip color; Can be used as a nightly conditioning treatment
Ultra-pigmented gel cream pencil with a slim, retractable tip. The waterproof formula is long-wearing for intense, liquid-like results.
This silky Anastasia Highlighting Duo Pencil features a matte highlighter on one end and a shimmer highlighter on the other. Use the matte side during the day to create a soft highlight, and for evening looks, use the shimmer side to give eyes that soft, satiny glow. It’s formulated with vitamin E and features light-diffusing pigments that even skintone.
A multitasking pencil that works as a brow and facial highlighter, a concealer, or an ideal priming base for eye shadow. This portable pencil does the work of five makeup bag must-haves in one convenient tool. Use it to conceal blemishes, dark circles, and flaws, or to highlight the brow, face, and eyes. Cover brow hairs as they grow back in, line your lips, or use as an eye shadow primer for lids. The Pro Pencil does it all.
A waterproof metallic eyeliner. Luster Liner’s silky-smooth, ultrasoft pencil glides on like liquid metal over the lash lines and inner corners of the eyes. The creamy, waterproof formula blends easily and won't crease, fade, or flake—even after several hours. 
An ultra-pigmented, waterproof color for the eyes that won’t crease or smudge. This intense color provides a lasting coverage for the eyes. It stands up to everything the day can dish out and transitions well into evening without creasing or transferring.
Deep Golden Brown
A colorless, wax brow primer pencil. Designed to keep brows in place with flexibility, Brow Primer is best used after applying brow color for a subtle, yet defined look.
A dual-sided and angled, flat brush with ultra-soft bristles that’s designed for use with the DIPBROW™ Pomade. Apply and seamlessly blend in brow color with the Anastasia Beverly Hills Brush #14. With soft bristles and a slim handle that makes it easy to hold, this angled flat brush is perfect for getting artistic application and natural-looking brow color when used with the DIPBROW Pomade.
A tapered liner brush for creating precise eyeliner looks along the lash and water lines. The synthetic tapered bristles of this precise brush lay color down smoothly and easily for the perfect application every time.
Talc, Mica, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Tin Oxide, Triethoxycaprylylsilane. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), D & C Red No. 30 Aluminum Lake (CI 73360), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), FD & C Yellow No. 5 Aluminum Lake (CI 19140), Carmine (CI 75470), D & C Red No. 7 Calcium Lake (CI 15850 ).
Rimmel London Highlighting Powder is a Highlighter. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Sculpting Powder is a Contour. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Rimmel London Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A kit with three highlight and three contour shades in one easy-to-clean palette. Expertly sculpt and define your features with these highly blendable shades. A cream version of the cult-favorite original Contour Kit from Anastasia Beverly Hills, they come in Light to Deep kits to match all skintones. 
Coconut Shell
A sleek palette with six shades: three for highlighting and three for contouring. This collectible contouring kit features six blendable formulas to sculpt and define features. The darker shades are ideal for shading and defining, while the lighter shades are perfect for sculpting and enhancing features. Removable and refillable, the set contains all the shades you need to expertly emphasize your eyes, cheekbones, nose, and jawline.
Christian Louboutin Beaute Loubichrome Mini Nail Colour is a Nail Lacquer that retails for $30.00 and contains 0.20 oz. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Dimethicone, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Phenyl Trimethicone, Kaolin, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Mica, Polyethylene, Nylon-12, Gossypium Herbaceum (Cotton) Seed Oil, Isohexadecane, Silica, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Xanthan Gum, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Tripeptide-1, Lecithin, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Tocopherol, Citric Acid, [+/- (May Contain): Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 15850 (Red 6, Red 7 Lake), Ci 45410 (Red 28 Lake), Ci 45380 (Red 22 Lake), Ci 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), Ci 77491, Ci 77492 (Iron Oxides), Ci 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake)].
The #KylieCosmetics Kyshadow pressed powder eye shadow palette is your secret weapon to create the perfect Kylie eye. Each Kyshadow Kit comes with 9 pressed powder eye shadows that can be used together to recreate Kylie’s favorite looks or customize your own. 
The Kyshadow kit pressed powder eye shadows are talc and paraben free, have medium buildable coverage and a velvety smooth texture.
MINERAL TALC, MICA, MINERAL ZINC STEARATE, OCTYLDODECANOL (PLANT DERIVED), MYRISTYL LACTATE (PLANT DERIVED), OCTYLDODECYL STEAROYL STEARATE (VEGETABLE DERIVED), ISONONYL ISONONANOATE (PLANT DERIVED), TOCOPHEROL (PLANT DERIVED). (+/-) MAY CONTAIN: MINERAL PIGMENTS: TITANIUM DIOXIDE (77891), IRON OXIDES (77491, 77492, 77499), BLUE 1 (42090), CARMINE (75470), MICA (77019). 
Rouge Interdit is more than a lipstick: it's a fashion accessory with a designer signature. The black and silver tube is an objet d'art adorned with a ribbon at one end that unlocks this beautiful piece. Wear anytime, in any circumstance. When applied, it immediately soothes and softens. Its fine, spreadable texture melts over the lips. 
Maybelline's creamiest mattes, Color Sensational Inti-Matte Nudes are warmer, more sensational nudes for every skin tone. Pucker up to radiant, confident color that highlights one's natural beauty.
Precision color meets luxurious hydration. GIRL Lip Stylo features the color intensity of a lipstick fused with a luxurious blend of shea butter, jojoba, mimosa and sunflower seed for softer, fuller lips. The silky formula glides across lips for a second-skin feel with a lustrous finish.
With its virtually imperceptible texture, Diorskin Nude Air Luminizer reveals glowing skin for a radiantly luminous complexion. The universal shade can be adapted to any skintone and comes with a mini kabuki brush. Applied in gentle touches, the powder highlights areas of the face to catch and reflect light.
The pearls are finely pressed and handcrafted to form a beautiful mosaic of pink illuminating shades to make your complexion glow with the purest light of radiance. Inspired by the rosy shades of spring, the matte shades—pink glow and intense fuchsia—gently refresh and revive the complexion, while the light pink hue with multicolored reflections creates a perfectly tailored luminosity. Its Stardust technology, a diamond powder encapsulated in microspheres, ensures light is infinitely reflected to create a soft-focus perfecting halo on the skin.
An 18-well professional lip palette with shades ranging from primaries and neutrals to bold brights. Use Anastasia Beverly Hills Lip Palette to create an endless array of lip looks by mixing and customizing highly pigmented, long-wearing matte shades.
Anastasia Lipstick is a Lipstick. There are 18 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Isododecane, Bis-Hydroxylauryl Dimethicone/Ipdi Copolymer, Mica, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Cyclopentasiloxane, CI 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Silica, CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499 / Iron Oxides, Cyclohexasiloxane, Nylon-12, Dicalcium Phosphate Dihydrate, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Propylene Carbonate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, CI 15850 / Red 7 Lake, Silica [Nano] / Silica, Diisopropyl Dimer Dilinoleate, CI 15850 / Red 6, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Alumina, CI 42090 / Blue 1 Lake.
An eye liner that can be applied in the waterline for bold, saturated colour in one easy swipe.
MAC Crystal Glaze Gloss is a Lipgloss that retails for $22.00 and contains 0.41 oz. There are 8 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
A triple-layered pearl-swirl of lip gloss.
MAC Midnight Tryst that is limited edition.
A creamy, emollient formula for lips and cheeks in a palette of six shades.
MAC Cream Colour Base Eye Shadow Palette x 6 is a Eye Palette that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Full Face Kit is a Cheek Palette that retails for $40.00 and contains 0.33 oz. There are 2 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
MAC Dazzleshadow x4 Palette is a Eye Palette that retails for $32.00 and contains 0.21 oz. There are 1 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Talc, Alumina, Mica, Dimethiconol Stearate, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Fragrance (Parfum), Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polybutene, Isopropyl Isostearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Astrocaryum Tucuma Seed Butter, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Tin Oxide, Tocopherol, Lecithin, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Glyceryl Stearate, Glyceryl Oleate, Citric Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499, Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
Talc, Synthetic Sapphire, Mica, Dimethiconol Stearate, Isostearyl Neopentanoate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Fragrance, Astrocaryum Tucuma Seed Butter, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, Glyceryl Oleate, Glyceryl Stearate, Lauroyl Lysine, Lecithin, Polybutene, Tin Oxide, Tocopherol, Aluminum Hydroxide, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Iron Oxides, Red 7 Lake, Titanium Dioxide.
Light up your features with NYX Cosmetics' Duo Chromatic Illuminating Powder. Available in glowing shades, these silky powders blend like a dream for a fresh-faced look. Their breathtaking formula's light-catching pearls deliver a luminous finish that looks different from every angle. Brush this illuminating wonder along the highest points of the face - such as the cheekbones, bridge of the nose and Cupid's bow.
Up, up and Away We Glow! Let yourself get carried away with NYX Cosmetics' gorgeous liquid highlighter. This light-reflecting formula comes in wonderfully creamy yet lightweight shades. Give 'em a glow for irresistible illumination plus a shimmery finish. From soft to intense, the lighting you love most is totally buildable. Just dab and blend to add luminosity to any look.
J.Cat Beauty's multi-dimensional baked formula in the You Glow Girl Baked Highlighter brings instant glow all day long due to high intense shimmer pigment. It is designed to complement all skin tones and all skin types. The smooth texture blends effortlessly and gives the perfect luminous finish that complete your look. Free of phthalates, SLS, triclosan, propylene glycol and animal ingredients. Cruelty free.
Medium, buildable colour. Cream Colour Shadow formulas.
Set your makeup like the pros with this cult-classic invisible setting powder. Used on set by Hollywood makeup artists for years, RCMA No Color Powder sweeps seamlessly over skin, locking in a soft-focus finish that stays comfortably matte all day.
An easy-to-apply lipstick that delivers lasting, full-coverage colour and satiny shine in a smooth, comfortable texture. The twist-up retractable crayon offers convenient, on-the-go shading and impeccable touch-ups.
This light, cream-gel bronzer leaves skin with a velvety finish and a beautiful sun-kissed look.
Introducing the Silk and Bloom Blush Palette, an illuminating face powder, for a soft glow with a hint of colour. Taking inspiration from runway designs and fabrics, the palette is set within a geometric print pattern referencing antique wallpaper sourced from London’s Victoria and Albert Museum. Combining subtle rosy colour and illuminating pearls, the soft-as-silk powder creates a glowing, flushed effect on cheeks. The lightweight and easily blendable powder formula can be layered for custom intensity, with a non-chalky finish.
Urban Decay Strip Highlighter .
Urban Decay Naked on the Run Blush .
Urban Decay Naked on the Run Bronzer .
Use these pressed powders individually or blend them together to create just the right effect. Urban Decay’s micronized, jet-milled formula has a luxe, featherlight texture that feels amazing on your skin and provides a flawless finish. Light-diffusing particles enhance and perfect to for a fresh, glowy look, even after a late night. The color is intensely pigmented yet blends beautifully, and the universal shades are versatile enough for any skintone. 
Pros in Smashbox's L.A. photo studio were speechless when they saw how effortlessly this super-saturated, long-lasting gel pencil glides on. It stays blendable for a few seconds so you have playtime to create limitless looks.
Finally, a comfortable liquid lipstick with intense color in an ultra-matte finish. With concentrated pigments, Artist Liquid Matte provides truly matte, saturated color payoff with a lightweight feel. Its unique formula boasts beeswax for long-lasting wear and avocado oil for soft, nourished lips. The precise applicator coats and defines every peak and valley of your lips to perfection.
Create a wide-eyed look with Marc Jacobs Beauty’s Fineliner Ultra-Skinny Gel Eye Crayon. It captures the ease and glide of the award-winning Highliner Gel Eye Crayon in a revolutionary ultra-thin, two millimeter, unbreakable tip. Featuring a transformative gel formula, it glides on precisely for flawless application and sets in place for all-day wear. With its precise, malleable tip, Fineliner is ideal for tightlining and lining the waterline with ease—and with its waterproof wear, it lasts. 
Urban Decay Naked Flush Blush is a Blush. There are 3 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
Two shades (one dark and one light) complement for shaping lips with high pigmentation in a velvet matte finish. Using the dual-ended applicator, featuring a sponge on one end and a lip brush on the other, both shades can be applied to create a subtle to dramatic ombré effect. The powder-gelèe formula features emollient oils and a blend of polymers that provide rich color release and adherence. Each color combination is designed to complement every skin tone.
Tom Ford Beauty Shade & Illuminate Lip Color is a Lipstick. There are 12 shades that have been released, which you can select from below.
