6 Bloggers from the furthest reaches of the globe tried out The ONE’s Lip Sensation Matte Mousse – check out their style secrets and how they wore it!
Alexandra Ivanisevic, MexAlex:
“I don't have very big lips so I feel like the matte effect is perfect for me. I don't know why, but it makes my lips feel bigger! I will be letting my lips get all the attention, wearing them with natural makeup and a simple outfit – the matte effect is awesome, which is why it should be the centre of attention. I’ll be keeping it simple.”
Natasha Ngan, Girl in the Lens
“Matte makeup always has such a luxe feel, whilst still being great for everyday wear. It has that effortlessly sexy vibe. If I'm going for a matte lip, I keep the rest of my make up simple - a flick of eyeliner and a touch of bronzer is enough! I also like wearing it with my hair tied back to bring even more attention to the lipstick. In the daytime I pair it with a simple white shirt and boyfriend jeans combo to keep the vibe casual but with a touch of elegance - a pair of heels completes the style! In the evening I like to play up the colour of my lipstick with a matching dress - there's something so vibrant about a coral lip with a coral dress, especially in summer.” 
"Don't be afraid of lipstick. You shouldn't fear being fantastic and feeling wonderful!"
Victoria Moiseeva, Koffka the Cat
"This trendy and super-versatile lipstick shade blends perfectly with any skin tone - from very light to dark! The burgundy colour looks really pretty with the mousse texture and velvety matte finish, which is why I wanted to create this Goth-inspired look. To do it, I left eyes and brows as natural as I could – it reminds me of velvety rose petals."
Adela Mazankova, The Aesthet
“I like au natural makeup, and as you can probably see from my photos, I stick to natural earthy and basic colours in my closet as well. I fell in love with the nude shade of the Lip Sensation Toffee cream and the fact that it’s matte, because it works a little like foundation - just for my lips. It's fresh and the consistency is very light and not sticky at all, yet it lasts very long – it’s quickly become my daily beauty product! The matte makeup trend goes with everything, day or night, but my spring style looks like this: a mix of white, grey or nude, with lots of little details and layers. I’m currently in love with the (micro)trend of bare shoulders and knots – on everything!”
Fatma Zahi, Street Style Tunisia 
“First things first: I’m a lipstick addict. For me, this is THE essential beauty product. When it comes to makeup I’m daring and there’s no limit to the textures and colours I wear, but I confess that matte red lips are my darlings! I wear them day or night, to work or to go out with friends. They’re easy and don’t require must effort, whilst adding a touch of sophistication and giving an instant beauty boost.”
Sofia Novais de Paula, Diario de Batom
“I love wearing leather and this matte lipstick pairs perfectly with it. I like everything about it: how easy it is to apply, the way it fills my lips, the colour and tone, how long it lasts – it suits my personality perfectly. Before I applied it I used a lip pencil to define my lips, applied the Matte Mousse and pressed my lips together. I take my lipstick everywhere and use a makeup remover or wet wipe to remove any excess colour before I reapply. If you’re trying this look for the first time my advice is this: don’t be afraid of lipstick. You shouldn’t fear being fantastic and feeling wonderful!”
How does beauty work with a sustainable lifestyle? We ask Antonia Simon-Stenberg: she knows. Antonia works every day to prove you can look good, guilt-free. As Oriflame Vice President Sustainability and Quality, her job brings together two worlds she loves: serious science, and glamour at the forefront of the beauty scene. We were curious about Antonia’s beauty style, so we sat down for a chat.
We hear the term “sustainable” a lot these days, but what does it actually mean?
At Oriflame it means creating responsible products with natural ingredients, which meet our strong environmental policies and have a minimal impact on the environment. But environmental sustainability isn’t just about the products themselves, it’s about trying to limit the environmental impact of everything that we do.
And for Oriflame, it’s always been about improving people’s lives. And not just for our customers, suppliers and employees, but for the wider community too.
Is there a link between beauty and sustainability?
Absolutely! We’ve just developed a new sustainability strategy – the vision is creating makeup and beauty products responsibly. Our customer should be able to focus on her needs and not have to worry about the ingredients, regardless of whether she’s looking for the right moisturizer for her skin type or the latest lipstick shade.
Why did you make beauty your career?
I like the glamour of it, combined with the serious, technical aspects.
Is there an Oriflame accomplishment that you’re particularly proud of?
The launch of Ecobeauty! It’s the first global cosmetic range to receive accreditation from leading independent sustainability organisations. Not only is it wholly committed to natural, ethical and environmentally responsible ingredients and processes, it’s also a skin care range that offers fantastic results.
Describe your skin care regime!
Flawless skin is my ultimate goal. As I’m getting closer to my 40s, a proper skincare routine that gives my skin lots of hydration is essential. My must-haves are a gentle cleanser, a hydrating day cream and a rich, nourishing night cream. I also regularly use a serum to improve skin tone and bring radiance back to the skin.
What actions has Oriflame taken to becoming a more sustainable company?
From an ingredient perspective, we make sure that we understand how natural, ethical and environmentally responsible all of our ingredients are, so that we can make informed decisions when we do. For example, we’ve now removed plastic micro-beads from our formulations and replaced them with natural origin exfoliates, a more sustainable alternative.
We’re also incredibly proud that today 67% of electricity at our manufacturing sites is from renewable sources, and that since 2010 we’ve reduced our CO2 emissions by 30%.
Add to that a commitment to sustainable palm oil, paper and product packaging, reduced dependency on petroleum and a long-standing belief in animal welfare and you get an idea of the work we’re doing! We’ve done a lot, but we know that there’s always more that we can do.
Wondering how to become a digital success? We asked out 7 digital leaders from Oriflame India to share their best advice on how to successfully build their Oriflame Business Online.
“While building your Oriflame business through digital media, it is important to create a complete online system for yourself. I prospect using social media, website helps me to recruit, webinars and chat apps help me to effectively manage communication and train people my network. It’s important for you too to have an online system for your Oriflame business to succeed and grow fast.” 
- Priyanka Bhatia from Delhi 
“People don’t come to social media to buy products, instead they seek fun, engaging and inspiring content. Social media is a best platform to attract people towards your lifestyle and business opportunity. So, our best tip is to give people a glimpse of your fun moments, business events, travel and your passion to empower others. Use communication apps and webinar tools to keep your network engaged and motivated.” 
- Purvi & Pritesh Shah from Ahmedabad 
“I just want to say that ‘Be Yourself’. Show your best and witty side to people and they get attracted to it. The quality and engaging content you post on daily basis helps you to establish your personal brand and people start recognising you. Keep it simple, excellent quality pictures and short engaging videos do the trick. Also, be very fun & cordial while talking to people, it works like a charm.” 
- Camelia Chaudhary from Kolkata
“Textual posts are a passé, people on social media want good pictures and splendid video content. Choose from the plethora of photo and video editing apps to make your content interesting, visually appealing and emotionally captivating. Engage with all the people who reach out to you via comments and messages.” 
- Anuradha Rao from Mumbai
“Never underestimate the power of listening and actively engaging with prospects on social media. You can produce appropriate content and get lots of attention but if you’re not there to value and appreciate the efforts of people, reply to their questions, you have already lost the game. Be active, daily.” 
- Leela Boominathan from Coimbatore
“No matter what you do, discipline and schedule is very important. My best tip to succeed on social media is having a properly set schedule and content calendar for all my posts. The planning makes things very convenient, it helps me to better frame my posts and get better results.” 
- Nandini Kishan from Delhi
“The first tip is to know which social media platform to start from, because each medium has its own dynamics and audience. Once you choose the platform, then you need to come up with a proper content plan to engage people in your community. Use chat apps and other online tools to engage people in your network, it saves you a lot of time and helps you to create an online system for yourself.” 
- Vivek & Manisha from Lucknow
We asked 4 young digital leaders from Oriflame India to share their advice on how to successfully promote their Oriflame Business Online.
With more and more people spending time on internet, digital is no more choice but a necessity, so we need to promote our Oriflame business where most of our potential prospects are. While talking about Oriflame products, don’t clutter your social media with huge discounts and offers, rather talk about the product utilities, benefits and use very attractive pictures to inspire your followers.  Share your stories and personal experiences to the world as people aren’t always interested in knowing about products or the opportunity. My primary prospecting tool is Instagram and I believe in having a proper content plan for your daily posts and engage your community through exciting content, contests and giveaways. I am currently building my digital brand ‘The Bustlingbuzz’ through visually attractive content talking about Fashion, Beauty, Makeup, Travel and other perks of being an Oriflamian.  I also make sure to make the most of Instagram Stories, IGTV and boost my visibility through an appropriate set of Hashtags for my Instagram posts. 
Dhana Aharshini, Coimbatore
One should be present and speak where the audience is, and I believe internet is the best place to talk about the Oriflame opportunity. With people spending most of the time Online, it's one of important channels to show the Oriflame Opportunity and the kind of lifestyle it offers. To succeed through Digital, I insist to be active on the social media, actively engage with the people, build relationships and eventually your personal brand. I recommend starting from the Facebook because of its huge userbase, interestingly 95% of my recruits come through Facebook only. Other than posting engaging content try networking in various Facebook groups and find potential prospects for your Oriflame Business. It’s important to use a Webinar tool to conduct opportunity meetings and trainings. To succeed through digital, try to create an Online System for your Oriflame business and inspire people by giving them a glimpse into your lifestyle. 
People come on social media to seek quality and useful content. To promote my Oriflame Business, I primarily use Instagram for prospecting and post high utility content and great quality pictures. I know my target audience, so I write my captions accordingly and try to weave certain kind of emotion or call-to-action in my posts, it yields me even greater engagement. Digital is continuously evolving so I make sure I make the best of latest tools and technologies like Webinar feature in Facebook Live or IGTV to showcase my product and opportunity specific videos on Instagram. 
Just like an Offline System for your Oriflame Business, Online work needs a set of tools and a planned approach to publish and promote your content. Once you have quality leads contacting you, make sure you maintain data of all your leads, contact them immediately and host an opportunity meeting via a good Webinar tool. Have readymade calling and chat templates to save yourself a great deal of time and efficiently use chat apps to stay in touch with your new recruits and your network 
Aishwarya Radhani, Ahmedabad
My success ladder with Oriflame opportunity started as a consultant at a pretty age of 19 years within a short span of 8 months to the level of Sr. Manager, next to the Director level at 22 years only. For me digital is all about ‘BEING YOU’. Be yourself and let the world know about your dreams, aspirations and passion through great and stunning visual content.  The quality content I post on Instagram & Facebook gives me quality leads, posting fun & engaging Stories, going Live is new way to get attention from followers on daily basis. I invest wisely in selected boost posts for better outreach and engagement. I conduct my Opportunity Meetings and Trainings via Webinars. WhatsApp helps me to communicate within my network and convert potential prospects. Undoubtedly the possibilities with digital are endless and we need to put our best foot forward there.
Meet Frida Vesterberg, the Swedish model who together with Swedish television star and model Sofia Hellqvist started Project Playground in Cape Town, South Africa. Read more about Frida, a beauty inside and out, and learn more about her charity work and her beauty tips.
Frida came to meet us looking naturally beautiful wearing her hair out with a sun-kissed face and a big smile, glowing of wellbeing. Eight years after first arriving in South Africa for a modelling job, she now calls Cape Town her home, where she works and raises a family.
“At first I volunteered, but I felt that there were so many inefficiencies, so I decided to start my own organisation instead,” she tells us. Frida met Sofia Hellqvist in 2009 through a friend. “I emailed her and we met for coffee one evening. Soon we registered our charity in Sweden.”
They started Project Playground in 2010 – an after-school program for 300 kids and youth from the shantytown Langa. At their offices in Sweden, Sofia and two colleagues focus on marketing and donor relations, while Frida works on the ground in Langa.
IMAGE ON THE RIGHT: Frida together with her two godchildren Hlumelo and Lali, and their mother Fundi who works for the handicap division Play on wheels.
“We offer kids a safe place to go after school when many of them would otherwise be at home alone or out on the streets at a very dangerous time of day. It’s about physical safety, but also about development for these children, giving them a safe place to just be children. We offer everything from soccer to dance, and everything is free.”
What are you most proud of?
“I’m really proud of my staff; they work so hard. I’m also super proud when I see the children’s development, how they improve at school and become more self-confident. I’m also very proud of our school for the handicapped. We are the only such program in Langa and it’s one of my biggest achievements in life.”
You recently had your first child. How does that feel?
“It was amazing giving birth here. I had to really fight for a natural birth and it was one of the most amazing things I have ever experienced. We’ve named him Ilaan, which means ’good person’.”
I’m outdoorsy, and don’t love the gym. The outdoors is one of the things I love most about Cape Town. I love fresh air, so I run and climb. I did prenatal yoga when I was pregnant which I loved, but I’m not really a yoga person. I wish I was but it’s just not for me.
I’m a vegetarian and I don’t like the idea of hormones and stuff like that in my food. I eat mostly raw food and I recommend drinking plenty of water and avoiding frozen food and ready-made meals.
Soap and water! It’s a trick I learned from my mom who has always had amazing skin.
Smokey eyes. I like that look but I’m not so great at creating it. But for every day I think mascara, lip balm and a tan look best.
I always use SPF 30 and 50. Don’t mess around with sun protection!
WHAT SHE MISSES MOST FROM HOME:
Candy, friends and family.
Be inspired by the inner and outer beauty of two strong women! We are already celebrating International Women’s Day on 8 March by taking a look at two heroines whose actions are making the world a little more beautiful.
Beslan was shaken by a tragic school siege in 2004. Supermodel Natalia Vodianova was so touched, she started the Naked Heart Foundation to help traumatised children. They first built a park to give kids a place to recapture joy. Natalia has been raising funds ever since and Naked Heart opened its 100th playground in 2013. Naked Heart is also working to prevent the placement of children with disabilities in orphanages.
Get Natalia’s romantic look by blending taupe shadow from the middle of the lid to the outer corner. Apply black mascara to your lashes and finish the look with a nude lip.
Supermodel Christy Turlington nearly bled to death during childbirth. Luckily, she had access to superb medical care and recovered. She later found out that childbirth is still the most common cause of death among women worldwide. Christy now runs Every Mother Counts and has raised funds for projects including improvement of specialist maternity care in developing countries.
Capture Christy’s radiance by smoothing lightweight tinted moisturiser over your face. Sweep bronzer along the cheekbones and top with subtle peach blush. Apply black liner at the upper lash line and black mascara. Line inside the lower lash line with black eye pencil and fill in your brows with brow shadow. Tint your lips with a hydrating lipstick in a rose beige shade.
WOMEN’S LIVES CAN BE SAVED
Good news for the world and Every Mother Counts: Swedish scientists believe we can wipe out toxaemia. They have developed a new drug that lowers blood pressure and heals damaged tissue in sheep with the condition. They will soon begin testing on mice and – if all goes well – on women, in about five years. The plan is to develop test strips so that symptoms of this serious condition can be easily and cheaply detected in time to save the lives of countless women and babies.
She’s a cool and stylish Pippi Longstocking-type figure, passionately committed to people and the environment. Meet radiant beauty and Oriflame Vice President Sustainability and Quality Antonia Simon-Stenberg…
How does beauty work with a sustainable lifestyle? Ask British-Swedish Antonia Simon-Stenberg: she knows. Antonia works every day to prove you can look good, guilt-free. Her job brings together two worlds she loves: serious science, and glamour at the forefront of the beauty scene. We were curious about Antonia’s beauty style, so we sat down for a chat.
Is there a link between beauty and sustainability?
– Absolutely! We’ve just developed a new sustainability strategy – the vision is creating makeup and beauty products responsibly. Our customer should be able to focus on her needs and not have to worry about the ingredients, regardless of whether she’s looking for the right moisturiser for her skin type or the latest lipstick shade.
Why did you make beauty your career?
– I like the glamour of it, combined with the serious, technical aspects.
Success came quickly for Antonia, although the road to a totally sustainable beauty brand is an ongoing journey. She’s particularly proud of one of Oriflame’s recent accomplishments: 
– We recently launched the first global cosmetic range to receive accreditation from leading independent sustainability organisations (Editor’s note: Ecobeauty). Inspiration from nature and respect for the environment are key to our product philosophy.
Describe your skin care regime!
– Flawless skin is my ultimate goal. As I’m getting closer to my 40s, a proper skincare routine that gives my skin lots of hydration is essential. My must-haves are a gentle cleanser, a hydrating day cream and a rich, nourishing night cream. I also regularly use a serum to improve skin tone and bring radiance back to the skin.
Despite her natural take on beauty, Antonia’s not interested in fitting into anyone else’s template when it comes to her choices – both personally and professionally.
– Working with environmental issues doesn’t mean you have to wear Birkenstocks, though women who can make jeans and a top look like couture can inspire me.
Antonia’s really looking forward to getting a peep at the new looks for spring – and so are we!
Passionate, joyful, determined. We are inspired by Anna De Geer, Secretary-General of the World Childhood Foundation.
One day Anna De Geer is crawling tunnels under the streets of St Petersburg. The next she is talking ideas in New York with Princess Madeleine of Sweden, the public face of the World Childhood Foundation. But one thing never changes.
‘I am passionate about human rights,’ De Geer says at the World Childhood Foundation office in Stockholm. ‘Including everyone’s right to a childhood.’
De Geer balances motherhood and a high-level, global job – and looks good while she’s at it. Her eyes are framed in lashings of black mascara and her skin is flawless with a hint of peach on high cheekbones. She is chic in a white shirt, elegant black jacket and dark jeans. Later, she is off to a football do with her teenage son. Going straight from work to a party is typical – all aspects of life are intertwined.
– Not at all. I love my work. Some say you should separate work and life, but why? Everything flows.
Her greatest joy is seeing the difference the foundation is making in the lives of children. As for beauty, it means many things to De Geer. ‘I enjoy looking at beautiful people and clothes, but also serious art. Beauty adds to life.’
Do you like feeling beautiful?
– Sure! But it’s “all in the eye of the beholder.” I think even people who say they don’t care about beauty still want to express their style.
She believes beauty is a feeling and how you feel is up to you. ‘For a pick-me-up, I wear beautiful undies. No one can see it, of course, but I know. It gives me secret confidence.’ De Geer’s high-octane life means her makeup bag has to hold everything she needs for a fabulous face in minutes.
How do you choose beauty products?
– I need products that work and can be used in lots of ways – mixed with water or Vaseline and used as eye shadow or lip colour, for example.
– Eyeliner and mascara, always. And I’ve started using a bit more eye shadow to de-emphasise the wrinkles, she laughs.
It’s good to know that even radiantly beautiful superwomen obsess just a tiny bit about their flaws. ‘It seems I always have dark circles, so I am meticulous about eye creams.’ Once the signs of fatigue are gone, it’s time to tame the tresses. ‘I have the world’s curliest hair. I’ve spent so much time and money over the years on smooth-this and anti-frizz-that. Finally a friend said, “Face it, Anna, you’ve curly hair – go with it” and she was right. So now I use shampoo for curly hair instead.’
– Yes, but I love it. I was at the salon yesterday and it was straight for a while after, but it’s started to curl again. Curl power!
As Oriflame celebrates its 50th year, it also marks its ongoing commitment to sustainability with its Beautiful Change campaign. We spoke to Oriflame’s Vice President of Sustainability Antonia Simon-Stenberg to find out more.
WHAT DOES THE BEAUTIFUL CHANGE CAMPAIGN MEAN TO YOU? 
I’ve always believed that you should be able to look and feel gorgeous without harming the planet – that beauty is far bigger than the way you look, that it’s about the way you act!
This philosophy is at the heart of Oriflame’s Beautiful Change campaign. It’s about the small changes we make in our lives to help the world become more beautiful. It’s about the changes Oriflame is making, and has been making for the last 50 years. And it’s also about sharing the stories our 3 million-strong community to inspire others to do great things too. 
WHY IS THIS CAMPAIGN SO IMPORTANT TO ORIFLAME? 
We’ve been doing good things for a long time – it’s in our company DNA. What we haven’t done, is talk about it. 
Beautiful Change is a way for us to start telling all the amazing stories we have from around the world that contribute to making the world a better place. From creating opportunities for people to improve their lives and bringing beauty and wellbeing to the many, to giving back to local communities and nature. We have so much to share!
WHAT IS ORIFLAME’S ULTIMATE GOAL WHEN IT COMES TO SUSTAINABILITY? 
Our long-term goal is – and has always been – to become a sustainable company. But we know we have a long way to go, and are committed to getting there! Every day we’re taking steps in the right direction. 
TELL US ABOUT SOME RECENT HIGHLIGHTS THAT HAVE TAKEN ORIFLAME CLOSER TO THAT GOAL. 
We want to care for our oceans, so we’ve banned plastic beads from all of our products. Our rinse-off products within our Love Nature range are all biodegradable too, so you can use our products without having to worry about harming our oceans. 
We also love our planet’s forests: 99% of our catalogue paper comes from credibly certified forests and all our paper packaging is FSC certified. These small steps contribute to conserving our planet. 
And we love the air we breathe, so we are committed to reducing our CO2 emissions by 50% by 2020, and I’m proud to say that we’re on track to meeting this goal! 
And finally, this year, through sales of Tenderly Promise, we donated €1 million to World Childhood Foundation. 
HOW CAN OUR READERS GET INVOLVED? 
Any change, big or small, can make a big difference to your local community or the planet. It doesn’t need to be complicated. Just think of the huge impact we can make, if all 3 million people that are connected to Oriflame make a small change for the better. There’s no limit to what we can do!
HOW CAN WE SEE WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE DOING? 
We want to recognize and celebrate the changes people are making, but to do so we need to hear about them! Sharing a picture on Facebook and Instagram with #BeautifulChange and tagging @oriflame means we can find out who the heroes are in our community. Check out this hashtag to discover other heroes too.
I am Blessing Shimray from Shillong and I come from an average family. Since my school days I was fondly using some of the Oriflame products, but as I entered college, I began to like almost all the products and realised, they were truly exceptional with high quality and great performance. Many of my friends and relatives approached me to join Oriflame, but I guess they did not try enough!
My journey started with Oriflame started in the year 2008 and since then there has been no looking back. Today, in span of just 10 years, I have become a proud Double Diamond Director.
The way to success is very simple, all it needs is taking one small step and get started. I believe that having good product knowledge is the essence & it plays a vital role as our products are world class, so before we train others, we got to equip and update ourselves immensely.
The success factors behind my achievements in Oriflame has been these three simple actions: Attending all the trainings & meetings conducted by Oriflame, Duplicating these trainings & meetings and Ensuring that my leaders duplicate the same further in their networks.
I have come to realise that it’s only a matter of how determined we are to fulfil our dreams that we execute the plans to achieve them. It’s only a matter of time before we know we have superseded our own expectations and I stand as a live example that dreams do come alive in Oriflame. I have travelled to more than 10 countries and 20 plus international destinations, all sponsored by Oriflame. Owing a luxurious SUV Duster from Oriflame and now qualifying for the high-end Fortuner for me is a matter of great pride. A handsome six figure monthly income, many six figure bonus cheques on reaching every new title and this journey has been about so much more.
The only question is, how passionate are you about fulfilling your dreams, because with Oriflame sky is the limit!
We asked 4 digital leaders from Oriflame India to share their advice on how to successfully promote their Oriflame Business Online.
Kanwaljeet Bhasin from Delhi
I have always been a SARPIO Leader & firmly believe that success in any work depends on Team, System & Strategies. After working offline for 18 years, almost a year back I started working towards an Online System for my Oriflame business. It’s effective, saves time and allows more network growth & successes as compared to Offline. First identify your personal brand and then find relevant social reworks to promote that. Have a proper plan for your content and make sure your posts look beautiful, add value to your online community and prompts viewers to take some action. Plan your monthly budget for advertising and continuously monitor your performance. I also recommend having personalized opportunity meetings for effective recruitment, segment communication, personalized trainings, online recognitions to ensure motivation and leadership development within your network. Don’t be afraid to make mistakes, learn from yourself and get inspired from what other leaders are doing. 
Digital is no longer an option, but a necessity and I have personally felt how rewarding digital can be for your Oriflame Business. I use social media as my major prospecting tool and YouTube has emerged to be my favourite. The fun & flexibility to create utility, informational valuable videos around Oriflame Opportunity excites me and what best than producing videos in regional language yields me better engagement & results. My suggestion for Oriflamians is to produce more video content; while shooting your videos be confident, to the point and practice your delivery.  Properly though titles, captions and using relevant tags will increase your views & subscription. 
Shalini Periwal from Bangalore
I am an ardent believer that a successful business is structured on a dynamic strategy and a sustainable support system. Working digitally has allowed me to the freedom and a balance I had been looking for. Facebook, Instagram & YouTube are my key prospecting tools and help me to position myself as an Entrepreneur & Lifestyle Expert. Webinars are integral to ensure recruitment, daily communication, trainings and eventually Leadership Development. My suggestion is to have a social media content plan for better outreach & engagement and an online Oriflame SARPIO for network growth. Have some monthly budget to boost your content and promote your business. Also have sample recruitment messages for better and faster conversion and undoubtedly personalized recruitment trainings ensure better recruitment rate.
My approach to working online for Oriflame is simple; be yourself, have a plan for your content & trainings, be consistent and work towards developing your personal brand. I prospect primarily via Facebook; a personal website helps me to recruit and establish more credibility. Personalized training and segment communication ensure leadership development. My suggestion to other leaders is to first plan and develop an online system for your Oriflame business, try and test out the methods that work best for you and then duplicate the same within your network.
We have turned 50! And in light of the anniversary we’re curious to learn more about the remarkable men who started Oriflame. So, Mike Hibbs sat down with our founders, Robert and Jonas af Jochnick, for an exclusive interview.
When Robert and Jonas quit their jobs at successful, well-established companies 50 years ago, people thought they were crazy. But they had a big idea, and even bigger ambition. And with loads of self-belief and unwavering positivity, they have made Oriflame one of the largest beauty companies in the world. 
When asked where they got their winning mentality from, the answer is obvious – they got it from each other. Being very competitive since childhood, they always played a lot of sports and arranged contests at home. According to their sister, they even timed themselves running to school. It never ended. And this competitiveness has played a huge role in Oriflame’s success over the years.
“We were so used to fighting for what we believed in. It was imprinted in our DNA. But also in our culture and our kind of business – it was so passionate.” Robert says. 
That fighting spirit becomes apparent when you hear how they’ve dealt with challenges over the years. It’s as if they don’t recognise problems – but only see opportunities. Opportunities to change things and make them better. 
“Never ever give up. There is always a better way somewhere. Entrepreneurship is when you’ve got your back to the wall but manage to find a way out.” Jonas says. 
This winning mentality obviously rubbed off, since everyone who joined Oriflame over the years shared the same great energy and values. They never gave up either. Robert and Jonas took particular care when hiring Country Managers. They knew that choosing like-minded people was crucial to keeping the special Oriflame culture alive. 
And of course, the same applies to the sales force. Oriflame quickly became, and still is, a magnet for those who strive to make a positive change in their life, and also the lives of everyone around them. Those people have become symbols of success within Oriflame – symbols of the amazing things that can happen when people join. 
Jonas looks back on these earlier days with huge warmth and satisfaction: 
“It was so incredibly exciting just meeting all these people. Many said they lacked self-confidence and couldn’t talk to other people, and we said: “You’ll be surprised. When I see you in a year’s time you will be a Leader – standing on the stage”. And true enough, there they were.” 
Witnessing this kind of positive change in peoples’ lives is what makes Jonas and Robert feel most proud of all. 
"What really makes us happy is the lives we’ve helped change. It’s a beautiful feeling.” Robert says. “This business opportunity has enabled so many people to fulfil their dreams – they’ve put their children through school, had the chance to become entrepreneurs and to grow as individuals." 
They believe that selling dreams and opportunity is incredibly inspiring – something that brings meaning to life. They also strongly believed that all good things should be accessible to everyone – not to the privileged few. Put simply, Oriflame offers everyone the opportunity to fulfil their dreams and change their lives – to look, feel and live better. 
“Could you ever imagine that we would make such a difference to so many people?” Robert asks his older brother, Jonas. 
And that difference it’s not just monetary. The brothers realised quickly that Consultants enjoyed growing as people through their new jobs. They also noticed that the higher Consultants climbed on the Oriflame Career Ladder, the more they felt part of a warm and supportive family. 
“Oriflame is a family business with family values” 
Those family values are at the very core of the business. Being brothers had an enormous effect on this of course. It came naturally. While competitors might try to emulate a family feeling, it’s impossible to recreate the real thing. And Robert and Jonas saw the positive effect this had on attracting people to their sales force. So much so, that sometimes whole families joined the business. 
But, however big the company has gotten, success is in the details. The fleeting moments of kindness between brothers, their natural ability to communicate in a very “down-to-earth” way, and how they always deal with people in a very positive, understanding way. 
It’s these small, yet extremely powerful characteristics that have driven Oriflame for the last 50 years. And they will continue to drive Oriflame for many more to come.
Beautiful illustrations in pencil, ink and water color are Lina Ekstrand's artistic hallmarks. See how she's turned her art into an exciting Oriflame collaboration.
Lina Ekstrand's illustrations can be found in art exhibitions, magazines and even in collaborations with different artists. Not only does she work in her home country of Sweden, the past years she has also lived and worked in Berlin, London, Mexico and New York. Her latest projects is the Lina Ekstrand Collection, a colorful new collaboration with Oriflame consisting of a printed scarf, an umbrella and poncho featuring a beautiful specially designed print by the red hot illustrator.
"We asked Lina to bring out a print reminiscent of autumn but still wearable all year around," Johanna Tosi, Product Developer at Oriflame explains. Working closest with Lina during the collaboration, she says the artist's unique talent and aesthetic was a key driver in the decision to bring Lina in to work with the brand: "Lina is a new and interesting Swedish graphic designer with lively playful and enticing illustrations which we find suitable for our brand. It has been so inspiring to work with a professional illustrator and having her creativity in the team."
Lina Ekstrand herself describes her pattern as a taste of a walk in a Scandinavian forest. "I wanted that umbrella to be like standing under a large forest carpet or like walking in the woods in the autumn, picking mushrooms in a sea of leaves, only to then lower your gaze and be urban chic again." "I have been looking in old bird books and also done trips to the woods where I have picked branches of trees and different plants and studied the sea of leaves. The nature is my biggest source of inspiration. Lately I have also taken up meditation and it gives me so much to be able to go into my own world to collect ideas and images," she says.
What was it that attracted her to do this collaboration? "For me it's been fun working with the three-dimensional." Lina explains. "I have wanted to work with prints in this type of way for a long time. It is such an entertaining work process and a contrast to the one-dimensional drawings and illustrations I do for commercial assignments and magazines. I also find a colorful umbrella with beautiful details are a nice contrast and complement to the classic colors for this autumn."
"Another thing that attracts me to Oriflame is that just because it's a beauty brand many people think it's all about surface, but for me it is inspiring to know that the company actually also provides women in developing countries a chance to create their own income by selling their products. I think it is a shame that not more people know about that!"
March the 8th marks International Women’s Day, a day where we celebrate the achievements of women worldwide. This year we have selected five women, inspiring us with their courage, strength and graciousness.
Emma Watson has come a long way since she first graced our screens as Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter films. Since then she’s modelled for top fashion labels, graduated from university, trained to be a yoga teacher and been appointed a UN Goodwill Ambassador campaigning for gender equality. The fresh faced 24 year old has handled her fame with grace and poise – her “HeForShe” campaign speech was met with a standing ovation, and we can’t wait to see what she does next!
From Refugee to the Runway
Alek Wek fled civil war in South Sudan, coming to London as a refugee in 1985. Here, she was scouted and fast became an international supermodel. Wek was the first African model to appear on the cover of leading fashion magazines, but aside from fashion and beauty she has dedicated her time to campaigning for refugees worldwide. Today Lupita Nyong’o sites her as an inspiration, as do we.
Bullets Couldn’t Hold Her Back
Malala Yousafzai is the youngest winner of the Nobel Peace Prize. At just 17, the young Pakistani has dedicated her life to campaigning for worldwide education. Five years ago she was writing an anonymous blog, which in 2012, resulted in her attempted assassination. Today she continues to fight for her own education and for young people everywhere.
The Actress Turned Activist
The world’s most beautiful woman is far more than just a pretty face. Angelina Jolie is an American actress, filmmaker, Academy Award award-winner, humanitarian and UN Goodwill Ambassador – she’s also a mother of six and married to Brad Pitt. Jolie has travelled the world donating to charitable causes, as well as offering on the ground support to those in need. 
South Korean figure skater Kim Yuna retired last year having never finished a competition off the podium. At 24 years of age she’s an Olympic champion, a published author, pop singer, TV host and philanthropist. She has been commended with her relief efforts in Haiti, Japan and the Philippines. She set up the “Little Yuna Youth Skaters Support Project” – a campaign dedicated to inspiring a new generation of skaters.
Josefine Åberg is the inspiringly successful Swedish designer and design director at Adidas Originals. Our Global Head of Editorial Anna Blom met the designer at a dinner during Fashion Week in New York to gain insight into her stunning beauty look.
Inspiration is everywhere. The question is how to look at things and how committed you are to ideas and objects in the world.
If you Google the word "beauty" it is described as "a characteristic of a person, an animal, a place, an object or idea that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure or satisfaction." And I think that statement is consistent with my belief about what beauty is.
Tell us about your beauty routine.
I try to go to the gym or go for a run before I go to work. Before exercise, I only use a mild facial soap. After my workout I use a mildly scented shower gel and for my hair I select a volume-building shampoo. I always put a little dab of conditioner on the ends without rinsing it off. I learned the trick from my mother who is a hairdresser.
After showering, I use an eye cream to protect the thin skin around the eyes, and then a rich moisturizer. For the body, I choose a lotion that lifts and builds up the skin's texture. In the evening I wash my face with a cleanser soap and dab it with a mild toner. Finally, I end with a soothing night cream that moisturizes, and an eye cream.
Are there any products you can’t do without?
I could never do without eye cream or deodorant. I am paranoid about smelling of sweat.
How important is makeup to you?
For me, it's always important to look healthy. My makeup varies all the time depending on what day it is and where I am in the world. During the week I use a fresh makeup: mascara, a correcting concealer or a mineral powder and an "all over the face colour" that I sweep over the cheekbones.
If I want to create a festive feeling, I put on a light foundation powder, highlight my eyes with an eyeliner and complete the look with an "all over the face colour" and a mascara.
If the fall of 2013 were an eye shadow what colour would it be?
Occupation: Design Director, Adidas Originals.
Age: 39. Lives : Nuremberg, Germany.
Make time on a casual Sunday: I'd rather not have too many plans for a free Sunday rather taking each day as it comes.
Best beauty advice: Drink lots of water and make sure you are on the go.
Favourite City: I love Hong Kong but probably a mix between Hong Kong and Los Angeles.
The vacation I prefer: Indonesia and Zanzibar.
Where do you shop when you go out there? All over - I am a nomad and like to wander.
Exclusive interview! Her serve is not the only stylish thing about Caroline Wozniacki – prima fashionista of sports.
How do you become the world’s best tennis player by the age of 20? Ask natural beauty Caroline Wozniacki and she’ll tell you ‘hard work, passion for the game and the will to be the best – in the entire world.’ She says all top seeds share these traits, but few can match her for moving a racket with feminine flair and confident radiance. Always seen in the latest tennis dresses, set off by flowing blond hair and glowing skin, we wanted to know how the star aces the style game too. We caught up with her in Istanbul and got the inspiring story.
– Being comfortable in your own skin. Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, and confidence is the key. If you believe you’re beautiful, you are. It’s as simple as that.
Maybe that’s why the prima fashionista of sport has been scaling the heights in Stella McCartney for years. The British designer really knows how to make feminine, ultra-functional fashion. Caroline says McCartney’s clothes give her the confidence to focus only on her performance on court.
We love her latest number: artfully cut and very body-con. Rumour has it the dress was inspired by McCartney’s Octavia Dress, a huge seller worn by celebs including Kate Winslet and Penelope Cruz.
Why did you pick this dress and what do you love about Stella?
– I’m always excited to see the new designs because I love wearing Stella McCartney. I love blue and the dress is comfortable and form fitting. I also love that Stella always finds a great balance between fashion and tennis so her designs are always special.
You once said you’re a perfectionist who always aims to be the best. Does that apply to style, too? 
 “I love fashion, so it’s important to me to look stylish on and off the court, but I try not to let trends control everything I wear. I like to have fun with my outfits and want my personality to shine through.’ 
What is your favourite beauty look? 
– Natural! I like my skin to feel light and clean, so I use products that are good for the skin. Sometimes I play with different eye shadows, or lip glosses because I hate when my lips feel dry.’
And your beauty regimen? Any must-have products?
– I like to keep my regimen simple and natural. I travel a lot, so I have to keep things easy and packable! I drink lots of water, get plenty of sleep and moisturise every day. And SPF is essential!
In an exclusive interview, the Hollywood star and actress Malin Åkerman reveals the secret behind her sophisticated eyes.
I love Malin Åkerman’s smouldering gaze! I’ve always wondered how she creates her stunning red-carpet beauty looks, often with bold eye makeup and subtle glossy lip colour. In an exclusive interview, the star reveals the secret behind her eye-catching look that makes the beauty known from Watchmen and 27 Dresses stand out in the sea of A-listers.
What’s the secret behind your stunning eye-makeup?
– To accentuate my eyes, I apply primer from the bottom of my lids to the base of my brows before sweeping a bold eye shadow across my lids. I always line my upper and lower lids in dark brown or black to create a cat’s-eye effect. I’ll finish off by lightly dabbing shimmery eye shadow on the inner corner of my eyes to make them stand out.
Describe your favourite makeup look.
– My favourite look is to create a smoky eye by enhancing my lids with dark eye shadow and bold eyeliner. To complement the dark shade on my eyes I create a dewy look with tinted moisturiser on my cheeks to keep my face fresh and luminous.
#TrophyWife‬‬ has been trending on Twitter lately. Your successful acting career is constantly evolving and now you’re a new mum, too. With such a busy lifestyle, how do you keep up with your beauty regimen?
– It’s definitely been a challenge balancing work with being a new mum, but I always make sure to plan meals ahead of time to stay healthy and not tempt myself with all the treats on set! Drinking plenty of water is also a must to keep my skin looking hydrated and rejuvenated.
What are your best quick fixes when you’re in a hurry?
– My go-to quick fixes are concealer, a little bronzer and mascara and I’m good to go!
What’s your best advice to up-and-comers dreaming of a career like yours?
– Believe in yourself!　Even if you hear a hundred "nos" before you hear your first "yes" it’s important to keep your head up and stay positive. If you don’t believe in yourself, no one else will.
For most people, a fashion job in New York is only a fantasy. Susanne Harl, Swedish founder of online boutique ‘Fina Du’, is living the dream.
Dreaming of adventure? My friend Susanne did more than dream: she quit her job to start an internet clothing business. I read about her in Vogue, which raved about Fina Du’s mix of Scandinavian designers. Soon afterward, I set up an interview. We’ve been friends ever since.
Based in an airy loft, she sells clothes by designers like Malina, Mayla, Greta and By Malene Birger. Susanne calls her style ‘relaxed elegance’ - forgiving, fascinating, feminine clothes. Meetings all day, dinner out, no time to go home and change? Fina Du has the answer. Scandi fashion is ice-hot and Susanne says it’s about more than how we blend function and femininity – the seduction is in the image. We’re inspired by Susanne and her stellar career.
Tell us about you – when did you move to New York?
– Six years ago. I relocated from Sweden with my former employer. I met my husband here (he was my neighbour) and we married in 2010. We have two kids and live in Tribeca. 
What made you set up Fina Du in the competitive NY fashion world?
– I’ve always been interested in fashion and wanted to bring my favourite Scandinavian designers to the US market. 
Your penthouse in Tribeca is stunning. What brought you here?
– Thanks! It's a great family neighbourhood. We live in the historic district with a view of the Hudson, which we love! 
What’s it like running a successful business selling Scandinavian fashion to American women?
– Challenging, interesting and fun! Fina Du now has customers all over the world. 
How would you describe your own fashion and beauty style?
– Classic and practical when I'm with my kids, effortlessly chic for work and going out.  
What’s your take on makeup?
– I believe you can enhance your personality with your makeup and overall style. You can set the mood with day/night makeup (like smoky eyes for evening). And pink lipgloss can really perk you up on the dullest day!
Your favourite party look?
– Strapless lace, Louboutin heels and red lipstick!
How do you create the perfect look for a romantic dinner?
– A feminine silk dress, a statement necklace, a clutch and my favourite heels. And self-tanner for instant glow!
What beauty products are always in your clutch?
Describe your favourite makeup look.
– Fresh-faced and natural!
What are your go-to beauty products for spring in New York?
– Body peeling with sweet almond oil to remove all the "winter dryness" and finish off with a lovely scented lotion. A nice self tanner for a healthy glow! 
What are your best beauty quick fixes when you are in a hurry?
– BB cream, concealer, nude gloss and bronzing powder.
We had a chat with Oriflame stylist and designer Camille Hägglund about her styling of our latest beauty campaign.
No two days are alike for Camille Hägglund, whose work takes her all over the world. As an Oriflame stylist, she buys and borrows clothes and accessories from press offices, or designs her own and has them made. She gathers influences from everywhere imaginable – including the home front. Folks of a dizzying array of nationalities come together in our Stockholm office; it’s a mad mix Camille really loves.
Camille has worked in fashion and advertising in many of the world’s fashion capitals. She’s especially fond of London, where she studied set and costume design at the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama. We caught up with this chic stylist just as she got back from our latest beauty shoot in South Africa.
What sparked the inspiration behind the styling?
– A bohemian style, which was inspired by Phoebe Philo’s collections for Chloé from the early 2000s. Some of the garments have a watercolour feel to pick up the colours in the campaign.
– I went for simple cuts, since the pieces are in vivid prints. It should feel fresh – a wardrobe for the modern, active woman.
What was your work process? 
– I wanted a lot of colour and print, since we’ve often used discreet colours and solids in the past. But I didn’t want the clothes to dominate the incredible atmosphere, the vibrant colours and setting in Cape Town. So I centred it around fabrics, colours and prints that harmonised with the setting without getting too busy.
What is your favourite makeup?
– I always start with moisturiser over my whole face. For everyday, I use a BB cream, a little translucent powder and blush on my cheeks. Blush works miracles and instantly makes you look more alert. Then I use a soft kohl pencil to line the entire eye, smudging and blending with an applicator. I finish with a taupe eye shadow and highlight with a lighter beige just under the brows.
– A lash curler, a concealer to hide dark circles and flaws, and a moisturising lip balm. 
CAMILLE’S FOUR BEST SPRING/SUMMER TRENDS
TRIBAL – This is a theme I think works really well for a summer collection. Fabulous colours, prints, fringes and 3D appliqués are key. Tribal is also a trend that feels fun applied to summer accessories.
METALLICS – I really love the mix of metallics with contrasting materials, such as cashmere.
ARTY – Big brush strokes, splashes of colour, the watercolour theme, spray paint and big, bold pop-art prints feel light and playful.
LUXE SPORT – Not the kind you wear to work up a sweat in the gym, but a much more luxurious and sexier version. It’s relaxed and wearable for the summer.
Meet Mademoiselle Robot, the inspiring super blogger who was born in Paris, lives in London – and spends her holidays in LA.
Back in 2007, London-based French fashionista Laetitia Wajnapel was on maternity leave and “blessed with a very sleepy baby”. She figured she’d use her spare time to share her everyday life and outfits with friends back home.
Fast-forward seven years and you’ll find Laetitia travelling the world to cover fashion weeks and collaborating with some of the world’s most coveted brands, – all thanks to her award-winning blog Mademoiselle Robot.
What’s the best thing about running Mademoiselle Robot?
– The freedom of doing what I want, when I want. I get to decide and shape my job every day, which is a privilege that I cherish.
You were born in Paris but nowadays you live in London; how come?
– I moved over here for love. It didn't work out, but I fell in love with the city instead and decided to stay. It was the right choice. I’m now happily married and doing a job I could only have dreamed of!’
What do you like to do when you’re not working?
– I read a lot, go for walks with my daughter, I see my friends... and I travel.’
Tell us about your perfect holiday…
– Los Angeles with my husband and daughter, mooching around drinking iced coffee, looking at art installations in LACMA and cycling on the beach.
How do you keep your hair and makeup fresh during long days out and about in the city?
– I think the key is to use good products with staying power and to apply them carefully in the morning so they can last all day. I brush my hair in the morning and do my makeup, but I rarely retouch it during the day. If I have an important meeting, I will reapply lipstick but that’s about it.
Is there a difference in your beauty routine when you go on holiday?
– When I’m on holiday, I moisturise more, especially if I fly long haul and my skin is dehydrated on arrival. Of course, I always wear SPF, the higher the better! For makeup, I wear much less when I’m away; just the bare minimum: mascara, bronzer and a bit of lip balm.
Meet the stunning beauty Jadyn Robinson, the model in our latest summer beauty shoot set in Cape Town, South Africa.
Hi Jadyn, how was the shoot today? We did both a swim and a spring trend story today.
– It has been a fantastic day, very fun!
Which one was your favourite look?
– The safari look, with the shorts and the little jacket with the hat that was part of the spring trends shoot.
What’s your regular beauty routine like?
­– I’m very natural as a person. I don’t wear too much makeup or do too much to my hair when not working. But I try not to wash my hair every day and I go for a hair treatment every month here in South Africa. It’s a very intense conditioning treatment so that I give my hair as much love as possible.
How did you become a model?
­– Funnily enough I actually started looking after a photographer’s child. He started taking photos of me, and introduced me to a lot of people. From there I got an agent. I was 16 back then, but I started professionally at about 17.
What do you like the most about modelling?
­– Travelling, definitely. Seeing the world and meeting new people. This year I was in France, Germany, Austria, Italy, oh and Iceland, which was amazing. Last year I was in New York, Miami and Taiwan.
Do you have a favourite place?
– I don’t think I’ve been there yet. I don’t like only being in a city; I definitely need nature. I like the idea of an escape. Coming from Cape Town it drives me crazy not to be around nature.
How do you dress when you’re off duty?
– Very hippie, long skirts, tie-dye, as free as I can possibly be. Not like a model.
Do you have any makeup tips?
– Just don’t overdo it. That’s my tip.
What do you want to do when you’re done with the modelling profession?
I ultimately want to become a Montessori kindergarten teacher. I’ve got to go back to school for that. For the moment I’m planning to go back and study aromatherapy while still modelling.
Can’t-live-without products: Concealer. Other than that it’s very simple for me.
Hobbies: I do yoga, and lots of walking back and forth from castings! I also surf, though I can’t do any tricks.
Meet successful Swedish fashion designer Valerie Aflalo, who recently launched a new accessory collection created exclusively for Oriflame.
“What do I want?” That’s the first question Valerie Aflalo asks herself when she starts working on a new collection. It begins with her own style and always has, ever since she started her own brand in 2005. It’s no wonder the internationally acclaimed former model and mum-of-two is her own muse: accentuated eyes glitter behind a cheeky fringe, perched above high cheekbones and surrounded by velvety skin. Her pretty looks are enhanced by her eclectic boho-chic style. Valerie is a glam version of the girl next door, and she also runs a popular blog on the digital platform of Swedish magazine Damernas Värld. We sat down for a chat with the designer and found out a few of her fashion secrets...
What inspired the new accessory collection you’ve created for Oriflame?
– I wanted a simple tunic you can wear on the beach. I’m a mum myself and like to slip something on when I’m walking around. It’s lovely to be able to sunbathe and just feel relaxed on the beach, or wherever you are.
What’s your best tip for easily updating our summer style? Any must-have pieces?
– Keep it simple. You can use everything in the collection every day during the summer, not just on the beach. If you want to wear the tunic when you go shopping, just throw on a cardigan and a pair of trainers.
Can you wear it with heels for an evening out?
– Absolutely! And I love wearing it with a little jewellery on the beach (Editor’s note: the collection includes a beach bag, a bracelet and a tunic).
What are your summer colours?
– I’m aching for pastels! A lot of pale pinks, from dusty to bright, along with blues from pale blue to china blue mixed with white... I also like pairing graphic black and white with pastels.
Any special makeup style for you?
– I like eyeliner! So, clean makeup with just eyeliner, a dab of pale pink, natural lipstick and a hint of blush. That’s my favourite look. Oh, and a little highlighter to wake up a tired face!
How do you protect your skin from the sun?
– I’m careful, but not overzealous. I like getting a little colour, so I use SPF 20-30 on my face and 20 on my body. For my kids I always use SPF 30-50.
Behind the scenes of our romantic beauty looks shoot in South Africa, Oriflame’s editor Sanna Franklin chatted with model Bridgett Valentine about her off-duty style, makeup and hair tips, and favourite products!
Hi Bridget! How was the shoot?
– Great! I love working outside and it’s the perfect temperature here! It’s also nice to discover beautiful new places (Ed. note: we shot in a beautiful rose garden).
What was your favourite look?
– I loved the crown braid look. Very cute!
You’ve lived in London for 5 years now, how’s that?
– It’s a nice and very interesting town and it’s good for work since there are many good photographers and studios there. Before London, I lived in Milan, New York and now I’m in Cape Town for a couple of months.
– Before I started people used to stop me to ask if I would like to model for photo shoots because I’m very tall. But I never took them seriously. Then my ex-boyfriend sent my pictures to a modeling agency and that’s how everything started. I was 16 years old.
What’s your off-duty style like?
– It depends. Sometimes I like to dress up and wear pretty dresses, high heels, makeup and fix my hair. But when I’m home I’m all about being comfortable and relaxed. It depends on my mood and where I am, too. If I’m in a summery place I take on a more bohemian style. In London I’m chic and elegant.
Tell us about your beauty regimen?
– I don’t wear too much makeup. But I always use a creamy powder because it’s much better than liquid foundation in my opinion. For castings I wear mascara and lip gloss. For a night out, I wear a lot more makeup.
What’s your favourite hairstyle?
– I like big soft waves. They’re really easy to fix with a hot curler. First I use heat-protecting lotion and styling spray (on dry hair). Then I roll the hair, with my curler angled vertically, for a few seconds. Then I release and apply more hair spray.
What do you do in your spare time?
– I love to try wine. I actually don’t drink any alcohol but wine. I even did my Bachelor’s thesis on launching a wine tasting shop: the idea was to offer seminars and tastings. My boyfriend is Italian so that’s probably where my interest came from.
Diet: Vegetarian (since 6 years old)
Can’t-live-without products: Lip balm and creamy powder
Hobbies: Snowboarding, volleyball, and horseback riding
Oriflame’s editor Sanna Franklin chatted up model Kelsey Martinovich behind the scenes of our tutorial video shoot. Find out more about this top model’s work/life balance, life in London, and how she stays fashionable, healthy, and fit.
Hi Kelsey! Tell us a little bit about yourself. How did you become a model?
I first started modelling when I was 18 and signed up with an agency in Sydney. However that didn’t really work out for me so I went on Australia’s Next Top Model and I ended up the runner up to win. They actually announced me as the winner but got the name wrong – it turned out I was actually second!
It all worked out though. The winner and I became good friends and I got a lot of attention and publicity because of the show!  I moved to London about four months ago now and I have been modelling here since then.
Well I have worked in Australia for three years but I’m starting to travel a bit more now that I am in Europe. I recently went to Sicily, which was amazing, and I’m going to Milan next week for a shoot that I’m really looking forward to!
Now that you’re no longer living in Australia, what do you miss the most it?  
I would have to be a stereotype and admit it’s the weather. I miss the beach and swimming in the ocean so much! But it’s always there, right?
What’s your makeup routine like when you're not working?
I actually don’t wear makeup unless I work. I like to give my skin some rest. Every night I make sure I cleanse my face. I put on a beauty balm and eye cream and during the day I always make sure I’m really hydrated with cream and also by drinking a lot of water.
Are there any products that you just can’t live without?
Yes, lip balm! It needs to be super hydrating.
How would you describe your personal style?
I wear a lot of vintage clothing. I am always out for tea, so I go to a lot of tea shops here in London. I have my favourite tea shop in East London. I’m really chilled out and relaxed in my spare time.
What's the modelling profession like in your opinion?
I’ve been modelling for four years now. I started when I was 18. It’s got its ups and downs. Sometimes it can be really hard. You can be cold and you’re in swimwear on location and it’s freezing because you’re shooting ahead of the seasons. On the other hand, you meet some amazing people. It’s definitely a job that can take you places. I personally love it, and I’m having a ball. Being a model is really fun!
As a model, your appearance is important. How do you stay healthy and fit?
I’m basically raw vegan. On photo shoots I usually bring my own lunch and snacks to keep me alive. On weekends, I eat a hot meal but only to keep my body familiar with that sensation, because that’s good for you. I care about what I eat because it really reflects on your skin. I also do yoga 3 times a week and I run occasionally, but I’m finding it really hard here in the cold. But it’s ok, I still do it!
Red lips and serums – but no metallics. We caught up with star blogger Yulia Grebenkina to get the low-down on her personal beauty favourites.
Yulia Grebenkina’s first job in fashion was a bit of a crash course – as a young, passionate but inexperienced digital editor of Russian Glamour she was given responsibility for all editorial content on the whole site. “I did learn a lot,” she says. “And it was at Glamour that I started to love beauty more and more.” Yulia went on to the beauty desk at elle.ru and eventually launched Beauty Insider, one of Russia’s first and most popular beauty blogs. A year ago, she took the leap to becoming a full-time blogger, doing the writing, editing and business side of Beauty Insider, as well as a bit of modelling. 
Did you always dream of being a beauty editor? 
“No, I grew up in an industrial town where everyone I knew worked at a car factory so I didn’t even know that kind of job existed. But I was creative, I attended ballet school, I liked to draw, and I dreamed of writing a book (I still do!). Finally, it all worked out on its own.”
What a great things have come from working on Beauty Insider? 
“A few brands have used me as their model and that experience has been fantastic. Now we do it quite often for the blog, I even took part in a commercial – so now my parents can watch me on TV! When professionals work on your appearance, it helps you evaluate what you think of yourself and your beauty. I'm much more relaxed and confident about myself now.”
What will your look be like this fall?
“A nude look with red lipstick that looks great with my pale skin. And good brows: I just changed my hair colour for a darker one, and I love making my brows darker than usual too.”
Will you be following any new trends? 
“I don’t care too much about the trends of the season when it comes to my own make up. There will be a metallic trend, but that doesn’t suit me so I’ll leave it out. But maybe I will learn how to do a great eyeliner – make up artists have been using it for cat-eyes for a few seasons now.”
How do you keep hydrated during the cold Russian winter? 
“For my skin, I switch to more hydrating and replenishing serums. For my hair, I like to use some leave-in creams and hair oils. It’s important all year round really. And I do more nourishing masks and oil-based treatments. When I was growing my hair out I did them every three days, and it helped a lot.”
Behind the scenes of an Oriflame campaign shoot, Oriflame’s editor Sanna Franklin chatted with top model Kim Feenstra about her favourite makeup look, and how modelling changed her life.
When I meet Kim Feenstra on set for the Oriflame Athena Campaign shoot, she’s wearing a long white dress. Her skin is golden and her hair and makeup is impeccable. It’s hard to believe that this glowing beauty has had anything but a perfect life. Nine years ago Feenstra worked as a prostitute, starred in pornographic films and was even convicted of stealing. Today she is a top model and the face of top brands all over the world, co-hosting TV shows and starring in feature films.
How did you start modelling?
– I was discovered when I was 20 years old, by a Parisian modelling agency. The moment that they found me on the street really changed my life. One year later my best friend signed me up for Holland’s Next Top Model and I won it.
You’ve gone through a lot in your life. Do you think that your past experiences have hurt or helped you?
– I learned a lot from my past and it helped me not be naïve. I have a strong personality thanks to it and that’s one thing a model should have. People who are not in the fashion industry think that modelling is so glamorous, but the truth is you have to have thick skin. Models deal with rejection all the time, people criticise you and sometimes you are just a product and not a human being. You can also feel really lonely as a model because you travel alone a lot.
You’ve been quoted saying “life is a party – but you have to hang the banners yourself”. What did you mean by that?
– Sometimes life is a bumpy road but you have to stay positive. You can have a lot of people around you who want to help you, but in the end it’s only up to you. I could be negative about the fact that I grew up with 50% hearing loss but I choose to think of it as a good thing because I have the advantage of completely switching off all sounds if I want. I mean, just stay positive; nobody else is going to do that for you.
 –I’m always careful in the sun and use sun protection.
– I love the summer glow look. Shiny, shimmery, and bronzed! When I’m on TV or doing an interview and they ask me what I want, I always refer to J.Lo and her glow. Her makeup is not too heavy but still beautiful. It’s actually the look I got at today’s shoot too!
– I’ve been to 58 countries now and I’m still counting! I want to remember all of the experiences when I get older. I have never been to Russia – but I really want to go! My dream holiday spot now would be Lapland, because I want to see the northern lights.
– One of my most beautiful experiences was visiting Ethiopia; it was stunning.
– The first film I was in that appeared at cinemas. I’m also very proud of my first editorial for Italian Vogue.
– I really like to spend time with my friends and family… and my dog. It sounds clichéd but those are my hobbies!
We enjoyed a chat with London’s foremost lifestyle blogger about smoky eyes, secret hair weapons, and ‘pinch-me’ moments on the front row of fashion shows.
Sasha Wilkins’ blog, LibertyLondonGirl, has won more awards than anyone can count and was labelled “une bible” by Vogue Paris. Together with the updates on Sasha’s popular Twitter and Pinterest feeds, it reaches hundreds of thousands of readers every day. No wonder really – every day LLG (as insiders call it) delivers inspirational adventures in beauty and style, travel to hot destinations, access to VIP events and mouth-watering home-cooked meals. 
Why do you think people love LLG so much?
– I hope that it’s the honesty and the integrity behind it. What you see really is me, my life, my world… I’m lucky to have extraordinary access to wonderful things and places, but I also talk about the lows, and what happens when I’m not on a plane, at a fashion show, or doing something exciting. 
Your hair always looks fabulous in the pictures; how do you do it?
– I use a serum on my hair just before I blow-dry it – that’s my secret hair weapon! A really good hairbrush is key too: hair should be brushed regularly throughout the day if it’s long like mine, otherwise it looks like a birds nest within about five minutes.
What’s your makeup routine like?
– It used to be very, very minimal, because I had no idea what I was doing. But I’ve spent more time learning about processes and I’m also a bit older now – which means you need a little more help – so I put more effort into it. I never leave the house without a base (I have rosacea so my skin needs toning down), lipstick and eyeliner.
Any new additions for this season?
– I’m always really excited about new innovations in skin care; the R&D is so good these days that the right cream really can make a substantial difference. I’ve been sent some wonderful coloured eyeliners recently, and they feel really modern. For a party, I’ve recently discovered the joy of a high-pigment grey eyeshadow blended all over the lid; it’s the best way for a blonde to get a smoky eye.
What’s the most amazing thing that’s happened in your life thanks to LLG?
– There have definitely been some ‘pinch-me’ moments. Even as a fashion director I didn’t go to couture, so to be sitting in Chanel, Valentino and Elie Saab is always wonderful. Signing my first book deal was pretty incredible too: my first cookbook comes out in the UK this autumn.
We chatted up 21-year old model Chloe Lloyd of Storm Model Management behind the scenes of our tutorial video shoot in London. Find out how this pro keeps her skin and hair in good condition and where she gets her makeup inspiration.
How did you become a model?
I first got scouted when I was really young but back then I didn’t really want to do it.
Then at 16, my mom entered me in to a competition without telling me. I ended up winning the whole thing and the prize was a High Street campaign. I used those pictures to join an agency. When I was 18 I started modelling full time.
What’s the modeling profession like?
I love it! I get to travel the world and meet lots of people. It’s so much fun!
You mentioned travelling, what are your best beauty tips for travelling?
I use so much moisturizer; because I have dry skin as it is. When I go on long flights I never wear makeup and I wear a moisturizing mask. I may look like a freak but I don’t care because I have to do that for my skin not to dry out!
Can’t live without products:
Foundation, concealer and my hairbrush – my hair always gets so knotted up because of all the styling in my job, so it’s a must for me.
When I go out I like to do my own makeup inspired by all of the makeup artists I get to work with. If I’m at a shoot and I get a beauty look I like I usually try it at home and do it my own way. That’s fun. My favorite look right now is a bold lip. I also like the smoky eye look.
My hair is really dry from all of the hair styling I get on shoots so I use hair oil and hair masks a lot, which really helps!
I like quite plain stuff but then I always spice it up with something really weird. I’m always drawn to the craziest things in the shop that no one else wants to buy and then I wear it once and never again! Weird shoes or a popping jacket paired with a plain top and trousers is typical me.
I walk around all the time when I do castings so that’s good I guess. But other than that I am actually really bad. I don’t work out. I need to start going, I’m such a bad role model! 
I eat well. But I’m also naturally slim. Junk food is bad for your skin though so I am careful. Luckily I like really healthy food!
The summer holidays! My mom and I are going to Portugal! 
Her best summer beauty tip: 
Use an SPF spray for your skin so it doesn’t get damaged in the sun.
Come along and let fashion and beauty journalist Anna Blom show you some of her favourite places in the Big Apple… and be inspired by her beauty picks for the perfect makeup bag!
As a fashion journalist, Anna Blom has always taken an interest in beauty – the two are inseparable, after all. After several years as a sought-after freelance journalist and fashion expert on Swedish TV chat shows, Anna has an impressive CV, gilded with interviews with such names as Karl Lagerfeld and Donatella Versace.
After a period of living in both Stockholm and New York (three doors down from Carrie of Sex and the City), she recently moved full time to the Swedish capital to write exclusively for Oriflame… but she hangs out in NYC whenever she can.
Have you discovered anything about beauty since you started writing about it?
– Beauty is based on a lot more than just the exterior. It’s about how you feel inside, and makeup is a tool for bringing out your best side. 
– For parties, I love smoky eyes, velvety skin and red lips. For every day, I go for BB cream and mascara and perhaps kohl. I always carry my beloved all-round moisturising balm for my cuticles, lips, eyelids and brows. I’ve become better at wearing colour since I moved to New York and adore fuchsia and electric blue. When I go out, high heels are a must!
What do you do when you have a day off in NY?
– I like starting with breakfast at Café Cluny or a branch of Sarabeth’s before walking around the Chelsea Market or the Meatpacking District. For a peaceful oasis, I recommend The High Line and when I can, I go for a run along the Hudson River. In the evening, I go out to dinner with friends – the classic Minetta Tavern is a favourite.
What do you enjoy most about your job?
– I love inspiring others and I have a passion for using words to bring life to beauty and style. Writing for Oriflame’s The Beauty Edit is an incredibly fun challenge! It’s an online beauty destination that really connects with people – a place they can get an insight into everything related to beauty and trends, and a place to find easy solutions that you actually can learn how to use yourself at home.
What are your top beauty tips?
– Eat plenty of food rich in omega 3 fats, such as fish and sunflower seeds, to give your skin moisture, and fruit and veggies for vitamin C to keep it supple. And wash your hands before touching your face – that rule’s made a big difference to my skin!
ANNA’S FAVOURITE PLACES IN NYC
Central Park South; Park Avenue South; Tribeca; 
Upper East Side; Upper West Side
75 9th Avenue (between 15th and 16th Streets)
Several entrances including one on 14th Street
113 MacDougal Street (between Bleecker and 
Meet Oriflame’s global ambassador for the group of trendsetters known as The ONE Collective. Effortless beauty Elin Kling shares her thoughts on what's happening this autumn.
It’s been a busy six months for Swedish fashion entrepreneur Elin Kling. Since our last interview, the style icon has not only broken new ground in her first  beauty partnership, she's also launched her own clothing line Totême together with her husband! We caught up with Elin to get an exclusive take on her fashion and beauty tips for autumn.
Which autumn makeup look will you choose this autumn?
I’ll go for a modern look with a natural finish. I love a sun kissed style while on vacation and I like to cherish that as long as possible! A moisturizer is my savior as long as it’s not too cold outside.
How do you prepare your skin for autumn and do you have any tips on how to prolong that summer glow?
– As the temperature drops and the air gets drier, I change my light products and replace them with richer, creamier products more suitable for the colder months. In order to maintain that glow, I make sure I exfoliate properly and continue to use my sunscreen.
You and your husband Karl Lindman recently launched your own clothing line, Totême. Tell us a little about that.
– It’s been a dream for a long time, especially considering my previous projects over the last couple of years. It all started when I found myself not having anything to pack for a holiday. I didn’t have the perfect vacation-wear in my wardrobe, so I found myself longing for essentials that would form a timeless capsule. 
What are your inspirations?
– I get tons of inspiration from the people surrounding me. People I meet, my friends and of course my husband. We inspire each other in our own different ways. 
How do you update your autumn wardrobe?
– I'm in the mood for pointy flats and the perfect long coat that you can throw on and instantly feel at ease in. When I'm headed for dinner with my friends, high heels and a pair of tailored trousers add instant autumn glamour. 
And finally – if autumn 2014 was a lipstick, what would it be?
– It would be a warm, rich red and have that creamy texture that I like so much. A bolt of red lipstick can update your look instantly (Editor’s pick: The ONE Lipstick Colour Stylist – Shade: London Red).
Lara Golay is the bubbly Californian behind Barre Mode: a high-intensity, low impact fitness class, that fuses classical ballet, pilates, yoga and cardio training. This year she opened the first boutique Barre fitness studio in Stockholm and classes are already selling out! Inspired by her entrepreneurial spirit, we invited Lara to share her tips for transforming your passion into a profitable business.
Play to your strengths. I believe it’s essential to find something unique, but on saying that, don’t be afraid to take an existing concept and do it in a new way that plays to your talents. I first discovered barre classes in L.A. and soon realised that it was an idea I could adapt and bring to Stockholm. I drew on my experience as a former competitive figure skater, a performer and a musician, to create something that was new and fresh."
2. Do your research and make a plan. "We all have passions, but transforming your interests into a business is different. Take courses, get experience, research online, and allow time to develop your knowledge and idea before launching your business."
3. Start small. "Start by implementing your idea in the simplest way possible. I piloted Barre Mode by teaching a weekly, hour-long class in a studio I rented from a friend. This allowed me to see whether my business idea had potential - I now hold 17 classes a week in my own studio space! I think that the same goes for any business, even beauty: buy a small selection of products and get feedback from your potential customers. What do they like? What don’t they like? What would they like to see more of? This information is invaluable. You don’t need to start huge, start small and let growth happen organically."
"I truly believe that nothing is impossible and that no idea is unrealistic. What often sets us back is unrealistic timelines."
4. Learn to set goals. "I truly believe that nothing is impossible and that no idea is unrealistic. What often sets us back is unrealistic timelines. You will achieve your vision, but it may take you years, so it’s important to have tangible goals to reach along the way.”
5. Prepare for rejection.  "Rejection is inevitable, but don’t view it as failure, see it as an opportunity to learn. It’s taken me years to learn not to dwell on my mistakes and instead to reinvent and move forward.”
6. Love what you do. “Have a real belief in what you’re doing and what you’re working towards. If your passion comes from a genuine place, you’ll be willing to work hard and do whatever it takes for you to reach your goals. Sure, there will be bumps along the way, but they’ll be far easier to overcome if you love what you’re doing.” 
Find out more at www.barremodestudios.com
Clea O’Hana is the half-South African, half-Moroccan founder of WiShi: a crowd-source styling platform where users can upload their wardrobes digitally and have their friends or online stylists, style them for any event or occasion. With investment from Maurice Marciano (the Founder and Chairman of fashion brand GUESS) and a 9 strong workforce, we asked Clea to share her best advice for taking your business online.
This applies to any business, on or offline, but it’s essential: Be unbelievably persistent, motivated and believe in your idea. Perseverance and hard work are the ingredients to success, sometimes even more than talent.”
“I’m a Finance and Economics graduate, but my professional background is styling. I am by no means a digital expert (although my co-founder Lia Kislev is), but I work hard to educate myself in this area. If you want to successfully take your business online, spend time learning the basics: take courses in digital marketing and learn about SEO, read blogs and articles about selling online, familiarise yourself with the social media channels that your audience is using.”
“Leverage the tools that are already available online. If you are selling products, then learn about the platforms that will help you do this. If you’re selling a service, then look at online platforms where you can promote your expertise easily, for example at WiShi, people who want a job as a stylist can try out their skills via our app., if they demonstrate their ability and get approved by the crowd, they are awarded a “Stylist Badge” and can begin to earn money. Other examples include Fiver.com (a freelance marketplace offering services for $5) or 99designs (a graphic design market place). Look for the digital tools that are already available to you online and think about how you can use them to promote your business smartly.”
"Perseverance and hard work are the ingredients to success, sometimes even more than talent." 
“Grow your social media business with unique content. For example, at WiShi we provide unbelievable content: beautiful pictures, interesting articles (from our blog), fun contests etc. I truly believe that every single person should have the possibility to feel their best and reach out to those who can offer advice – our social media channels have helped us communicate what WiShi is, attracting visitors and recruiting stylists.”
“It’s so important to know what makes your business unique. I began my career in styling at Net-A-Porter, and that’s where the idea of WiShi first came about, but before I pursued the idea, I worked at Belstaff, styling the likes of David Beckham and Katy Perry. I knew the market place and could see that there was a demand for WiShi within it: a destination where anyone could go to get styling advice, irrespective of net-worth. At WiShi we’re very clear on what we offer: you can both get styled or start your own styling portfolio to become an approved stylist - this has been invaluable.”
Are you an Oriflame consultant?
Find out how to digitalise your Oriflame business here.
According to the research of the Association of Consumers of electronic products, eight out of ten women are going to purchase any gadget soon. If you're one of them, we will be happy to help you in choosing. Let us introduce our top 5 most relevant gadgets for the modern lady. Being a woman in today's world is a difficult task. Just crazy rhythm of life: exams or projects at work, the gym to keep fit, salon to look great, and the urge to be aware of the latest movies and new music, and even from time to time to cook dinner for the family or favorite friends. But luckily for us, who lives in XXI century, there is a technology. High-tech gadgets are designed to facilitate your life, or at least save you from unnecessary stress.
There are many gadgets out there created for those who choose an active lifestyle. The most simple counts the number of steps that you go through during the day - because walking is the most accessible form of physical activity, and one of the most useful. More complex devices, such as bracelet Jawbone, track not only how much do you move, but also how much do you sleep, how many calories you burn, and aligned with the application for your smartphone helps you to plan your diet and exercise program. The next step - devices that combine GPS-navigator, heart rate monitor, altimeter, and anything else that you may need if you decide to prepare, for example, for the World Championships in orienteering.
You probably have an alarm clock. And surely you have sometimes a wish to throw it to the wall. For your sleep has always been healthy, and the morning - good, there are "smart" alarm clocks. These devices are synchronized with the phases of your sleep and wake you exactly when your body is ready for it. As a result, you wake up refreshed, in good mood and full of energy. There are many variants of these gadgets – starting with applications for smartphone and ending with antistress alarms simulating sunrise. Yes, they wake you with light - no more calls!
Do you like to cook? Good! And if not? And if you work too hard to spend time in the kitchen? And if you have a child growing up, who is already largely independent person, but doesn’t make friends with a frying pan (maybe it's for the best)? Or you live in an apartment and the cook place in it in a bad state? All these problems have a technological solution and it is called Multicookings. In fact it is a small factory producing homemade food. You can only buy the products, install the program and click the Start button, and the rest - a trick. But do not count on the help of this wonderful cook, if the top of your culinary skills - scrambled eggs. In the end, even the most intelligent robots do only what they have been taught, we, ordinary people.
Favorite TV shows and books, favorite games, favorite magazines subscription, music, as well as all the features of a full-fledged computer, but in a compact design - yes, we are talking about the tablet. This gadget does not take up much space, looks stylish, runs long without recharging and is ideal for those who love freedom and sets the rules. Tablets have apps and programs for all occasions, for example, such a useful application as a "Sun Coach" by Oriflame.
Phone with two SIM cards can be more useful than you think. It will save money if you use your smartphone for internet and calls - you just need to purchase a SIM card with different rates. It will help during travel too: when abroad it is sufficient to establish a local SIM card. The second SIM card is irreplaceable, if you decide to open a business and you need a separate room for customers to communicate.
Find out how you can get a gift modern tablet and mobile phone with two SIM cards!
What inspires a top beauty consultant? We caught up with Oriflame’s Mariela Elorduy Blackaller and found out what makes her tick.
Wondering what would drive someone to combine an entrepreneurial spirit with a life in the beauty industry, we decided to chat to Oriflame top beauty consultant Mariela. The time difference means that, as the afternoon sun casts our office in Stockholm, the day in the Mexican city of Mexicali has just started. It’s eight in the morning, her time, when Mariela’s thorough and carefully thought-out response lands on our desk, and her answers make it easy to understand why she’s an entrepreneur – it’s in her blood. Growing up and living in Mexicali, she spent 20 years in the family’s car dealership business. Four years ago she joined Oriflame – and the rest is history! Here’s Mariela’s inspiring story – and a few of her personal beauty tips as a bonus!
What does being an entrepreneur mean to you?
– Being an entrepreneur has always been my passion. It allows me to have my own business, and it gives me the chance to express my creativity, innovation and also give value to the community. It is also motivating to be able to build a solid financial future for me and my family.  
– The opportunity to make a difference, to be an example to my daughter and to be the best leader I can be to help my team reach their dreams. 
Why are you passionate about beauty?
– Beauty is part of who we are, and there is beauty all around us. Beauty reflects your inner self and helps you see beautiful aspects of everyone else. Taking care of yourself is important, so that you can both look and feel great. 
My favourite beauty routine...
I take a long shower every day.
I wash my face with a cleanser and apply toner, a time-reversing serum, then day cream or night cream (and extra sunscreen if required).
For everyday makeup, I use a corrector kit, then an anti-ageing makeup (or BB cream if I’m in a hurry), neutral-coloured eyeshadows and eyeliner. To finish the perfect look, I love using an eyebrow kit and bronzing powder.
Meet American model Nathalie Morris, behind the scenes of the latest tutorial video shoot in London.
How did you become a model?
– I was scouted in my hometown of Portland, Oregon when I was much younger, and then I took time out for university in Los Angeles. I ended up moving to London about two years ago when I started modelling again.
What do you like about London?
– I like the art and the culture and the diversity. And the fact that I don’t have to drive anywhere is really nice! L.A. is my home though, and I miss the beach and being able to wake up and feel like I’m on vacation everyday cause the weather is so nice.
What do you like about modelling?
– Honestly, I love the people I meet. Everyone in this industry just comes from such a diverse backgrounds. All of my best friends have been make up artists, clients, stylists, and photographers. 
Can’t live without products:
– As a model my skin gets worked on all the time so it easily dries out. I need products that are super moisturising and I literally can’t live without hydrating masks! Same with hair oils and hair masks: since my hair gets a lot of heat from styling and treatments during shoots it’s important to me to take care of it.
What was your favourite look from the video shoots?
– My favourite look was the “Ombre eyes” makeup look. I never would have thought to put those colours together and it looked really nice! My eyes looked so much bigger!
What does your makeup routine look like when you’re not working?
– A lot of morning masks. Primers, foundation, concealers, powder…you name it! I go the whole nine yards! I’m a makeup girl and a product junkie - big time!
What do you do in your spare time?
– I love to spend my free days at the museums here in London.
I am also working on a jewellery line of my own so I’m working on ideas, sketches and designs for that.
What’s your favourite look for a night out?
– A good chocolate brown smokey eye. A dark liner on the water line, and a nude lip.
What about your diet & exercise?
– I don’t work out right now, but I used to have a trainer in the past. As for diet I am a vegetarian so I eat a lot of green vegetables and I drink probably a litre of water everyday. I avoid carbs and try to stick to the deepest colour vegetable that I can find.
– Sunscreen. The fastest way to age your skin is burning it. Also stay in the shade as much as possible. If you must have a tan just use self tanner!
– Hydrate, hydrate, hydrate! Use hair and face masks and don’t forget a moisturising hand cream.  A lot of people don’t think about the fact that your hands are exposed to the elements all the time so a good moisturiser for your hands and lips and your overall skin!
Meet Mimmi Frölen, Oriflame’s Senior Director for Skincare, Haircare and Personal care. With almost 16 years in the industry, this career woman and striking beauty gives us her best insider tips on everything from skincare to what colours to wear this season.
You have worked in the beauty industry for a long time, as an insider how do you choose skincare products? Give us your best tips!
I believe that skincare is very personal and what works for you may not work for someone else. You have to get to know your skin and find out if your skin needs light or rich products, with or without perfume and spf. 
Another tip is to always look for clinical results instead of price. Expensive creams are rarely the best ones. Clinically tested means that an objective institute has done tests in a special scanning procedure. They have testers use the product for about 12 weeks and then scan the skin again to measure the results, for example; how many wrinkles there are left, how they are affected by the product, the size of the pores before and after usage, pigment differences and so on.  These tests are much more reliable than panel based tests.
What is the difference between day and night cream? Why can’t you use the same?
During the day most of us women wear makeup, and our skin is exposed to damage from the sun and air pollution among other things. That means that during the day you need protection with vitamins and UV filter, while at night you need products that stimulate the production of new skin cells. 
Any Autumn skincare tips for our readers?
Assuming you’re already cleansing and moisturizing your skin every morning and evening, my main tip is to make sure to keep your skin in shape by also peeling almost every day. This will make the skin cells renew themselves. Many people peel way too seldom. The best thing to remember is that well cleansed skin can better absorb all of the amazing products that exist on the market today. I also warmly recommend using serum before your day or night cream.
What’s your daily skincare regime like?
In the shower I apply Ecollagen Cleansing Gel with a cleansing device, after that I add a roll-on eye gel. I always use different serums for day and night time, and I skip the toner in the morning as I am using an acid peeling wipe instead. My special trick is to blend half of my day cream (Ecollagen Light) with a self-tanning lotion to give my skin that natural glow. I do that all year round. And finish with sun protection.
And what about your daily beauty routine?
I don’t use foundation but a BB or CC cream with SPF. Then I use a concealer, and leave it on the skin to dry for a while before I dab it properly.
Do you have any “can’t live without” products?
Blush! Since I am always pale when it’s not summer. I like the “radiant” look so I prefer to use a blush with some shimmer. 
I also need good skincare products and concealer for the dark circles under my eyes. 
I really believe in exercising and physical activity. My motto is “emotions and motions even each other out”. I walk to and from work every day, which gives me a lot. And my aim is to run more often than I do. I allow myself to eat anything but only when I am hungry, never when I’m not.
Eyebrows are so important, they frame the face. I dye them 3 times a year and pluck them once a week.
How would you describe your own fashion and beauty style?
Simple. I use a lot of black, white and grey – it is quick and easy to combine. I also love handbags and jewelries. I don’t care that much about my hair but more about my makeup. 
What colours will you be using this fall?
Purple is coming this fall, but I think green will come back soon too, like the new blue! Black, grey, white and beige is my base and will always be in my wardrobe. 
I believe in mindfulness, to mentally be where you physically are. I also like cooking, drinking wine, and doing fun things with my kids. My other hobbies are interior design and painting.  
What are the biggest mistakes or misconceptions you’ve seen in skincare?
The main one is that skincare doesn’t matter. Many people don’t seem to understand that through products and lifestyle we can affect 80% of our skins ageing! Only 20% of what’s going on with your skin is genetics.
That mineral oils and parabens are bad for you. One of the strictest institutes in the world; The European Commission, deem these ingredients to be safe, through their independent scientific advisors the SCCS.
Sometimes price and effectiveness don’t go hand in hand. Look for clinical tests!
New Ecollagen, HairX, Love Nature, and the new project I am working on right now that will be launched next year. But I’m not allowed to talk about that yet!
I love all kinds of food, with the exception of boiled fish.
The best in the world. I have two sons and a husband.
Italy and Cape Town are my favourites right now, but New York and Rome top my favourite city destinations.
“Life is as magic as you make it!”
Helena Christensen. She is really good-looking and very feminine at the same time. I also love Lauren Hutton.
Being new in the makeup artist industry is not easy, but Sandra Karlsson decided to leave her comfort zone to become a freelancing makeup artist and make a living out of her passion. We had a chat with her about daily experiences from the industry and also got her best makeup tips.
What made you realize that you wanted to become a makeup artist?
When I was young I used to draw faces and instead of putting pictures on my wall I used to put pages from fashion magazines. However, it took me some time before I made the decision to become a makeup artist since I didn’t realize I could make a living out of it. 
What is the best part of your work?
To meet so many interesting and creative people – most of the jobs I do take place in environments filled with action! One of the most developing projects I have been involved in so far was a film starring Ola Rapace, I’m really looking forward to the release in 2015.
What is your personal favourite look?
I wear very light makeup, with a moisturizing base, brushed eyebrows and some blush to get that natural look. I also like smokey eyes, it looks good on most people and works well both day- and night time when you combine them with natural eyebrows and a flawless “barely there” base.
What is the most common question about makeup you receive at work?
Smokey eyes are something most people seem to want to succeed with, but often give up on. When you apply a dark eye shadow it can easily look messy, the trick is to not add all colour at once but instead build up the intensity and smudge the edges.
Are there any common makeup mistakes you see that people tend to make?
The biggest mistake is that many take makeup too seriously! It’s only makeup and if you feel like going to work with bright orange lips – do it. I often see women wearing the wrong colour on their foundation, but that is easy to avoid. Go to a makeup store and ask them for advice, they are there to help you.
Share your best makeup tips with us!
Blush! It will benefit any tired and pale face. Another tip is to have your favourite foundation in two shades; one in the darkest colour you need during the summer, and one in the lightest you need for the winter. Throughout the year you can then blend these two and create the perfect colour. Also, don’t forget good skincare - no makeup looks good on skin that is not well taken care of.
A while back a few selected bloggers and celebrities were invited to Oriflame’s lab to explore and create their own lipstick shades. We caught up with Rita Pereira, Portuguese actress and model to find out more about her life, her beauty style and what she learned from creating her own lipstick!
Hi Rita, first off, tell us about your modeling and acting career?
- I have worked both as a model and actress for about ten years now. I am a very lucky girl. I can truly say that, every single day, when I wake up, I wake up to my dream. This job gives me the best of both worlds. I can play many characters on set, on the catwalk and during photo-shoots. I can be whomever I want and even when I play the bad character, I am lucky enough that people still like me on the streets. 
What do you think people like about you?
– I believe what makes them like me is the truth behind all my choices and attitudes. 
You currently have over 1 million fans on Facebook, what is it that people like to read about on your page?
– Undoubtedly all things regarding the world of cosmetics! Beauty tips!!! 
How did you come about this collaboration?
–I was personally invited by the Management of Oriflame Portugal and I obviously accepted because I take great pleasure and pride in collaborating with a brand such as Oriflame. 
Tell us about your day in the lab
– First and foremost, it was a very fun day where I was able to enjoy an extraordinary experience, such as the creation of my lipstick shade, for example. 
What did you find out about lipstick manufacturing that you did not know before?
–  I had no idea whatsoever about how lipsticks were manufactured, so that alone was a remarkable turning point. 
What was the most fun part of this experience?
– Undoubtedly the creation of the lipstick from start to finish and also meeting people from different countries who were all there for the same reason. 
Why did you choose the color you picked?
– I am someone who loves the sun and I always have a tan. The shade I chose enhances my lips in a pretty and discreet way. This is a shade I can wear all year long without getting tired of it. 
What are your best beauty tips for the winter?
– Skin and lips should always be kept hydrated in wintertime! 
Finally, what inspires you the most right now?
– So many things inspire me right now. I don’t even know where to begin. The world is an ever-changing place, where things happen at the speed of light and so many things inspire me. I love beauty and all things beautiful. I love animals and fight for their cause. I love my work and am thankful for the professional acknowledgement I have. All this, and much more, inspires me everyday.
• Only wear shampoo, which is proper for your hair type. This is adamant!
• Keep your skin hydrated at all times. (I put on cream more than once a day. It’s one of my little secrets!)
• Lipstick lights up your face and always gives you that perky twist to any look.
We all know Jonas Wramell as a globetrotting world renowned make-up artist and Oriflame’s Global Artistic Director, but how much do we really know about him as a person? We decided to find out more about Jonas’ life in London and Stockholm, his travels, and his life with his son. But of course we couldn’t help but get some style and make up tips as well!
Jonas, start by telling us where you live? 
– I live in Stockholm and London but with all my travels (up to 130 days per year!) it feels like all over the world sometimes. I spend about 10 to 14 days a month in London. However I also travel up to 130 days a year for work. It could be anywhere from Kazakhstan to LA, NY, and Paris. I have a 6-year-old son and I spend all my free time with him in Stockholm and in our home in London. 
You are originally from Sweden but you also call London home, why London?
– I fell in love with London when I first moved there as a 19 year old to study. I love it because it’s a melting pot with interesting people and it allows me to be who I am. The city is a great source of inspiration for me. My life there is extremely different from my life in Stockholm. I am much more social and active in London for some reason. I go to museums, art galleries and I go biking around. I love the vibrancy, the shopping, the fashion and beauty influences and all of the inspiration I get there. 
You are the Global artistic director for Oriflame, what does that really mean?
 – It means an extreme amount of travelling, but also product development and attending and doing makeup for different events. Sometimes I travel 20 hours to a place only to be there for one day. Next week for example I am off to Barcelona, then I am going to Nice, then India and straight to Singapore and that’s normal for me. It’s a lot of fun, but can also be exhausting and sometimes even lonely to be in a hotel room by myself. But everything that is a lot of fun also comes with its backsides. I believe there must be some resistance and things to overcome.. It’s the same thing with everything fun in life, like relationships and children., and that is completely okay with me.
How do you keep fit and in shape with your busy lifestyle?
– I am a workout freak and I almost never drink alcohol. Working out for me is super important and I feel it helps defeat jetlag and makes me feel good.
I work out either at my hotels or in my gyms in Stockholm and London. I also jog in the park in London, and do horse riding there, which I think is an amazing way to combine fresh air, exercise and fun! As for my diet, 
I am not a great cook, but I do eat as healthy as I can.
What about your skincare routine?
– I am very careful with my skincare. I always use a scrub in the shower two to three times a week. I also use serum and a day cream and on top of that I add a very high spf – always!
What is your personal fashion style and what style tips do you have for men?
– I am almost always dressed up. I think it’s fun to wear nice clothes and to use them and not just have them hanging in my closet for a special occasion. My main tips for men out there is when you buy a nice jacket or something, use it! Don’t wait for special days because before you know it will be outdated and you wont have had the pleasure of using it as much as you could! Also as a man: stay classic. That always works.
What about style tips for women?
– Trends are a misconception.  Be updated on them but think about your personal style rather manically changing your whole wardrobe every season. Add some fun accessories that are trendy. That’s my tip.
What’s your favourite product from Oriflame right now?
– The One high impact eye shadow which is a creamy shadow in lots of different metallic colours. I think that product is one of the best on market right now!
Which 3 products do you believe each woman needs in her toiletry bag?
– Foundation, mascara and the eye brow kit. I think lipstick is a great product to dramatically change your look from day to night also!
JONAS TOP 3 TIPS WITH KIDS IN LONDON
Dianas Memorial Playground
My son loves this place! There is a huge pirate ship in the middle of it all! And it’s a fun meeting place for grownups too!
An English garden with labyrinths, walks, bridges and little canals. A beautiful place to be with your child in nature with animals!
This is fun for both adults and kids! My son loves the huge T-rex which is life sized and even moves!
Jonas top 3 restaurants tips:
Weekend lunch: Granger o Co in Notting Hill
Dinner: Coya in Piccadilly
Drinks: Chiltern Firehouse in Marylebone
We love Elin Kling´s classic and minimalistic fashion- and beauty style so we met up with the fashionista and the ambassador for The ONE Collective to talk about her style and her favorite spots in Denmark.
You have a minimalistic Scandinavian style; can you give us your best styling tips to achieve this look?
– Build your style with wardrobe staples. Own your clothes; do not let the clothes own you. 
What do you think characterizes Scandinavian beauty?
– We are very simple when it comes to makeup and natural beauty is what most Scandinavians aim for.
Who is your favorite Danish fashion designer?
– The one designer I find interesting to follow is Sophie Bille Brahe.
Are there any Danish it-girls that you think have an inspiring fashion- and beauty style?
– Caroline Brasch Nielsen is always rocking it whatever she wears and I saw that she wore Totême during Copenhagen FW and that fact for sure makes her my favorite Danish It girl!
What are your favorite places in Copengahen?
– Last time my husband and I were there, we tried Noma, which was excellent! 
What makes Copenhagen an interesting fashion and beauty city?
– Copenhagen has plenty of chic boutiques with a very nice selection of international brands. The city also offers fantastic architectural works, which is a true fashion inspiration as well.
What do you usually do when you visit Denmark?
– Power shopping and just hanging out. I feel like that is what you do when in Copenhagen.
Your best beauty tips if we want to look chic during the cold winter days in Scandinavia?
– Use a hydrating spray, rich moisturizer and lip balm. A quick facial massage every day works miracles, it gives a blood flow to the skin and that means plumper cheeks, higher brows and reduction of fluids and puffiness.
Holiday season along with the cold weather has arrived. We talked to Oriflame ambassador Elin Kling to find out about her winter skincare tips and holiday plans.
Hi Elin, winter is here. Do you have any special skincare routine during this cold and dry season?
– I drink a lot of water, do a quick facial massage everyday and pamper myself with facials once in a while. I’m religious about taking care of my face and skin all year around 
What are your products for a cold climate?
– Rich moisturizer is a must. My lip balm works miracles and goes in my bag everyday. I also can’t live without sunscreen, I wear spf 50 all year around and each day mix it with my day cream. 
How do you keep in shape during the winter?
– I do a mix of yoga and power walks. I also practice Ballet Beautiful (editors note: a ballet-inspired full body workout) which I believe is the perfect work-out to shape your body and to work on your posture. I drink plenty of green juices, which is necessary since I still want to enjoy good food, red wine and long nights. The key rule is to be happy and to make sure you do a good mix of detox/retox!
The holidays are coming up, what do you wish for this Christmas?
– Time off to do nothing and just relax in company with my family.
What defines a good Christmas for you?
– Proper Swedish meatballs and all the special Swedish Christmas food that I’m longing for all year around. This year I am beyond excited since my family will come to New York to celebrate Christmas with me! 
How fun! What are your plans with the family?
– Oh gosh, too many plans! As for now it looks like we will go and see The Nutcracker and then spending hours of cooking food. I want to make the best New York Christmas for my mum. 
Do you dress up or down for Christmas?
– I love Christmas, I always dress up. 
Do you prefer a big or small party?
–  I prefer small dinner parties with my closest friends with plenty of Italian food and red wine, that continues into the early hours... 
– My husband, my dear wonderful and very funny friends and my nephews, you can always count on big laughs when they are around. 
What nail colour shade will you be wearing this winter?
– I will only wear neutral shades but for a more festive occasion I wear darker shades, it adds something extra to an outfit, almost like an accessory. 
What are the three fashion key pieces you recommend for our readers to invest in (or wish for!) for the holidays?
– A pair of classic Levi’s 501, an everyday bag, and a classic cashmere sweater.
7 quick holiday questions:
2. Natural lashes or clumpy lashes?
4. Winter coats: Oversized or tight fitted?
6. Handbags: big or small?
7. Thick statement eye brows or pale brows?
Thick statement eye brows.
Have you ever dreamed about a VIP-invitation to Fashion Week shows and haute couture dress from a world famous designer? See our video report of three girls who make this dream a reality.
In the spring of 2014 the company Oriflame has announced a competition for the best make-up, which was attended by over two thousand girls in love with fashion and beauty. Winners were chosen by the professional jury headed by Oriflame Creative Director Jonas Wramel. See our report on how the three girls got the grand prize, which you can only dream of: a couture dress by world famous designer and a trip to Fashion Week in Moscow.
Marat Muhonkin - one of the most well-known photographers in Moscow, - works not only with beauty and fashion stories for glossy magazines, but also shoots portraits of stars and creative advertising as well as completely non-profit art projects.
An exhibition of Marat Muhonkin have recently opened In Smolensky Passage, in the space of Bosco Donna. Marat is known in the glossy industry since the late 90's. Plastic "nude", black-and-white portraits of Sophie Marceau and Ornella Muti, aggressive shadows in beauty shootings and gentle pastel fashion photos. Combining studs with silk, gold with rough natural forms – Muhonkin is really extraordinary photographer that is never going out of fashion.
How did you get the idea of personal exhibition?
- Spontaneously. We have been discussing a possibility of such cooperation with Bosco di Ciliegi for a few months. And then, finally, come to some common denominator. I am very pleased that they chose me, and that they show deep understanding of the subtleties of colors in my works. Despite 14 years of work in gloss, I still sincerely rejoice when understood by viewers.
What area now is most comfortable for you to work at?
- I love shooting nu calendars. Because it's always a trip to a beautiful place with beautiful women and a team of stylists and makeup artists. This is not just a job, but also creative communication. I like to make shootings with celebrities that I know personally for a long time, because they trust me, I work freely, and in the end we always get something extraordinary. Recently I shot Christina Orbakaite for the new collection of Lena Suprun, I work with her not for the first time. This shooting was comfortable and easy. When there is proper contact with the model, I get a real buzz from working. I am very comfortable working with a team of Instyle, because every time it's a real Hollywood swing on the court, and you feel as if it is written in your chair, "Spielberg." I love Allure, because they have a heading in which they publish photographers portfolio.
You do not want to be limited to one genre and works with reports, fashion and beauty?
- Yes, but it's always special periods of enthusiasm. Some time ago I was obsessed with beauty-shots, because it seemed to me that in our magazines beauty images are too emasculated, symmetrical. They lacked the element of chaos. Often photographers use during a beauty shooting artificial light and monochrome, not textured backgrounds. I wanted to challenge myself and take beauty-history with "highlight", a little hooliganism.
I realize this dream and reassured. Then I learned cross-genre of shooting when shooting synthesis beauty, fashion and celebrity shooting in Instyle. This is interesting when you have in one shoot an intersection of portrait shooting, make-up close-ups and full-height shoots. Now the fashion and beauty - this is the sphere where I feel more than confident. But "nude" for me is a field for experimentation. I cooperate with the European magazine NIF Magazine, which was very inspiring for me, and try to achieve perfection in discovering all the possibilities of the human body. By the way, there is a new topic of conversation among journalists, photographers and models - a ban on Facebook. Every time I face the fact that my works that hang on the walls of galleries and published in international journals, is removed from our favorite social network. Appeared censorship of social networks - is a completely new phenomenon, and it is also possible to beat in working with "nude".
You're a constant participant of a World Press Photo exhibition and generally exhibit often. Have some ideas for the next project?
- There are two stories that I really want to embody. The first - an exhibition devoted to women over 40. I'd like to show the beauty of age. The second project is social. Bosco once invited me to shoot a portrait of a very attractive girl with cerebral palsy. Of course, I have not even had the idea to give the contrary, I was very pleased. I came to the shooting, and from that moment my life changed.
I realized that before I did not properly understand the beauty and nature of human being. Communicating with the model on the shoot, I realized that beauty  that is locked in any human body always finds a way out. I think that we do very few to help people with different diseases to integrate to our society, that we pay attention to them only when we have desire to do something charitable, or to feel good. When I processed the photo of her, I generally had a spiritual revolution. Photography was such artistry, they opened with the beauty of a completely different angle, will escape the philosophical depth of the concept. I realized that I need to do a big project, dedicated to people with disabilities in our society it is necessary. I want as many people as possible to came to the exhibition and realized what I have realized.
New Years Eve and the festive season is here. We chatted with Oriflame’s Global Ambassador Elin Kling to find out her hopes for the New Year as well as her best beauty predictions for 2015!
Hi Elin! What are the most important makeup trends you’ve seen on the catwalks for the New Year?
For eyes: Big focus on eye lashes, doll-like spider lashes and metallic shades or a graphic eyeliner.
For lips: Natural shades or bold dark colors.
Skin: Natural skin and maxi brows.
What fashion trends do you see for the winter of 2015?
60’s mods with luxe polo necks and structured A-line shifts flirting with a more rock 70’s look. Focus on knitted and ribbed pieces, also leather is a key player.
What’s a great makeup look for a glamorous night like NYE?
I always happen to get ready last minute, but to quickly spice up my make-up for a night out I apply a tinted moisturizer and shade my face with a bronzing powder. Personally I like a light smokey eye and some highlighter to get that perfect au natural shimmer and luminous finish.
What are your personal hopes for 2015?
To see my projects Totême, The Wall and STYLEBY grow.
5 quick questions for New Years Eve: 
STATEMENT NAILS OR NEUTRAL SHADES?
Fashion editor, Bayer, consultant, fashion researcher - Jana Melkumova-Reynolds is one of those people who, changing country and language, do not quit to do what she likes, but rather more succeeded in it, proving that the dream is more important than the circumstances, which is always minor and manageable.
You're living in London for seven years. Why did you choose this city?
Why I chose London - honestly, I do not remember. I just knew that I will have to leave one day and that it will be most likely London. But when I began to think seriously about leaving, it appears that England - in any case, the only suitable option to me in Europe: only here at that time acted immigration program for young educated professionals who do not have a job offer, which binds them to the one employer. Similar programs exist in Australia, New Zealand and Canada, but I have chosen Europe.
What do you like London, when compared with other European capitals?
London - the only real metropolis in Europe, with all the pluses and minuses. After living here even Paris seems charming sleepy province, not to mention the little city like Copenhagen. Here is what is referred to as the word diversity - that is, diversity is inseparably associated with tolerance: countless ethnic groups, styles of architecture, types of looks, cuisines of the world and so on. In this regard, there also no anonymity in the province, where anyone who has something to stand out – is in full view and the subject of gossip. Because there is in London all types of all, it is impossible to surprise Londoner - whatever you like dressing, no matter what you think and how (and how much) do you earn a living. Me in such a situation - when I can do what I want, think and want to look like I want to, without the risk of being the center of attention - very comfortable. By the way, there is also sleepy province, one has only to travel outside the city center, I know all my neighbors, there are only 4 apartments in the house I live, greengrocer let me vegetables on credit when I forget the purse and lives in the same house as me, and a veterinarian practicing in the house next door sometimes brings me cats to play with. How do you say it in Russian: mimimi.
Tell us about your job. You've always worked in fashion?
In Moscow, I worked as a beauty editor, as a buyers and organizer of fashion events. When I moved, I knew that it was unlikely I will be able to find a job as a journalist, not being a native speaker, so I switched to the business component of fashion that I was very interested in. At first I was consulting designers who want to enter the Russian market, then gradually became involved in Britain, America and other markets. Now my main job - agency N˚10_SHOWROOM, which is engaged in consulting and promotion of independent international fashion brands; along the way I write articles in various English and Russian editions of fashion (Business Of Fashion, Style Zeitgeist, Russian Numero, Ukrainian Vogue) and a dissertation on the sociology of fashion. Write in English over the years has become quite simple, but in Russian harder, alas.
What are your favorite designers and why you love them?
Martin Margiela (which, alas, is retired, and what is happening with the brand right now I do not like) and Hussein Chalayan - for using fashion as a statement about society and culture. For the same reasons I like young brands – Iris van Herpen and Gareth Pugh. I also long-term admirer of the Japanese brand of Russian origin Volga Volga, because it builds a special, intimate relationship between the body and clothes, making clothes in wearable microcosm - I think this is the future of fashion. From my players, in addition to Volga Volga, my favorite brand Some [thing]: they take the classic men's tailoring patterns and make these things out of the soft tissue and often unlined, very modern image in the philosophy of Prince Edward VIII “dress soft”. I have a few of their things, although this man's brand.
To your sophisticated opinion, whether there is a Russian fashion industry now?
Fashion industry in Russia (which I, by the way, has always believed in) is now in a much more meaningful shape than at the time of my departure - Russian designers are sold in the best international stores, magazines write about them in different countries, and there is no problem with the creative aspect of the matter. But there is a problem, of course, with the production capacity (which is especially disappointing in Russia), state support for small businesses and difficulty to establish export from Russia. I know this firsthand, because trying to work with Russian designers and nearly turned gray in the process.
And yet it is surprising how some young designers do not know the simplest rules of the game in the fashion industry - they do not even fully understand how should differ wholesale and retail price, and do not know the mechanism of pre-orders. A few years ago I had the opportunity to give a lecture at a seminar for students of universities during Aurora Fashion Week in St. Petersburg. Preparing for it, I was afraid that everything that I'm going to tell is obvious for any fashion professional, but after the lecture many thanked me for I have opened their eyes.
How would you describe your style?
Hmm. "Audrey Hepburn discovers cyberpunk" approach? However, my husband insists that in the description of my style words "cyber" and "punk" should not be present, but there must be the word "retro-Goth"! In fact, I do not know how to describe myself, because I try and wriggle. Here are a few facts: I wear almost exclusively black, white and gray (plus sometimes bright accessories and / or make-up), I have a lot of things borrowed from the male wardrobe, I like minimalism, deconstructivism, skewness , geometric shapes and layering, and I do not feel dressed if my appearance there is no element of something darkly eccentric. And yes, I love vintage things - from Victorian to post-war ... In short, my husband is right, I guess.
Moscow and London: how different is how women use cosmetics and cleaning products, for your impressions?
In Moscow girls overdo it with care and cosmetics, and in London only with makeup! Young British women are very fond of bright makeup and often overdoing - at least on Saturday night to meet a girl without a cat-eyes in half his face is almost impossible. However, in the center of Moscow on Tuesday morning, many women look like in London on Saturday night - in full dress; I can not imagine how these women look on a Saturday night.
What cosmetic product you can not live without?
I absolutely can not do without a chapstick - I have very dry lips. However, I always use concealer (I thin pale skin on which there is any foundation plaster), powder and mascara for the eyebrows (pencils I do not like for the obvious artificial effect). I almost do not use any ther decorative cosmetics outside the Fashion weeks - except that occasionally a lengthening black mascara or bright lipstick. But during Fashion Week I love doing eccentric makeup - dark purple lipstick or bright blue shade over the entire eyelid and electric blue mascara, bring it on. Against the background of my pale skin and black clothes, it looks almost theatrically, and it is precisely for theatrical fashion I once fell in love.
Frida Selkirk’s creations regularly walk Sweden’s hottest catwalk shows. But Frida doesn’t design clothes; she’s a sought after nail artist. As Stockholm Fashion Week draws to a close, we caught up with Frida to chat success, her dream client and spring’s hottest nail trends.
How did you become a nail artist?
Originally I wanted to be a hairdresser, but when I wasn’t accepted on the course, I switched to a three-year economics degree instead. I thought if I studied economics I could at least open my own hairdressers one day. Later, I stumbled across a nail salon and was totally enamoured. I ended up studying under the salon owner and interning there; six years later I opened my own place. 
Your nail artistry has made it on to catwalks and in to some of the biggest fashion magazines – what’s the secret to your success?
I managed to create a niche for myself within fashion. Whilst many nail artists entered the art world, I’ve always gravitated towards the fashion industry – I think it’s fun. The way I see it, I like to dress nails. It’s part of the whole styling process and is an easy way to update a look.  
What are your predictions for the next big trends in nail art?
This spring, it’s on trend to match your nails and lips again, a look that’s been “out” for a while. Another fun look is to express yourself by writing messages on your nails. 
Nails have become a big focus in recent years. Why the interest?
Nails have become a fashion accessory, and a cheap one at that! You can do it yourself, and inspiration is readily available via instagram, Facebook and blogs. Fashion designers have also driven interest. By making their own polishes they’ve linked nails to fashion, showing how nail art can be used to enhance personal style.  
Which Hollywood star would be your dream client?
Gwen Stefani - she is so cool. I would give her long chequered nails in black and white. 
What style of manicure do you wear?
I usually wear black or dark blue nail polish. If I’m going to a party, I like to create something extra special, like a tuxedo pattern. 
What’s your best tip for getting beautiful, well-groomed nails?
A good base is essential. Give yourself a mini manicure by gently pulling back your cuticles and removing any dead skin that’s stuck to your nails. You can apply a cuticle cream and use a buffer (a soft nail file).
What’s your lipstick obsession? Whether it’s feeling creative, fun, bold or empowered we believe that makeup – especially lipstick – is all about expressing who you are. With our new range of lipstick shades from colour obsession we asked 7 women from our staff at the global Stockholm office to pick the one they obsess over and why – here are their answers.
I’m a bit hesitant when it comes to wearing darker shades at work, but I love a lighter shade. That’s why I love Nude Appeal, although it’s a lighter colour it still makes my lips pop – a big plus is that it’s hydrating as well! Maja S
I’ve always felt lipstick isn’t for me. But since I’m a big make-up fan I always want to try new Oriflame make-up. Said and done - I tried the new The One Colour obsession lipstick and little did I know that I would get obsessed with Peach Passion. I wear it all the time now! Klara G
Cherry Crave is the perfect colour for me, it complements my dark skin tone perfectly. Not too dark, not too light. I didn't expect that something as simple as applying colour to my lips would have such an impact on my daily life. Helene Q
I think Pink Possession is the perfect hot pink that makes my lips look fuller and more plumped. It glides on smooth and I feel it lights up my face and that it brings an edge to my look. Evelina M
I love to try on new darker shades and Red Fever layers beautifully! One layer gives my lips a deeper colour – perfect if I want it to be more subtle, but still add a nice effect. When I want to “own it” a little bit extra I put on a few extra layers and voila – I instantly feel more confident! Rebecca F
I love coral shades so the one called Coral Craze is a perfect match for me! It goes on sheer like a gloss but it’s so easy to make the pigment pop more by just adding an extra layer. Another plus is that it stays on for a long time! Anna E
Who doesn’t love pink? I can’t have too many shades of pink in my lipstick wardrobe and Magenta Mania is definitely my new favorite! It doesn’t fade and my lips feel so smooth when I wear it. Obsessed! Karolina S
Expectations were high as Stockholm Fashion Week began. We were all quivering with anticipation, but the students from Beckmans making their catwalk debut were the most excited of all, as we found out when Oriflame created the makeup for their models.
What characteristics decide who will become the next star of the fashion world? Twelve young hopefuls were at Stockholm Fashion Week, competing with high-fashion veterans for that accolade. Oriflame was there to help as final-year students from Beckmans College of Design prepared for their show. Our very own makeup genius Jonas Wramell interpreted the designers’ visions and created bold, opulent looks with products from our trendsetting new makeup range The ONE.
‘We dialogued with the designers, gave them ideas and recommended colours and products,’ Wramell explains.
The student’s path to living the dream as a fashion designer is very individual. Some start by working for someone else, others jump right in as entrepreneurs – but that demands huge sacrifices in terms of time and money, especially without outside backing and support.
‘After I graduate this summer, I want to start out as an employee, but the dream of starting my own label in the future is always with me,’ says Marita Öhman, whose collection was inspired by Swedish fashion label Dagmar, which mentored her design process.
Fashion is inextricably linked with beauty and makeup, of course. The makeup is absolutely essential to creating the overall look and catwalk impact.
‘Makeup is an incredible medium for communicating the mood of the collection – that perfect finishing touch,’ says Öhman.
For those whose passion lies on the beauty and makeup side of the equation, Oriflame offers an easier path to entrepreneurship as an Oriflame Beauty Consultant. We support you all the way with free training courses in skincare, makeup, and business skills and advice for building your business online.
One thing is certain – direct sales is becoming an increasingly popular career choice and ‘social selling’ is a rising trend, especially in the US. Anna af Jochnick, Online Sales Force Manager at Oriflame, says the main advantage is the relationship: customers get product recommendations from someone who knows them and their beauty style.
‘It’s like having your own personal shopper,’ says af Jochnick. ‘Someone you trust and think has good taste.’
ANNA AF JOCHNICKS TOP TIPS FOR BEAUTY CONSULTANT SUCCESS:
The easiest way to start is by selling to friends and family.
You can choose to work either with the physical catalogue or spread the link (to the Oriflame web site or your beauty store) to friends online. A beauty store is your own web shop that looks like our web site.
I recommend that you spread the link to your beauty store. When someone buys via your beauty store, all sales are credited to you.
Take a training course or two. We have training courses in skincare, makeup and business – and most of them are free.
Learn how to climb the compensation ladder. How do you take new steps? What should you do? How should you structure your work? What are your earning opportunities?
Take an online course and learn how to use all of our online tools to build your business.
It’s easy to get lost in the every-growing world of mobile apps. There are so many, that finding the right ones to download can be tricky. So to help you out, we’ve selected 7 of our favourites for raising your tech-beauty game.
For those days when you forget your pocket mirror at home, “Mirror” is your go-to app. Better than your front camera (we promise), it uses enhanced lighting to give you a brighter reflection – perfect for touching up makeup when you’re on the move.
Thanks to Make-up Wizard you no longer need to smudge products on the back of your hand to try them. Instead, this app allows you to apply eye shadows, eyeliners, mascaras, lipsticks and many more products, simply by using your camera phone. Once you’ve got over the initial wow factor of trying on makeup virtually, you can try shopping the products straight from the app. With over 50,000 users in two months, it’s averaging a 4.5 star-rating on the app store. Android users can download Makeup Wizard free here or you iTunes and download it free here. 
This sophisticated mobile app was designed to forecast UV rays for all over the world. All you need to do is enter the destination you want to check and the app will give you the UV forecast. It also gives you handy tips about sun protection!
We all know that drinking water is essential if we want a healthy body and radiant skin. If you’re struggling to keep track of how much water you’re drinking, iDrated could be for you. It works out exactly how much water your body needs based on your gender and weight, and allows you to log your water water easily to make sure you meet your daily quota; you can even set up a drinking alarm!
If you ask us, you can never have too much inspiration. Pinterest allows you to scroll through beautiful imagery, create your own mood boards and share inspiring pictures with your community. It’s also a fantastic place to discover beauty tutorials and trends. 
Health professionals recommend that we take 10,000 steps a day, but the average person only walks between 3000 and 4000 steps daily – way off the recommended target! Downloading Pedometer can help you meet your step goals, monitor your calorie count and track the distance and inclination that you walk – it’s a wellness-buff must.
To us, you’re always beautiful! But if you feel your selfie needs some touching-up, we recommend BeautyPlus, which has over 70million users worldwide. Take a cue from the blogging world and add beauty filters and use the editing tools available in this free app. And when you post to Instagram, why not follow us @oriflameindia – we’ll see you there!
We have looked a little bit closer at the Italian fashion houses to give you the hottest trends for fall and winter. Meet the autumn in a new fresh beauty look.
A big trend we saw in Milan was the allure of the elegant and feminine lady. The look was punctuated by tailored suits and marked waists together with a makeup finished that echoed 1940s and 1950s style. Bring out your seductive side and show off your femininity with classic eyeliner, red lips and beautiful curls. 
In recent years we had the rose-like rouge on the cheek for a sweet impression, but this season the trend moves to applying above the cheekbone. Shade the cheekbones with a blush or use a highlighter applied in the form of a triangle, above the eyebrow and on the cheekbone. The result is defined cheekbones that gives a fresh impression. 
This eye makeup style has become a true classic and is now a prominent feature at fashion shows. In Milan there were a lot of variations on this look - sparkling details and clear bright colors. The eye shadow is undoubtedly one of autumn's most important makeup products for on-trend results. 
A red lip is one of fall's most stylish trends. In addition to a flawless complexion it doesn’t take much more. In Milan, we also saw a new twist on the classic red lips - purple lipstick. The punk chic is back – it is one of the main influences in the fall fashion collections. 
In contrast to the punkier styles, several designers choose to put all the focus on their clothes and gave the models a natural and minimalistic makeup style. However, the minimalist trend is far from natural; cheat the way to a perfect surface with a foundation, concealer and powder. 
The hairdos for autumn don´t require much effort; the simple hair knot and low ponytail is hanging on from the spring and summer shows. The new twist for fall is to water comb the hair. Use a shine spray with a lot of firmness to give the hairstyle a water combed impression, comb the hair backwards and put it up in a knot, ponytail or just let it be naturally loose. 
Beauty in autumn offers a very relaxed hairstyle. But designers like Bottega Veneta and Roberto Cavalli gave us beautiful, curly hair that made us breathless!. Apply a volume mouse in your freshly washed hair to give it an ideal texture and blow dry with a hair dryer. Curl your hair tight with a small curling iron, let it cool and then brush out the curls to get the fluffy curls. Voila, fall's hottest hair!
This fall we put all the focus on the eyes; make sure that these three products are included in your makeup bag - black eyeliner, eye shadows in earthy tones and, of course, mascara. Jonas Wramell, Oriflame’s Global Beauty Director, leads the way.
"Cat-eyes and smoky eyes are two really strong trends for this season," says Jonas. "Focus on the eyes and keep the rest of the makeup neutral." 
Get inspired by beauty icons like Brigitte Bardot, Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn through the eye makeup trend that breathes the 1960s. The trick is to apply black eyeliner with a sharp wing that extends the eye and gives it a sleek cat eye look. Get the perfect wing by holding a pen or a piece of paper from the nostril and towards the outer edge of the eye.
If you want a more graphic look, you can make a thicker line and wing. For a softer effect, take some eye shadow on a brush and blend easily over the eyeliner and pull outward toward the outer corner of the eye. Keep in mind that the eyeliner should dry before you do this.
Enhance the effect by applying black mascara only on the upper lash line. Start in the inner corner of the eye and pull the mascara over the lashes in the direction of the outer corner of the eye. This gives you the perfect cat eye look. 
The smokey eyes look is always hot, but new for this season is color. Skip the traditional black color and go for subtle tones of gray, purple, brown and dark blue. If you want a more relaxed style you can add some punk to your makeup, a big trend this fall, and put the focus on the lower lash line instead.
Jonas’s best tip? "Apply a gray eye shadow to the entire eyelid up to the crease and a black shadow at the lover lash line, take some lip balm on your fingertip and dab on the eye shadow for a glossy and cool effect. Finish the look with lots of mascara."
It was all about the lipstick at the Autumn Winter 2013 shows. We got to see beautiful tones of classic red, flirty pink and elegant burgundy. Light up the autumn darkness and give your style a luxurious and feminine impression with some color on the lips.
Do you feel it's hard to find the right lipstick shade? Jonas Wramell, Oriflame's Global Beauty Editor, reveals some simple tricks that you can use in order to find your ultimate lipstick color.
"To find the perfect lipstick you really have to try out different colors. Apply a lipstick when you don't have any other makeup on, to really feel the color in the best way and see how it suits you," says Jonas. "The other thing that determines if the color suits you is the color of your lips, hair and your teeth." Remember that red picks up and highlights yellow and orange highlights blue.
Some other tricks that gives you the perfect result:
Soft and smooth lips are the best base for strong colors. Start by scrubbing your lips softly with a dry toothbrush or a damp towel to remove dry skin. Apply a lip balm to soften your lips, finish by pressing a napkin to the lips to remove any traces that can help the lipstick to glide.
Start by lining the lips with a lip liner in the same color as your lipstick, follow the natural lip outline and then fill in the rest of the mouth. For best results, apply the lipstick with a brush, start at the center of the lips and work your way outward. For a more relaxed impression you can dab on the lipstick using your fingertips to give your lips a more sheer color. Keep the rest of the makeup clean, black mascara and well-shaped eyebrows is a nice complement to colorful lips.
Accentuate your lips by dabbing a little highlighter on the lip's bow and the center of the lower lip. The highlighter will attract the light and give the lips a fuller appearance.
What does the modern man look like this autumn? The always stylish Jonas Wramell, Oriflame's Global Beauty Artistic Director, gives you the hottest trends in male grooming.
What trends do we see in male grooming right now?
- The biggest trend is taking care of yourself. Men are becoming more and more conscious and vain, and they think it is fun to care for their appearance and feel fresh and stylish. The interest in male skincare is increasing every season and grooming has become an important part of the daily routine for men. The modern man should be masculine, preferably with a beard and casually tousled hair.
What does the modern man look like this autumn?
- We are inspired by a conscious, healthy and athletic man who lets his wild side shine through in the form of a beard and tousled hair. The modern man is well-dressed and conscious.
What characterizes the modern man?
- He has a personal style that he feels comfortable with, but he also likes to stand out. He is well aware that his inside and outside go hand in hand.
What are the most important beauty products that a man should have in his toiletry bag?
- In the fall when the skin gets a little drier, there are three key products if you want to look bright and fresh; the face scrub, to get rid of dead skin cells, the moisturizing face cream and the eye cream for a smooth and supple skin. Also remember to replace the light summer fragrance for a warm autumn scent that matches your personality. A concealer is never a bad idea, it’s ideal if you want to cover red spots and dark circles under the eyes.
What fashion style is hottest in the fall?
- The ultimate garment in autumn is a thin black leather jacket. You can match that with anything!
This autumn, the runway beauty looks are all about bold brights. Learn how to create the perfect palette.
How can one single dress set the tone for fall's biggest makeup trend? Ask acclaimed American fashion designer Jason Wu. The designer's autumn catwalk finale was a flowing indigo-hued gown that not only inspired the model's colourful eye makeup, but also took both fashionistas and the beauty world by storm. 
Autumn's feminine yet sharp silhouettes have crowned super-bright blue the colour of the season. On the beauty side, the eyes were bright blue with a heavy dusting of sparkling glitter, others chose ice blue shades below the eyes. But it's the ultra-violet cat eyes that emerged among autumn's colourful peepers. The look is refreshingly provocative after many seasons of smoky, monochromatic eyes. The formula for that striking 60s-inspired cat-eye look is a clean base and natural lips to make the eyes pop. Start by applying a moisturizing BB cream to even out the complexion and create radiant skin tone. 
Experiment with a mix of aquamarine and purple shadows, and don't be shy about shimmering metallic shades to amp up the eyes even more. Also, try a midnight blue eye pencil along the lash line and let a mix of different shades create a winged shape. With a softer effect than sharp eyeliners, the look is all about creating a messier feel - it's not perfect! 
If you're daring, pump up the trend by completely avoiding the retro references and go for a straight line instead of a "wing". That's thinking outside the tube. Finish by blurring the edges with an eye shadow brush and sweep a rosy blush over the cheekbones, and you've got autumn's prettiest makeup. 
Autumn's hottest accessories are colourful but they don't only hang on the shoulder (though we do love Victoria Beckham's bright bags) - they also colour our lips. Bright lips exude feminine confidence with a touch of sass. A bright lipstick also tops up your whole outfit - it's the new fashion accessory. This fall, different shades of hot pinks are the colours on everyone's lips - literally. Purple-pink hues were trending among some of the young hip designers, while Diane von Furstenberg chose hot pinks on hers. "It's not about going to a party. It's life as a party", said the New York icon to Style.com. We couldn't agree more.
From timeless neutrals to bold statement colours, sparkling shades are the key to ladylike glamour this festive season.
Whether you add just a hint or a whole lot of sparkle, shimmering shades add instant sophistication to your festive style. 
"For holiday parties and celebrations, opt for classic cocktail attire and let your face and nails do the talking. Sparkling lips and nails or shimmering cat eyes can easily transform your whole look - makeup is the new fashion accessory," explains Oriflame's Global Head of Editorial Anna Blom.
Be the belle of the ball this party season with three of the hottest sparkle trends.
For an understated yet altogether elegant look, sweep your lids in champagne eye shadow and treat your lips to a seductive shimmering lipstick. Accentuate your features with a light dusting of bronzing pearls for an instant radiant glow, and complete the look with a subtle shade of glistening nail polish. 
For a glamorous spin on the popular graphic eyeliner trend, emphasise your eyes with strong sharp lines in sparkling metallic colours. If you're feeling adventurous, opt for a striking silver shade or an alluring midnight blue. 
Statement eyes in combination colours make for the perfect party look. This trend is all about experimentation so play around and discover the shades that work for you. Dress up your nails in sparkle tones for added glitz and glamour. Complete the look with a shimmering perfume for a divine scent and a subtle glow.
Get instantly glamorous with sharp black hues that create the beauty look of the moment. Here are 3 ways to wear this dramatic colour.
This winter a dramatic yet modern makeup look inspires us, with fair complexion and burgundy-coloured lips. At Kenneth Cole's catwalk, a mix of sharp blacks, olive tones and oxblood was observed not just on double-breasted wool coats, loose knits and cargo pants, but on the models' makeup as well. Porcelain skin and two-toned lips dominated the look. We especially loved the ombré effect lips.
Create the tough lip in three simple steps: apply a plum hued lipstick, leaving out the centre of the pout; dab with a red hue; and finish off the outer edges with a black liner for a dramatic lip as wearable as the fashion itself.
Winter's smoky eye trend is all about sophistication with a hint of grunge. One of our favourite catwalk looks was the oily effect eye makeup as seen at Roberto Cavalli.
Create it by using a smudged black liner that graduates into a softer feel with a mix of black and soft graphite grey eye shadows. Top up with a dab of lip-gloss for that oily effect, and finish with black mascara!
Greet the holidays with a feminine look plus a touch of retro. The cat eye is an instant classic that also provides an uplifting effect for your whole face. Think Sophia Loren but simpler!
Let the skin tone stay clean and focus on the feline eye flick.
Start by applying a black eye liner inside the lash line and bottom half of the eye, and continue drawing a straight line along the lash line. At the end of the eyelid, go upward to create the flick. Dab on some red lipgloss, and you are primed for this winter's parties.
Get red-carpet radiant with a mix of shiny metallics. Here’s how a hint of shimmer can be applied in 4 different ways.
Greet the holidays with a mix of silvery hued eyes and bold lips. Take a cue from the Christian Dior autumn catwalk for a simple yet stunning eye makeup look. Using an eyeliner, trace a silver-coloured arc at the inner and outer corners of the eye. The result is instant and intense.
Playing with different grey eye shadows is another of this season’s beauty trends. Try a new and edgy take on a classic shadow by applying a silver grey shade under the eyes. It will give your look a futuristic feel.
The secret behind a glowing and dreamy complexion is to keep the amount of highlighting products down and focus on a natural foundation. Top up with a dusting of soft multi-coloured face powder with shots of pearl white. Or target the high points of your cheeks for fresh contrast.
As the spring fashion catwalk season unfolded earlier this year, so did some of next spring’s biggest makeup trends, including white eye makeup. Get ahead of the trend and start exploring the highlight of next season… now. Apply a white eye shadow at the inner corners of your eyes, or go for a feminine blend of white and pink for a romantic look.
Let the catwalk inspire this season’s party makeup! Go for a feminine mix of jewel tones, soft nude hues and shimmering highlights.
January not only brings about the start of a New Year, but also an opportunity to refresh, or even reinvent your look, from top to toe. Here, we use the fall winter 13 runways as inspiration and interpret three of the season’s party-perfect trends into great beauty go-to’s that are ideal for a wintery night out.
Rich decadent colours in deep crimson dominated the runways at Armani, amongst others, and any night out should definitely include a splash of red this winter! It’s also a super easy hue to integrate into your beauty routine. A red-wine coloured lip is a great nod to the trend and can be dialed up with a lipgloss in a similar hue for evening.
Ladylike lace dresses and skirts made an elegant impression on the winter runways of Dolce and Gabbana and Valentino. The collection's neutral colour palette can easily be interpreted into a light wash of nearly nude colour on the lid using a soft eye shadow, for a timeless touch that captures the sheerness of lace. Add a bit of a liner for definition, and you’ll have this delicate look down.
1920's references, by way of dropped-waist skirts and feminine takes on tailored tuxedos, were at the center of Chanel's fall winter show. To evoke the subtle chic of this bygone era, it’s all about beautifully highlighted skin that embraces the paleness that winter brings about. Simply run a pearlescent highlighter across the cheekbones for an instant way to achieve the look!
Match this season’s fashion looks with our favourite makeup styles. Find your favourites among our top picks!
Once your spring season wardrobe is in place, it’s time to embrace the ultimate accessory to your new look: makeup! But which of the catwalk’s trends will you choose? Check out our guide to making the top SS14 beauty looks work for you and your outfit, no guesswork required.
Leather, sequins and metallic applique give the rock chick look a luxe update – take this almost wet-look finish to your smoky eye. Blend a steel grey shadow under the lower lashline, across the lid and diffuse the edges out to the socket. Add a dab of metallic shadow with micro-glitter particles to the centre of the lid and the inner corners of your eyes and top with lashings of black mascara.
Whether it’s a classic Bardot flick or smudged kohl, every season has its own reworking of graphic eyeliner. This spring, the line takes a minimalistic cue from the season’s simple silhouettes and unfussy fabrics. Such a bold look requires a flawless base – prep with a light foundation – and a really fine liquid liner with a pen-like applicator. Start midway across the lid, close to the lashline and finish in a blunt, slightly square tip.
The perfect partner to your bohemian maxi dresses for weddings and weekends away, a girlish flash of pastel pink shadow makes for the prettiest statement. Work a sweep of matte pink shadow across the lid, blending up to the socket and matching up a soft blush and a nude pink lipstick. Check out our pastel tutorial video to perfect this look.
Be inspired by some of the best beauty looks from London Fashion Week AW14 and learn how to recreate them at home.
Effortless and simple minimalism was one of the biggest trends, with flawless skin, and natural, almost invisible, makeup. But there are also bolder trends; playful versions of classics like the smoky eye and the red lip. The hair was simple and side parted, with either a glossy or an unpolished, dishevelled finish.
1 Daks showed a simple yet elegant minimalistic look with glossy hair and natural makeup. Apply moisturizing foundation and define your cheekbones with bronzer and highlighter. Line your lower waterline with white eyeliner to create a more awake look (perfect on a Monday morning!) and finish with mascara and pink lipgloss. Tuck your hair behind the ears with kirby grips and finish with serum and hairspray.
2 Instead of black, House of Holland used green or blue metallic eyeshadows to create a new take – and a bold party look – on the smoky eye. Use a metallic eyeshadow and focus on the outer and inner corner of the eye. Complete the look with black eyeliner and mascara.
3 There’s no AW without the red lip. Matthew Williamson was the winner with a glossy, berry burgundy lip. Together with a bright, bronze eye and a sleek ponytail, this is the perfect look for a glamorous date night. Recreate the look with burgundy lipstick and transparent gloss. Apply a bronze eyeshadow, and frame the eyes with a black, kohl liner. Straighten your hair (don’t forget heat protection!), put it into a low ponytail, and get a glossy finish with serum.
Which trends will you fall for?
Learn the fastest way to add shine to your spring look. Get inspired by the catwalk and tips from our Global ambassador for The ONE Collective: the stylish Elin Kling!
This spring, we love to add a few sparkling, luxe details to our look! The fashion entrepreneur Elin Kling especially inspires us with her fresh take on this spring’s trends:
‘I’ll be looking for luxurious textures to work with this season. I love the idea of pairing raw structured pieces with more elegant ones for an effortless, updated look,’ says Elin.
The key jewellery trends at the Spring/Summer 2014 runways in New York, Milan, Paris and London were all about warm gold hues and shiny metallic tones. Several top designers and makeup artists all had the same message: be radiant, baby!
At Balmain, the French fashion house’s creative director Olivier Rousteing suggested chunky gold bracelets and necklaces. Valentino went for gold chain necklaces with mythical pendants. The American fashion brand J.Crew showed feminine statement necklaces in a mix of pastel textures, crystal and golden chains.
For a chic and easy everyday style, create the look by mixing different textures: try glamorous pieces matched with simple classic cuts. Spring’s new metallic trends extend to our beauty look as well. Warm golden metallic lids and bronzy skin were some of the spring catwalk looks that make us want to shine all year long.
Be summer gorgeous with this season’s up-to-the-minute makeup. Here are three of our favourite styles this season.
It’s all in the eyes this spring – and we won’t be dropping our gaze come summer, either. Colour – preferably intense – is the word and summer is the perfect season to get bold with your eye makeup. Your skin usually has more colour and you can easily create a party look without looking overly made-up. Our expert shares his top tips for three of this summer’s beauty trends.
‘In summer when you have a bit more colour, you can wear more intense shades – like bright blues and purples – and set them off with a golden shimmer on the skin,’ says Oriflame Global Beauty Artistic Director Jonas Wramell.
‘Gold and blue are gorgeous together. If you think blue shadow feels like too much, try blue eyeliner inside the wet line instead. So you’ll have your usual makeup but with just a splash of blue. Fairly subtle, but it’ll make green eyes greener, blue eyes bluer and give brown eyes more of a honey-brown hazelnut colour.’
And for the lips – something deliciously different…
Try mixing two shades of lipstick – a mocha shade and a purplish shade will blend to the perfect shade of berry.
‘Dab it on with your finger,’ advises Wramell. ‘That makes it much easier to wear a deeper shade. The lip doesn’t become so hard-edged and you won’t feel overdone. Dab it on with your pinkie to get that berry-stained feel and avoid that graphic line that puts off so many women.’
Glossy coral lips, cornflower shadow, gold-bronze skin. When Oriflame interpreted the A/W 2014 trends on the catwalks at MBFW Stockholm with the trendsetting new makeup collection THE ONE, the beauty style was opulent and innovative. Join us at a glamorous event for a first peek at our luxe makeup looks. We chat with a few catwalk designers and our very own makeup genius Jonas Wramell.
‘Valerie wanted a signature,’ says Jonas Wramell. ‘Our styling was graphic, androgynous and monochrome. The signature is the bold eyeliner - white at the inner corner fading to black. Velvet skin, lips nude and hydrated and black-red nails.’
‘Therése Lööf wanted an almost theatrical look with gold leaf,’ Wramell explains. We simplified the inspiration by highlighting and contouring with terracotta powder instead. The result was very bronze-y skin.’
Focus was on the warm smoky eye created in gold, bronze and brown. With a nude nail, neutral lip and strong brows, the look perfectly balanced Lööf’s garments.
For Öhman, Wramell interpreted the designer’s inspiration – cornflowers and Art Deco – with blue metallic shadow across half the eyelid for a graphic look. The lips are natural and the rest of the makeup bare. ‘Combined with tangerine nails, the result is electric,’ says Wramell.
’Blue shadow is a strong trend. It sets off the skin and eyes – brown, blue, or green – to perfection. Our inspiration colour here was cornflower, accentuated by the undone face.’
Clean and classic were everything, with strong brows, minimal mascara and oxblood red lips. For continuity on the catwalk, Wramell shaded all the models’ brows in the same colour.
The makeup at Dagmar breathed the fresh and natural. Kristina Tjäder, the designer at Dagmar, talks about the vision behind the A/W look.
Tell us about the A/W 2014 collection.
‘For A/W 2014, we worked with collage in various dimensions like knits and leather joined with needle punch. The silhouette varies from a bullet shape to a flare. Inspired by Picasso, the palette is black, white and cardboard with silver and orange accents.’
What feel were you after with the makeup?
‘Natural, a slightly bolder eye and subtle shine on the lid for a fresh, clean feel. With the print and material mix, a more undone look to the makeup made the collection look cool and confident. The clothes and makeup together express an identity.’
While we love seeing all of the looks from the Fashion Weeks allover the world, the catwalks don't always produce the most wearable beauty styles. So we rounded up some of the coolest hair and makeup looks you can and will want this summer!
Seen at: Balmain, Marni, Dolce & Gabbana, Christopher Kane.
Raw, nude makeup looks are back, having taken a short break during the winter months. The look could be seen across catwalks all over the world, with models wearing light foundation and natural eyeshadow. This SS14 makeup trend is a great look to wear for your next daytime outing, brunch with friends or a weekend shopping spree.
2 THE DRAMATIC BLUE EYE MAKEUP
Seen at: Giorgio Armani, Marc Jacobs and Marc by Marc Jacobs, Prada.
Eyes accented with all shades of blue eyeshadow were a striking look on catwalks as makeup artists took strong popping shades of blue and made them new again, whether as a flash of blue on the lower lash line or in bold blocks of colour across the lids. In order to not look like an 80s throwback, the trick to the SS14 blue is to keep the rest of your features plain and simple, to make your eyes really take centre stage. This is a perfect party look this spring.
3 THE LINED AND DEFINED EYES
Seen at: Chanel Haute Couture, Saint Laurent, Rodarte, Just Cavalli.
From dramatic kohl to sleek cat eyes, black liner was another wearable look we saw all over the runways for SS14. This updated classic look is eternally changeable. You can either opt for an intense look, with thick liquid liner across both top and bottom lids (as seen at Saint Laurent) or team the black cat eye with silver glitter as seen on the Chanel Haute Couture catwalk for an evening look. 
4  THE TRANSLUCENT PASTEL EYES
Seen at: Burberry, Miu Miu, Kenzo, and Badgley Mischka
Sugary-sweet and perfect for spring, a myriad of pastel shades graced the SS14 catwalks. From light yellows to powder blues and pistachio greens, these pastels have a translucent texture that we love. It’s all about letting your natural beauty mix with light, sweet colours. This look is easy to wear any summer or spring day and matches perfectly with a summer wardrobe. 
Seen at: DSquared, John Galliano, DKNY, Prabal Gurung, Rag & Bone.
With last summer came colour popping pouts in a rainbow of shades, but this summer the colour is orange. In shades so bright they were almost neon, models strutted down the runways with either glossy or matte orange lips. This versatile look works just as well during the day as at night. Try the orange lips in a sportier fashion (like on the DKNY runway), or pair them with voluminous shiny curls for a more exotic look (as seen at Dsquared).
We’ve picked the hottest trends right off the runway! Get inspired by a cool mix of looks and laid back styles.
The heat was on at the London Collections: Men for spring/summer 2015. With tropical inspiration, catchy beats and cool clothes, the mood was laid back and playful.
There was plenty of pink, as shown at Burberry and Paul Smith, as well as lots of silver at Jonathan Saunders and Richard Nicoll. Stylewise, the nineties and the preppy boys ruled.
Move over, man bun. Hair knots in Gwen Stefani fashion were on display at Christopher Shannon, Britpop hair was big at Topman Design and Agi & Sam copied Javier Bardem’s infamous ‘do from No Country for Old Men. A good wax or gel is a must have for any of the above.
Both John Smedley and Lou Dalton’s models were fresh faced and flawless. For a face with just the right amount of sheer coverage as well as a little shine – mix moisturizer with a few drops of foundation.
The preppy look, as shown at Dunhill, is all about sharp tailoring and perfect brows. A top notch tweezer and an eyebrow kit is all you need for defined and eye opening look.
The eyes were obscured, either by sunglasses, like Katie Eary’s mirrored ones or hair, such as Alexander McQueen’s full face bangs. That put focus on the lips.  Make sure yours are soft and smooth with a lip balm.
5 PUT YOUR BEST FOOT FORWARD
Jonathan Saunders’ lace-up flipflops and Craig Green’s barefoot boys put feet on display.
Make sure yours are presentable if showing them in public. Regular use of a foot cream and pumice goes a long way.
Right now we love everything but a clean-shaven look! Meet Oriflame’s Global Hair Expert Karl Eklund, who reveals his insights into the stubble trend.
George Clooney has made it his signature style and Brad Pitt is rarely seen with a bare chin. But it’s not only Hollywood A-listers who are rejecting a smooth shave or a full beard for a lighter take on facial hair. We had a chat with our Global Hair Expert Karl Eklund, who reveals the secrets behind this undone and seemingly effortless masculine look.
Why has the beard suddenly fallen out of favour and why do men prefer a slightly grown-out style?
– The facial hair trend will continue this year but in a less heavy and more groomed fashion. The grown-out style gives an extra masculine touch without dominating the face too much.
Tell us about the hottest new trends in men’s beards this summer and also for autumn and winter 2014.
– We see several facial hair trends that depend on face shape and hairstyle. The style should always suit your face features: for example if you have a rectangular face, you can create a balance with a beard that’s slightly shorter at the chin and fuller at the side. I’d recommend asking your hairdresser for advice.
Describe your favourite stubble look.
– This depends very much on your ‘shape’ and facial features; there are different ways to wear stubble. Actually through my work in fashion styling, I see two other emerging trends – the full moustache inspired by Tom Selleck and other classic 70/80s characters, and the clean-shaven look for a more classic luxurious feeling.
What’s the inspiration behind the stubble look trending right now?
– Before, the only way to look well groomed was to be clean-shaven, but when celebrities like David Beckham and Brad Pitt started to make a statement with the stubble look, they showed it can be stylish and sophisticated – and that feeling has stuck!
  HOW CAN A STUBBLE LOOK ADD INTEREST TO A MAN’S FACE?
– A stubbled look can add some masculinity and you can choose to either wear a more natural style or go for a cleaner look by shaving the areas outside your natural growth for a more elegant look.
Keep in mind that shorter and grown-out styles always require some attention to suit modern fashion – this is not necessarily a low maintenance trend!
Inspired to reference the runway on your next night out? Add a touch of glam, with a deep tan, dark pout or accessorised eyes. Here’s how to turn heads this party season – catwalk style.
At the Autumn/Winter shows, models wore a glowing tan that contradicted the winter vibes. If the sun’s not out, fake tan will help you channel the trend. Or try “tontouing” - contouring using fake tan - for chiseled bronzing that suggests you’ve just come back from holiday.
Seen at: Dsquared², Moschino, Chloé, Michael Kors 
Play it dramatic with a dark lip. For Autumn 2015, dark shades of Bordeaux and plum are an evening staple – matte or glossy, it’s up to you. For the complete look watch our tutorial here.
Seen at: Trussardi, Emanuel Ungaro, Bottega Veneta
Geometric shapes are staying strong this season.  Keep your black eyeliner and dark eye shadows on hand to create this intense look – the bigger and bolder, the better. 
Seen at: Chanel, Dior, Fendi, Rochas, Paco Rabanne, Rick Owens, Rag & Bone 
Rhinestone and false eyelashes decorated and outlined eyes this season. For a bejewelled look that’s more wearable, try using a metallic liquid eyeliner to create small dots beneath your eyes. 
Seen at:  Mary Katrantzou, Rodarte
This autumn, we flirt with the 60's, both in terms of clothes and hairstyles. Low, clean and sleek ponytails combined with side parting is what’s hot this autumn.
"We are moving away from the Mad Men-inspired trend and turning towards inspiration from actresses like Brigitte Bardot and Jane Birkin, with volume, side partings and bangs. This fall we will see a lot of blow-dried and textured hair. Dry shampoo will be used frequently! " Says Karl Eklund, Oriflame's Global Hair Expert.
What should you consider when you use dry shampoo?
- If you use a dry shampoo spray, use it just like a regular spray; turn your head upside down and spray the roots of your hair. Then brush through your hair so that the dry shampoo is evenly distributed. Use only a little bit of products at a time and let it sit before you spray more! 
Karl Eklund is Oriflame's Global Hair Expert and works as an international hair stylist in the fashion industry. Here he shares the season's hottest hairstyles and stylingtips for the fall.
When it comes to short hairstyles, the cut of the moment is the little side burns, and avoiding the short neck cuts. If you want to get a more spiky haircut, you can fix your hair using a hair gel.
For those who have a medium long hair, I recommend a layered cut. Hairstyles that merge with the 60's trend with low and delicate pony tails combined with side parting is hot for this length also. To get a smooth pony tail, start by blow-drying your hair straight, brush it down in a pony tail and then fix your hair with plenty of hairspray. If you want an ultra-glossy effect, apply a smoothing cream at the end. That will make your hair look really shiny! 
Extremely straight and ultra-slick is the look to go for, for long hair. You get the look by using a smoothing creme as your heat protector. Dry with a blow dryer and a round brush and then use pliers. For a  stylish evening look, pin your hair behind your ears with some bobby pins. 
How should I care for the hair in the fall and winter when the temperatures drop?
- Replace your shampoo to one that is more moisturizing and use moisturizing hair products. I would also recommend that you use hair masks regularly.
Which celebrity would you like to work with this fall?
- Gisele Bündchen is always a favorite when your hair is a big part of her look. She always looks amazing both when it comes to hair and clothing style. Moreover, she seems to be super cute.
Frosty shades, shimmery hues and hints of gold. Metallic hues took to the spotlight as it cascaded across the Autumn/Winter 2014-2015 runways.
The metallic craze is here to stay and we are loving this glamorous trend. Though much of the catwalk makeup is more difficult to translate to everyday makeup, there are some inspirations to be had.
From the easy to wear silver and pewter eye shadows at Donna Karan, glittery eyes at Altuzarra, to more advanced looks with bronze lipstick at Rodarte and halo like golden hue on models foreheads at Emilio Pucci. 
We can’t wait to lighten up those cold snowy days ahead!
Twentieth Anniversary Fashion Week was held in Moscow in the Gostiny Dvor. Cosmetic company Oriflame was the official partner of the Week.
The idea to hold Moscow Fashion Week begins in the distant 1994, when Valentin Yudashkin addressed the founder of the Fund "ARTES" Alexander Dostman to help him in organizing his own show in Paris. Today, when the trend 90s soared to a peak of popularity, this coincidence does not seem accidental.
You sneakers lovers – shout triple "Hurrah!" In her new collection Masha Tsigal asserts combine them as you can with a casual outfits, and with street clothes. Refresh shoe shelves with a couple of new airmax, new balance or pony, and send 5 inch heels to wait for better times, for example, the next race on the heels.
Remember the time when you were ready to give everything for “USA California” cap with an eagle? It's time to dust off the boxes in the garage and catch the admiring glances.
Is spring for you a time of love and butterflies in the belly? In this case, let’s start to attract Swallowtails with clearly marked target!
Spring Trend - the volume of floral embroidery, appliques and bright details that previously might have seemed incongruous. Alexander Arutyunov believes that this kind of jewelry should be on you, not on the tablecloth. Vivienne Westwood and Dior agree with him.
It can be seen from a mile away
Do not be afraid to shine and be bright! Sequins, glitter and all that shines and attracts the eye will help you to do so.
Get inspired with vintage videos of Kylie and Madonna, just try not to overdo it with glitter and not to sine like a Christmas tree at 9 AM already. At a daytime give preference to sequins of a calm tone - as did Valentin Yudashkin. In the trend next spring - shorts and skirts, but designers recommend wearing them just in case you are skinny one. Perhaps this will be another reason to lose a few kilos for the beach season. And do not forget about the bright accessories - Chanel collars scatter like tangerines for the New Year.
One cannot have too many beautiful clothes. Next spring hits all ability to combine incongruous, but do not forget that fashionable layering suggests a lack of fasteners at your clothing items.
Tops on a sweatshirt, t-shirts under dresses, in general, half of the cabinet on, and no grandmother would ever say that you should hide your belly button or that you're not dressed for the weather. The main thing - to keep the tone. Do not play too bold with colors, the overall tone can be diluted with lighter and cool things - like on the show Victoria Andreyanova.
Basic color accents Spring-Summer 2015 - light shades of gray, calm tones of blue and blue, golden brown cognac, and aquamarine.
We’ve all seen some of the outrageous looks that are often displayed on the catwalks, but which trends are actually wearable for everyday? We’ve made a list of the seasons 3 hottest and most wearable eye makeup looks from the catwalks to make it easier for you in the trend jungle!
Seen at: Roberto Cavalli, Giorgio Armani, Carolina Herrera and Alexander Wang.
This look  which graced the runways of many big designers is perfect for those who prefer a neutral yet dramatic eye look. We saw a wide mix of textures — from matte, shimmery to sparkly and metallic. If you want to try a daytime smoky eye, this is the perfect one. When paired with neutral lips and tousled hair as seen at Roberto Cavalli, it’s a modern Brigitte Bardot look which we absolute love!
Seen at: Dsquared2, Emilio Pucci, and Nanette Lepore. And Fendi.
The 60’s eyes are iconic and hard to miss. This blast from the past is making a big statement in a myriad of different ways. From graphic eyeliners and light pastels to real baby doll Twiggy-like top and bottom lashes.  No matter how you translate the trend to your everyday look – there’s no doubt it’s all about opening up your eyes. Take your pick, and make a statement!
Seen at: Matthew Williamson, Derek Lam, and Vera Wang.
Plum, lilac and lavender. Purple was definitely the it-colour all over the runways in all it’s different shades this season! For day wear we really like the sheer lavender wash which feels more wearable than the bright purples, and give lids that freshness of spring!  For the evening the copper plum makes for a trendy smoky eye look to try out.
Feminine berry stains, neutral nudes or glossy lips? No matter what you’re into a pretty pout is all the rage for spring. We’ve rounded up the three most wearable runway beauty trends from the catwalks of Spring Summer 2015. Kickstart the season with these top 3 most fabulous lip trends straight from the runway!
In recent years the nude lip has become more than a trend, and almost a staple. However, the change for this season is the very light nude lipstick shades. The varying light shades graced the catwalks of Chanel, Nina Ricci, Damir Doma, and Elie Saab among many others. The light nude lip trend is top of our wearable lip trend list fashion list.
Stock up on those glossy lipsticks and keep your pink lip glosses! The glossy look is all the rage for spring. Team your glossy lips with powdered matte skin as seen at Anthony Vaccarello or try a glossier finish as seen at Stella Mccartney and Balmain. No matter what, a slick of sheer gloss gives you a la soft and sweet look while remaining chic and on trend.
Although it's a bold shade for spring, feminine berry shades graced a lot of catwalks. Perfect for night time, this glamorous lip look was seen at Oscar de la renta, Dolce & Gabbana and Trussardi to name a few. The berry lips can be somewhat tricky, so make sure you choose a shade to make this vampy style work for you and your skin tone
This season it’s all about the lips. But the summer’s high-impact shades have been softened for autumn. From stained, youthful pouts, to bold, berry hues, this season let your lips do the talking.
If you cast your mind back to AW15’s Fashion Week catwalks you’ll recall a stream of buoyant red lipstick. At Roksanda Ilincic, skin was kept bare with a dusting of blush and cherry tinged lip colour worn ultra-matte. Meanwhile ACNE Studios pronounced tomato-toned lips the must-wear shade. Hair was scraped back to grant lips maximum attention.
To achieve deep, dark red stamped lips you’ll need to layer it on. At Marchesa, robust wine coloured lips were heavily glossed to match wet-look eyes. To carry off such deep-shades you’ll need to prime lips first and rim with a firm lip line. Carolina Herrera and Dolce & Gabbana also layered their trademark cardinal tones, but lips were kept matte and paired with feline eyes. 
For the likes of Chloé and Topshop Unique, autumn’s beauty uniform is fresh and pretty. Flushed cheeks, naked eyes and handsome brows formed the canvas for raspberry stained pouts. The effect: just-bitten lips with a lick of popsicle-hued gloss. Natural radiance at its finest.
Makeup trends from the catwalk can often feel too outrageous to implement in your everyday look, but there are ways to tweak them and make them your own. We’ve made a list of this upcoming seasons hottest eye makeup trends for you to spin any way you want all year 2018.
It wouldn’t be spring without some seriously bright colours on show. Highly pigmented pastels, orange, pink, turquoise, green and yellow ran the show on designer’s runways in several artistic creations. No matter how you adapt it to your everyday look, there’s no doubt that the electro feel was real. The bolder and more eye-popping, the better! 
GLITTER, GLITTER, GLITTER 
Beam away! From subtle shimmer to stick-on gems and jewels, 2018’s biggest beauty trend is all about sparkles. Eyes on the runway were filled with full-blown glittery faces and lips, smudged shimmery eye corners, colourful starry eyeliners, bejeweled eyebrows and 90’s influenced chunky glitter eyelids with neutral undertones. Twinkle, twinkle little star. 
Speaking of stars: 2018’s liners are all about new edges and angles. Updated takes on the cat-eye were seen across the board, with everything from petrol-blue graphic silhouettes to pitch black negative-space eyes. Whether you’re going for innovative feline flicks or expressive shapes, explorative eyeliners are definitely worth a try. 
Summer comes with strawberries, and not only for dessert. Red-hot hues ranging from fuchsia to cherry tones flourished on lips at spring/summer shows, as well as rusty and pink eyes paired with glowy natural skin or bold liners. For a more sophisticated look, start easy with subtler shades like cranberry or terra cotta. For lips, try a high shine lollipop lip-gloss or a dab of a bright lip stain. Oh, and make sure to prime your pout accordingly before going red-hot. 
It’s all about that that base! There’s no denying that skin is in, with radiant complexions being a key player during fashion weeks across the globe. The main look was a sporty, fresh face with focus on enhancing each individual skin. Prep with a primer and a touch of concealer for a flawless base, and play with different highlighters to create that glossy illuminating look.
Creative. Individual. Fearless. The hottest trend for spring urges you to embrace bold colours and looks that stand out! Want inspo for statement lips, artistic eyes or daring cheeks? Check out our guide!
Graphic shapes, crease liner and strong contrasting colours – forget all rules and wear the eye makeup you’ve always dreamt of. Nothing is off bounds this season! Just check out the bold looks from Louis Vuitton, Manish Arora, and Victoria Beckham.
Eye makeup might get bolder, but it doesn’t mean that we’re toning down our lips. On the contrary! Vibrant colours and styles like ombre and two-toned lips are becoming even more popular this season. Take inspiration from Jason Wu, Maison Margiela, and Cushnie et Ochs.
Draping is the comeback kid of the season! This blusher technique, popular in the 80’s, uses colour to enhance facial features (similar to contouring and strobing). For SS17 you’ve seen it on the runways for Kenzo, Chanel, and Adam Selman.
Take a cue from the A-listers and create this autumn’s most sophisticated, glamorous look.
This autumn presents a strikingly glamorous look inspired by Hollywood: hourglass shapes and waist-whittling silhouettes meet shiny embellishments and sparkling jewellery. Get inspired by some of this year's best red-carpet entrances, and let us be your guide on how to create cinematic style by following these easy steps. 
Flowing dresses, long dramatic gowns and bodycon silhouettes: this season is all about feminine shapes and dramatic makeup, all with a sophisticated feel. One of our favourite red-carpet moments is when actress Michelle Monaghan arrived at the Warner Bros. and InStyle Golden Globe Awards after-party in Beverly Hills wearing a Day-Glo-hued satin cutout dress by Vera Wang, a matching chic clutch, a rich dark red manicure and coral-coloured lips. 
- Maxi lengths make a comeback for fall on both dresses and skirts, says Oriflame's Global Head of Editorial, Anna Blom. 
- Top up with classic red lips. Don't be afraid of looking too extravagant; autumn's makeup trend is all about glamour with a touch of boldness. For a softer feel a powdery pink shade will do the trick, says Anna. 
Red shades boast an elegant look for fall. One of our favourite red looks is Cara Santana's, the woman in red in an open-back lace dress at this September's Style Awards in New York. 
Opt for red-carpet style with a romantic ponytail and matching lipstick for the definition of Parisian chic. Go for flawless makeup to match the elegant ensemble - it's the perfect example that less is more, even when it comes to the red carpet. 
You can also add some gloss with ultra-lacquered cherry lips, as seen at Marc by Marc Jacobs. The polished-lip look delivers instant evening glamour and will create an exit as worthy as your entrance.
What better way to embrace the New Year than with a new hairstyle? We look to the daring Hollywood powerhouse Robin Wright for some A-list inspiration.
Starting out as a model and daytime television actress, Robin shot to stardom in 1987 with her stellar performance as Princess Buttercup in the fairy tale classic The Princess Bride. Her long subtle waves gave an impression of natural elegance, so it's no wonder her tresses quickly became her trademark.In the role of girl next door Jenny Curran in the 1994 Academy Award winning film Forrest Gump, Robin sported several styles ranging from a fringed bohemian cut to an effortless shoulder-sweeping bob. Achieve Robin’s long and luscious locks with a gloss booster for instant shine and smoothness.
Not only does she deliver an outstanding performance as the powerful Claire Underwood in the 2013 series House of Cards, Robin also steals the show with her stunning short hairstyle. This sleek cut accentuates her high cheekbones and graceful long neck, resulting in a fresh and sexy look. Keep a long and sweeping fringe in place with a strong hold hairspray.THE 
More recently Robin has opted for the ultimate chop – a super short and ultra edgy pixie cut. Get her smooth and sleek look with a moisturising styling wax. As for a favourite, we can’t look past the balanced and versatile House of Cards cut. It’s modern, it’s bold, it’s brave and yet it still has feminine appeal. Long and wavy, short and sleek or the super short pixie – which is your pick?
Glamorous waves, juicy berry lips, pouty mouths painted in coral and the side part, which is making an ultra-chic comeback. Here are the beauty styles we love from the 2014 Academy Awards!
As the stars glittered by on the Red Carpet at the 86th Academy Awards, some were a bit more luminous than others. Here are our picks of the brightest beauty trends. Which are your favourites?
Lips painted in shades of warm coral leaning towards orange are one of the main trends of the season and a challenger to the classic red lip. The Chic Coral Award goes to Best Supporting Actress Lupita Nyong’o, whose look was one of the high points of the evening. In a soft, feminine mix of shimmery lips, rosy cheeks, pink nails and an elegant diamond headband to set off her accordion-pleated pale blue gown signed Miuccia Prada, she enchanted us and the world. The celebrity and fashion manicurist who created the shimmering nails was American nail queen Deborah Lippman. In an exclusive commentary, she told us:
‘Lupita complemented this stunning “Nairobi blue” dress with gold and opal jewellery so I choose to coordinate her nails with these stunning accessories. I applied three coats of the light pink shimmer.’
A contender to the coral red lip is the berry-stained mouth, which we are going to see a lot of going forward into autumn, if we can take the catwalk stylists’ word for it. We were inspired by radiant beauty Kerry Washington, who made one of the evening’s most celebrated beauty entrances with a baby bump under her muted purple gown by Jason Wu. A loose semi-updo and intense dark cherry lips were the winning combination.
The hairstylists seem unusually agreed in their choice of coifs for the evening’s stars. The side part is making an ultra-chic comeback, preferably combined with long, glamorous waves. Beautiful, feminine and simply elegant! Cate Blanchett, Sandra Bullock and Jessica Biel all plumped for glam side parts and long hair volumised with gorgeous texture. Our favourite was Cate’s sensuous, sophisticated part and blonde waves in a 40s-inspired Veronica Lake look. Think a blonde Jessica Rabbit with a huge dose of elegance!
Get inspired by our favourite celebs to create the best look for you. We’ve picked the winners, hot off the red carpet!
There was a surprising amount of skin on show at the MTV Movie Awards – and we’re not just talking about a shirtless Zac Ephron. Next to nude makeup, shimmering skin won big. In a rare instance in Hollywood, less really was more. Silver-screen glamour with side-swept curls also had a starring role. Here are our five favourite trends:
Jessica Alba was all sun kissed and gorgeous, while Rihanna showed off bronze makeup, long legs and long, long lashes. Bronzing powder and volumizing mascara is a must for knock-out looks this season.
Holland Roden sported vivid fuchsia and Kat Graham shone in bright tangerine. A strong lip doesn’t necessarily have to be scarlet – have fun finding the signature shade that complements your colouring and your personality.
Ellie Goulding’s pared-down makeup was a winner. Start with a sheer foundation and slick on nude gloss to get a shiny pout that’s still neutral enough to wear every day.
All shades of grey dominated the night. Mila Kunis and Katie Upton had sumptuous smoky eyes and Lupita Nyong’o wore a shimmering silver shadow as a foil for her colourful Chanel dress. Choose a cream shadow to create a similar look.
Nicki Minaj, Rita Ora, and – somewhat surprisingly – Snooki were all polished to perfection. Even though held-in-place hair looks great on the red carpet, a slightly tousled look is more wearable outside the spotlight.
Makeup deluxe or nearly nude – which look is your favourite?
Take a cue from two good-looking styles that work for beach and barbecue!
Simple, fast and easy-care, we get it. To get you there, we’ve picked two trendy looks that take minimal time but will make you feel fit in any situation.
This cut is pure genius. At most, all it needs is a little gel support: rub it between your palms and just sweep them through your hair. Trim your beard super-short – if you want, leave a hint of a moustache and a five o’clock shadow on your chin, keeping your face clean-shaven otherwise.
This is a great style as long as you have thick hair and are willing to do a little work, since you have to shape it. Invest in a soft shaping wax and rub it between your palms before pulling them through your strands. A plus to the slightly longer beard is that you don’t have to trim it as often. The perfect vacay look!
Showering: Use a product that works for both hair and body.
Moisturising: Apply an anti-age moisturiser to your face for extra nourishment.
Smelling good: Pick a deodorant and a sporty fresh cologne from the same range for good scent vibes.
Now that the cooler months have arrived, we take a look at the stars of the ski slopes for the hottest ski chic beauty inspiration.
Stay skin smart in the snow this ski season with essential SPF products, and achieve a radiant complexion with warm neutral tones. Add a generous coat of lipstick in a signature eye-catching shade for instant après ski appeal.
"The ski chic look is all about creating fresh makeup full of moisture and rosiness. Opt for a warm, healthy glow," says Oriflame’s Global Head of Editorial Anna Blom.
Get the Duchess of Cambridge’s royal glow by taking excellent care of your skin. A BB cream with an SPF is the key to achieving a flawless dewy glow à la Kate Middleton. Not only does it help maintain an impeccable complexion, it simultaneously protects the face from the sun’s harmful UV rays.
Nobody does luxe ski style like Victoria Beckham. Drench your lips in a moisturising lip balm with SPF to achieve her seductive ski pout.
Be inspired by Russian fashionista Olesya Malinskaya’s luscious locks and protect your hair from the elements with an enriching serum. Add a coat of bold lipstick for an elegant après ski look.
Glamorous, well-sprayed waves, accentuated parts, and loose, bohemian buns – here are the hairstyles we want to be wearing in the spring sunlight!
Do you feel like us? …that a good hair day can put you on top of the world? This spring, there’s every opportunity to feel radiantly beautiful every day! When the catwalk designers presented the Spring 2014 collections, there were hairstyles for everyone. The Calvin Klein Collection plumped for wavy, medium brunette lengths that swept down over the models’ backs, while American designer Michael Kors suggested sun-kissed cheeks combined with romantically tousled chignons.
‘We’re seeing more movement in the hair: either curly or wavy depending on the natural hair structure,’ says Oriflame Global Hair Expert Karl Eklund. ‘But it should be controlled even if it is a bohemian or ‘messy’ look. For long hair, neatly centred chignons and low ponytails are on trend in the coming season. The side parting is also making a comeback.’
What’s the inspiration behind the looks?
– The inspiration is the 90s, when there was more volume and movement in the hair… but still slightly less than the 80s!
What are the top styles we should try for spring?
– Hair up in a loose chignon: not too tight but with some texture. Glamorous volume has made a comeback. If you have sleek, straight hair, emphasize your natural hair and keep it straight and parted at the side. Make sure your hair looks ultra-shiny! My favourite style is the glamorous volume style because it gives every woman a beautiful and very feminine look.
Learn how to recreate Karl’s favourite hair style at home…
‘The first step is protecting the hair with a heat protecting lotion (Editor’s pick: HairX Heat Protection Lotion), then use a volume mousse (Editor’s pick: HairX Volume Mousse.) Blow-dry with a round brush and backcomb the hair a little at the roots, then spray with a volume hair spray. Done!’
We talked with TV presenter and fashion blogger Lena Lentz about the secret of success, fashion trends fall and about how important it is to set goals parvilno.
What it takes to become a TV star and fashion blogger? What is the secret of your success? 
I believe that there is no one size that fits all. But I know exactly that first of all you should understand and decide what it is that you want. Is this your way? After all, it is just an illusion that to be TV presenter or blogger is easy – just to sit in front of the camera in beautiful clothes and smile. There are complexities. And my profession is no exception. Constant lack of sleep and irregular schedule is only the tip of the iceberg. 
I have no secret - knew what I wanted and moved towards this goal. Of course, with great help of my close friends and colleagues, for what I am truly grateful. 
I'm just at the beginning of my journey. But I have luck, I'm doing things I love. Therefore, I almost do not see problems. Sometimes at the shooting I even get recovered from a flu! 
The most important thing is to set a goal and go for it, live on it, work on yourself and do not be afraid of what other people think! And you will succeed! 
What beauty-trend this fall, in your opinion, are particularly relevant? 
This season, I praise bright color eyeliner. This new beauty trend really intrigued me. I think I will use it in the upcoming fashion weeks. The second discovery is a highlighter. Now I do not know how I lived without it all this time. I will replace the bronze blush with peach one. They freshen the face, and go perfectly with tanned skin. And, of course, wine and burgundy shades of lipstick, I think this autumn it is a must  have. 
Where are you looking for inspiration for your looks? 
I am inspired by completely different things, and sometimes unexpected, even for myself. This can be a casual passer-by with a casually draped scarf, or a woman in a suit and boats, music, a new country or city. But there is something that inspires me always, regardless of the circumstances - it is a good movie. I can enumerate the infinite, but still highlight those that is worth a look: "The very best" - now the personification of the 50s, "North by North - West" or "Breakfast at Tiffany's"
Summer is gone – how will you change your skin care routines? 
With the onset of cold weather skin needs more vitamins and nutrition. So first of all I will take a course of vitamins. I will use 3 masks: moisturizing, cleansing and oxygenation one. My cleansing routine becomes a little softer than the summer one. Various serum will also come into play. I will remove from my handbag thermal water and put back the protective hand cream and greasy lip balm. 
What will be your style this fall? Tell us about your choice of make-up and style of clothes.
I do not have a clear framework and boundaries, I do not change my style every season. I definitely listen to the trends, but do not depend on them. This fall, I will turn to 60-s style knitted things and pantsuits. Oversize coat as well be on the list of my favorites. As for makeup, it's a little bit of mascara, concealer, highlighter on the cheekbones, blush and bright matte lipstick, again, that wine shades for the fall is considered ideal. 
It is desirable to combine. But I rather have a day of relaxation at the spa. After all, there we not only support in the form of our figure, but also pamper your skin! And with this crazy rhythm of the metropolis, the choice would be obvious. 
What products are always in your purse? 
If we talk about skincare, then I always carry lip balm, hand cream and matting napkin. I also keep next to me lipstick, concealer and mascara. And an eyeliner and some shadows for the evening.
Anne Hathaway, currently trotting the world premiering her new movie Interstellar, is no stranger to stealing the show. With enviably big eyes and luminous pale skin, it’s no surprise that a quick look through her hair and beauty file reveals some amazing looks we want to steal right away. Take a look at her 5 best hair and makeup moments!
Sleek shiny hair, porcelain skin and dark red lips. This look is polished to perfection!
Sometimes less is more. We love Anne in this ballerina bun paired with simple makeup!
This look is all about inventiveness, we love how she has and combined the classic smokey eye with a twist of a cateye! 
This look, which Anne wore to the Oscars, was simply stunning. The simple eye liner paired with luminous skin and light pink lipstick instantly gave her a soft feminine look.
Blonde pixie hair and metallic smokey eye gave Anne a striking beauty look. Notice how she has left her lips nude to let her eyes and eye brows take center stage.
Makeup from a catwalk is not necessarily too complicated for real life. Look at the makeup that Jonas Wramel has created for Moscow Fashion Week designers, and try it at home!
A few weeks before Moscow Fashion Week has started, Oriflame Global Creative Director Jonas Wramel met local designers to help them create the makeup for their hits collections. 
See our video report from the studios of two Russian designers - Alina Assi and Sergey Sysoev - and read step by step instructions on how to create a makeup sketch Jonas Wramel created for spring-summer 2015. 
Apply tonal base with shiny particles on the face. With highlighter underline cheekbones protruding parts and areas above the eyebrows. Fix the tone using the powder. 
With brown eyeliner draw upper and lower lashes and blend with a small brush. Apply a creamy coffee-brown shadow in the outer corner of the eyes and blend gently towards the eyebrows, the inner corner of the eyes and temples, creating a smoky effect. Apply shadow on the lower lid and blend. Put on two coats of volumizing mascara. 
As a finish, put on lips gloss of beige tone. 
Jonas Vramel: "The inspiration for Alina’s new collection were the images of the elves, forest gnomes and other magical creatures. Style of the collection is reflected in the make-up. Warm brown haze around the eyes, thickening in the outer corner, emphasizes the depth gaze and radiant highlighter on cheekbones repeated in the cold splendor of lip gloss. "
Makeup for models Sergey Sysoev: 
Apply tonal base with shiny particles on the face. With highlighter underline cheekbones protruding parts and areas above the eyebrows. Secure the tone using the powder. 
With black kayal or pencil draw lower lashes and blend with a brush. Apply two coats of mascara. 
Jonas Vramel: "The new collection of Sergey Sysoev struck me with lots of bright colors and rich decor. Laconic makeup is the best way to accentuate expressive image. Shining highlighter on the cheeks and above the eyebrows allocate sculpted facial features, smoky accent on the lower eyelid will make the look impressive, and nude lipstick will complete the look."
What beauty look will be your go to look for the upcoming holiday festivities? We took a look at 5 of the hottest top models around the globe to find 5 beauty styles for each personality!
For the bohemian chicks less is more, or at least appearing to wear a little less makeup. Opt for the barely there look, with light foundation  and earthy eye shadow tones. Let your hair out in a mid section. Pair this look with accessories like big bangles or beads like Kendall!
For a sweet feminine look, take inspiration from this Australian beauty who definitely knows how to doll herself up. For this look we love her extra shiny side section, paired with a flawless base, pink blush and light pink lips!
The Brazilians definitely know how to stun with the hot glamour. Take a note from Allessandra Ambrosio rocking a smokey eye paired with glossy lips in a nude colour. For that extra glow don’t forget the bronzer. To complete the look, try some loose wavy curls.
We can always trust Karolina Kurkova to deliver on classic beauty. Pull your hair back into a ponytail and rock those classic red lips.  For the latest take on this beauty look, take inspiration from how she lets her lips take center stage while toning down the focus on eyes and eye brows.
If the edgy beauty look is what you’re looking for Cara Delevingne is your super model to take inspiration from. Let your eye brows take center stage while rocking a plum pout and a loosely pulled back pony tail.
New Year’s Eve and holiday party season is here. Sparkle and shine at the parties with our top 5 inspirational celebrity hair and makeup looks.
1. Kim Kardashian - The elegant beauty look
Beauty look chameleon Kim Kardashian has perfected the red lips and matte porcelain skin in this look that inspires us for a more glamorous type of party. Her neat sleek and shiny hair goes perfectly with this beauty look.
Your key products: Red lipstick, powder and shine spray.
2. Rihanna - The smoky eye look
Sultry smoky eyes are always on trend, and who better to get inspired by than pop diva Rihanna? Pair your smoky eyes with nude lips and big earrings for the ultimate party look!
Your key products: Nude lip gloss, metallic dark cream eye shadow.
3. Olivia Palermo - The retro sixties eye look
For a more laidback yet trendy look, get inspired by Olivia Palermo’s retro 60’s eyes. Go for a liquid eyeliner and use a white and a dark eye to create a contrast on your eyelids like Olivia.  This look goes well paired with a ponytail.
Your key products: BB cream, liquid eyeliner, black & white eye shadow
4. Sienna Miller - The natural beauty look
No one pulls off the natural beauty look quite like boho queen Sienna Miller. Focus on a good blow out and volume products for your hair. For the look, a great base and natural eye shadow is essential. Sparkle it up with your clothes and not your makeup for this laidback look.
Your key products:  Hair mousse, CC cream and nude lipstick.
5. Selena Gomez - The plum lip look
Find your inner vamp and try this dark plum lipstick look, perfect for any party. Leave your eye lids bare and simply focus on eyeliner to frame your eyes. To soften the look try a fish tail braid like Selena’s to match!
Your key products: Kohl liner, plum lipstick and eye brow kit.
Start of the year was rich in strong and interesting male character in the movie. We've compiled our list of most attractive men this winter.
# 4 RELIABLE AND SUPPORTIVE (CHANNING TATUM IN JUPITER ASCENDING)
The guy living next door, who has achieved everything in his life through hard work - that's for sure about him. Channing Tatum spent his early years in a small town near the river (which was populated, among other things, with crocodiles). He played football, learned martial arts, achieved life experience relief as his muscles - worked as a stripper in a nightclub. Next was a modeling career and fateful meeting with director Steven Soderbergh, as a result of which there was the first film that brought success and a lot of money - "Magic Mike" is based on a real facts of Channing’s life. This year we will see him in at least two films - "Jupiter Ascending" and "Foxcatcher." Experts argue that the latter would be an application for "Oscar".
Brave, selfless, ready to repel any threat and to save from any troubles, whether they even cosmic scale. Asks for nothing in return. Perhaps he even too positive, so that he will never make the first move - just do not understand that the time had come. So you'll have to use hints.
HOW TO ATTRACT HIS ATTENTION
Perfect skin and parfume, full of femininity and elegance.
# 3 REFINED ADVENTURER (JUDE LAW IN “BLACK SEA”)
Talent and a happy coincidence - a combination of these two factors can work wonders. This is evidenced by British actor Jude Law. Once on the scene in 6 years, and a member of the National Musical Theatre at 12, he hasm’t since been stopped. 49 movies, including real hits, such as "The Talented Mr. Ripley" - from which, in fact, began his triumphal conquest of women's hearts all over the world. There is a lot that binds Jude Law with Russia - Vasily Zaitsev in "Enemy at the Gates", and Alexei Karenin in "Anna Karenina." This winter, Jude Law will become even closer to us, playing Captain Robinson in the thriller "Black Sea" - a company with Konstantin Khabensky.
Passion for adventure and desire for wanderings is in his blood. Can not hesitate to go on a treasure hunt on the bottom of the sea. Inclined to trust people too, for that sometimes he have to pay a bit higher price. Eternal child in his soul. It is easy to attract him, but to go along with - not a simple task.
 HOW TO ATTRACT HIS ATTENTION:
The ideal length of eyelashes, eyebrows of a perfect shape and shiny lip gloss.
# 2 ASPIRING AND FEARLESS (PYOTR FYODOROV IN THE "HOMELAND")
An interesting feature of Peter Fedorov’s bio: while belonging to a Moscow family of actors, he spent his childhood in the Altai mountains. He didn’t think about the cinema or the theater instead was fond of drawing and when returned to Moscow, was going to do in art school. But something had gone differently, he entered the theater one, and his graduation show received the prize of the newspaper "Moskovsky Komsomolets" as the best performance of the season in the category "Beginners." And then he began his work in the film industry, which resulted in nearly 50 movies in 14 years, including such hits as "Stalingrad", "Christmas Tree", "Inhabited Island". At the same time, according to the actor, he was not working as much as could do, carefully choosing the screenplay. Despite the success of the youth series "Club", prefers complex roles. 
This guy can be found not only in Goa (where the movie is filmed) – but in place like that he will be more noticeable. He is looking for enlightenment and finds love. Sometimes his quests lead him to unpleasant or even dangerous situation, but he is always ready to deal with it and go away with head up. With him no one definitely will be bored - even if sometimes you would like to ask for quieter pace.
HOW TO ATTRACT HIS ATTENTION
The perfect hairstyle, created with proper styling products, and joyful, expressive perfume.
 # 1 MYSTERIOUS AND PASSIONATE (JAMIE DORNAN IN 50 SHADES OF GRAY)
We have yet to find out what the actor Jamie Dornan is. So far we know about it the following: young, well-build (played rugby in his early ears), musician - played in the band Sons of Jim, extremely handsome and knows how to successfully dispose of it – proved with a successful modeling career and contracts with Calvin Klein, Dior, Armani and other sharks of a fashion business. We saw him in the role of serial killer in the TV series "Crash" with Gillian Anderson, and now looking forward for the premiere of the year - "50 shades of gray," in which Jamie will play a major role for the first time.
Man of Mystery, the billionaire Christian Grey is of those who know how to intrigue a girl. For example, he can personally come to the hardware store for cable ties and rope. Or declare on the first date that the "hearts and flowers" - not for him. In general it is not so important, what was coming - the game in the style of "50 shades of gray," or going to the movies on the matinee. Mystique, perfect profile, athletic figure and perfectly tailored suit - the main components of success this winter.
HOW TO ATTRACT HIS ATTENTION
Provocative, intriguing and seductive fragrance, perfect glowing skin and intense color on the lips.
The Golden Globes officially set the tone for awards season style. This year, the red carpet was awash with dramatic eyes, berry coloured lips and Hollywood glamour hair – here’s our top four beauty looks from the night.
Lupita Nyong’o is never one to shy away from bright and bold colours. The Oscar-winning actress opted for striking violet eye shadow to match her floral gown. She finished off the look with glossy pink lipstick and relaxed hair.
Jessica Chastain always looks ultra elegant on the red carpet, and this year was no exception. The redhead side-swept her hair into sculpted curls framing her porcelain complexion. She gave the smoky eye an update with bronze and gold shades, completing the look with neutral lips. 
This year, the red carpet was teaming with British actresses, but none more radiant than Keira Knightley. The Imitation Game’s leading lady paired flawless, fresh skin with strawberry lipstick and soft, rose-coloured blush. Keira wore her hair pulled back into a tousled bun to show off well-groomed eyebrows and subtle brown eye make-up.
Jennifer Lopez always knows how to make a statement on the red carpet. Her signature smouldering eye make-up was created with plum eye shadow, adding a flick of black eyeliner and voluminous lashes for added drama. Brows and cheeks were highlighted, whilst lips were kept nude for a sophisticated finish.
The ultimate feel-good update, a new haircut is the quickest and easiest way to embrace SS14’s trends and reinvent your style!
February’s too chilly to contemplate SS14’s bright colour, warm tans and shorter hemlines, but a new haircut can make you feel younger, more confident and bang on trend – it’s the quickest way to reinvent your style. So enjoy that salon-fresh feeling and make a change today! You’re just in time to turn heads on Valentine’s Day…
Karlie Kloss cemented her status as the sexiest Victoria Secret model with this new choppy bob. Apply volume mousse to damp hair, then blowdry, ruffling with your fingertips for chic bedhead texture.
Jennifer Lawrence proves what a difference a new cut can make – she’s won countless movie roles with this bold pixie cut. It takes bravery to go for the chop, but with a little gel to give a tousled shape to the crown, you’ll soon love your sassy style.
Summer’s usual beach waves were tamed into a cooler ‘Kate Moss’ look this season. Cut to shoulder-length and up the shine factor with conditioner and heat protection spray. Blowdry around a medium barrel brush, rolling under at the ends.
If a cut’s too scary, there’s still a new style for you: the sleek pony. Prep with a hair mask and warmed hair turban for an intensive shine treatment, then blowdry away from the face with a cushion brush, fix at the nape of the neck and finish with hairspray.
Dakota Johnson, went au naturel for her role as Anastasia Steele in ‘Fifty Shades of Grey,’ But this leading lady is no stranger to being a chameleon with a variety of different beauty looks on the red carpet. A quick look through her hair and beauty file revealed some amazing looks we want to steal right away. Take a look at Dakota Johnson’s 5 best hair and makeup moments so far!
We fell hard for this warm bronze-coloured smokey eye look.  The flawless finish with just a little bit of bronzing powder kept Dakota looking radiant. With her hair up in a cool faux Mohawk style it’s total beauty hit in our book!
The long bangs and messy curls add dimension and help to frame Dakota’s face, allowing her best features to shine through. This effortlessly chic look paired with dusty pink-nude lips and a subtle eyeliner on her upper lashes is a perfectly messy and natural look. Best of all - it works anywhere from the supermarket to the red carpet.
This seriously smokey eye accentuated Dakota’s eyes, making her come-hither gaze her most striking feature. Complementing the look with nude lips and hair pulled back softly gives it an unexpected sweet edge that we adore!
This look with a powdery matte base, peachy pink lips and dark defined eye brows makes Dakota look healthy, young and fresh. Her softly swept back updo with its undone texture and delicate tendrils added to the sweet romantic effect of this look. Simply beautiful!
The attention grabbing red lips
A red lip is one of the most sophisticated and sultry makeup effects to master. Dakota Johnson shows us the best way to pull of this attention-grabbing look by choosing a bold, creamy shade for her pout. Her classic pulled back ponytail is a hit, giving this look a chicer (and less vampy) feel.
Sophisticated style, eye-catching colours and dramatic combinations – these are the hallmarks of Italian feminine style. We profile the Italian fashion elite for your inspiration.
Eleonora is a trend aware it-girl with impressive resume - designer, entrepreneur, blogger and model. We became aware of her cool style when she started blogging on joujouvilleroy.com, demonstrating her passion for fashion and her methods for indulging in rich colors and creative silhouettes. 
She began her career as a model and fashion muse for Dolce & Gabbana, but quickly became recognized for her talent as a fashion stylist. Now she works as a fashion editor for L'Uomo Vogue and for W magazine and is also a popular freelance stylist. She is impeccably dressed, often seen in simple and classic outfits but displaying a personal touch that always makes her stand out from the crowd. When Vogue Italy asked Giovanna about her best fashion advice she replied glamour, fun and elegance – the same traits we love about her. 
Befitting her role as fashion editor of Italian Elle, Eva is a natural beauty who inspires us with her personal style choices. Her chic and stylish dress sense might look simple, but it obviously brilliantly thought-out. In an interview with street style photographer The Sartorialist she talked about her style. "I don’t think about what’s appropriate, I just dress to feel special." 
As an heiress to one of the top Italian fashion houses (Marni), Carolina is without doubt one of Milan’s most stylish women. She heads up Marni’s popular jewelry line and oversaw the design of the new company website. Her style is true to the family's brand; she mixes feminine with masculine and loves simple dresses with original prints. I
Our Global Head of Editorial Anna Blom picks her favourite street-style looks straight from the runways of New York’s fashion week.
Many of today’s fashion trends are born on the street, which is also where the most personal interpretation of style finds its expression. Therefore, we’ve hand-picked our favourite street-style trends from amongst the thousands of stylish visitors to this September’s New York fashion week – find your favourites! 
Autumn’s fashion is inspired by menswear and the timeless classic blazer gets a boost this season. Opt for a short and boxy model for a chic twist or go for a more dressed-up look with influences hailing from the tuxedo. Also, try a subtle print. The classic pinstripe makes a comeback on suit vests, double-breasted jackets and suit trousers. 
Lace has always had a secure slot on the catwalk, but last season the sheer fabrics ended up in the spotlight. Previously seen as a detail, designers now use lace across whole garments. But it also shows up as part of accessories. Try a pair of high heels with lace details – feminine and sophisticated. 
Autumn is all about dramatic and feminine style. Long, flowing dresses with high slits are perfect by night and classic short silhouettes create an understated elegance by day. 
When fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent put his leather jacket on the catwalk, he not only introduced it to couture, he also made it a must-have staple for modern women. This fall, we see it with raw edges and draped cuts, but also oversized with wide shoulders. Our favourite is the classic biker model, which is a good investment not only for autumn but also for many seasons to come. The styling possibilities are endless: opt for leather-on-leather and match it with narrow pants, or wear it with a silky blouse and a pencil skirt. 
Just as the blazer gets a fresh start, it’s only appropriate that its faithful companion, the white shirt, also become one of autumn’s chicest centrepieces. Wear it loosely together with a pair of boyfriend jeans, or choose a more dressed up look matched with trousers and a lady-like handbag.
Studs, shiny rhinestones and gold – let autumn’s accessories illuminate those dark autumn nights.
Bold, bright and brilliant colour reigned supreme in the early 90s. Twenty years on, vibrant shades are making a powerful comeback.
Inspired by the unforgettable neon trend of the late 80s, statement shades spanning the rainbow dominated the world of beauty and fashion in the early 90s. Hot pink lips, neon nails and powerful punches of electric colour were the trademark of the time.
As the decade developed, the neon surfer look gave way to grunge and gothic styles with monochromatic shades hastily pushing vivid colour into the past. Matte mauves, smoky greys and rich browns paved the way for the less is more makeup look, à la Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) in the popular television series Friends.
Just like all trends, the punchy colours of the early 90s are now having a renaissance. Be daring and revitalise your wardrobe and makeup palette with bright, bold and unexpected bursts of colour. Simply balance striking shades with subtle hues for a fresh take on the vibrant 90s!
We decided to check out what’s hot at the moment by scouting the streets of New York for the latest hair and beauty trends. Here are our picks for the top five street style fashion and beauty trends to be inspired by right now. This summer is all about making statements – whether it’s over-the-top or easy going!
Forget straight styles and tightly coiffed curls. This season, relaxed beach hair looks and tousled tresses are one of the hottest trends to sport. Match your locks with a leather jacket or a fedora to complete this 70s inspired look!
We often spy this retro-inspired hairstyle on Lauren Conrad and Sarah Jessica Parker. It manages to be both elegant and a bit edgy at the same time. Just think carefully before you automatically pull wisps out of your up-do… it’s all about looking neat!
When it comes to makeup, nothing rivals the power of red lips. As we saw with these stylish girls, a crimson pout will elevate your outfit, instantly sophisticate you, and make a statement – all in one swipe.
Fuchsia is the colour of the season, and if you’re not keen on wearing it on your body, it’s time to paint those lips. This feminine colour suits most skin tones and hair colours, brightens your complexion, and makes your teeth look whiter. And most importantly, you get an instant boost of chic!
Bright shades always create look-at-me nails. Whether complementing an already bold style or adding a pop of bright colour to a neutral or pastel palette, brights rock the hands this season. We’re inspired by how these girls each mixed and matched their nails with a bright lip or a colourful outfit!
Street style has become just as major as the runway shows themselves, so every time New York Fashion Week rolls around, we’ve got our eyes off-catwalk to scout the season’s biggest hair and beauty trends. Here are 5 of our favourites.
The messy bun has graduated from gym class to street style staple. We spotted Nicky Hilton and Elena Perminova between shows, nailing the look. Whatever the occasion, sweeping your strands into a topknot is a chic way to keep hair off your neck when the temperatures heat-up.
Yes, the trend is back in full-force (Valentino’s been confirming it for a while now). This low-maintenance do, trialed by Beyonce, Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne will give a '90s edge to your look—and we're all about that at the moment!
Fuchsia flatters most skin tones; enhancing your complexion and making your teeth look whiter at the same time – what’s not to like? The street style starlets wore this bold – yet feminine – trend matte, with a lick of black eyeliner and dramatic lashes.
What you’ll need: The ONE 5-in-1 Colour Stylist Lipstick Intense Collection, The One Eye Liner Stylo, The ONE Eyes Wide Open Mascara
Low maintenance ladies rejoice! After seasons of slick up dos, hair is taking a more relaxed, just-out-of-bed approach. Think textured tresses that look air-dried (whether or not they actually are). Talk about easy to achieve! Dry shampoo anyone?
Not a fan of bright lips? You’re in luck, because their opposite is equally on-point. An easy way to add edge to your look, take your cue from Jordan Dunne who rocked matte, burgundy lips whilst off-duty in New York.
The essentials: Giordani Gold Iconic Matte Lipstick, HairX Volume Boost Dry Shampoo
We decided to yet again scout the streets of New York for new inspiring trends for autumn. Read up on our top 5 hair and beauty trends from the city that never sleeps!
Dark nail polish is perfect for autumn and was a really big trend on the streets this season! Whether your favourite is oxblood, navy, or eggplant you’ll be perfectly fashionable in this colour. However, remember that dark nails look best super shiny, so don’t forget the top coat!
Good news for lovers of cool and casual styles: after a having seen quite a few side-parted looks over the seasons, things are going front and centre once again. The centre parting revival centre-parting style is not only bang-on trend at the moment, it’s also really simple to achieve.
Shiny hair was all the rage for those at the front of the fashion pack. Try wearing your hair in a sleek bun or let it out!
The bright and white nails
Not a fan of the dark nails? You’re in luck, because their opposite is just as on trend at the moment! We noticed lots of girls sporting bright or white nails. Not only does a bright white manicure look good on everyone, but it also goes with everything in your closet!
While bright pouts are getting plenty of attention on the runways, the classic nude lip continues to be a force on the streets. The nude lip look is both simple and wearable by day and elegant by night.
The Most Fashionable Bangs  
Thin, long, short or edgy bangs? What we learned from these chic fashionistas is that long thick and straight bangs is the only way to go this spring. Leave them purposely messy for the edgiest trendiest look possible.
Hats Can Save Any Situation   
We learned that hats can be the answer to all types of hair 'mares. Whether you have grubby hair, it's raining, or if you just fancy a chic style for any occasion. The easiest way to spice up a bad hair day or simply edging up any look is adding a hat. Black, blue, brown – no matter what colour you choose make sure your hair is flowing free underneath and you’ll look instantly chic just like these ladies!
The Higher The Up-Do, The Chicer You Look
An up do can be the perfect solution for work, parties or down-time. Whatever the occasion, we learned from the streets that right now the higher up your do, the trendier you are. This season the only way is evidently up!
Street style is the best indicator of whether or not a catwalk trend has taken off. From fashion week to festival grounds, we’ve scouted the most desirable hair and beauty looks from around the world. This is the inside-track on what’s trending this season.
Red lipstick has a rival and she’s not backing down. She’s darker, tougher and not for the faint of heart. The lady in question? Burgundy lips. Surprisingly versatile, this shade looks good on all skin tones. 
The ubiquitous top knot shows no sign of budging. From super slicked back, to loose and disheveled, the top knot crowned heads from Sydney to Milan. 
Statement-making nails haven't died — they were just in hibernation for a while. This season stark white bases form the canvas for elaborate patterns and vivid colours.
An easy way to reinvigorate your hairstyle is to switch up your parting. The centre parting takes its cue from fashion’s fascination with the 70’s and 90’s. Just blow dry poker straight and pair with a smile!
For decades we have looked to professional makeup artists and high-end fashion houses for inspirational looks. But the last few years a new clique of trendsetters have emerged. Beauty bloggers, Vloggers and Instagram stars drive what becomes popular. But who should you follow? Here's the list!
Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, better known as Zoella, is one of the most famous Vloggers around. With two YouTube channels, totalling over 15 million subscribers, she’s a force to be reckoned with. She’s renowned for her beauty tutorials and quirky, happy personality. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/zoella280390 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/zoella/ 
The Asian American, Michelle Phan, was one of the first Beauty Vloggers on YouTube. Since 2007 her videos have been viewed over 1 billion times! She’s had a brilliant digital career and is the co-founder of ipsy and ICON. Follow her for amazing beauty tips and tutorials. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/MichellePhan 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/michellephan/ 
Lisa Eldridge is a British makeup artist for the stars and has worked with all the big celebrities. Still, she has time to share her sublime skills with the masses. With great in-depth knowledge she makes sometimes tricky beauty subjects easy to understand. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/lisaeldridgedotcom 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/lisaeldridgemakeup/ 
The colourful American Kandee Johnson has quickly gained popularity and is most famous for her astonishing makeup transformations. But she also shares great beauty hacks and tutorials. It’s a great channel if you need inspo or just want to be entertained! 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/kandeejohnson 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kandeejohnson/ 
Raye Boyce is a beauty, hair and fashion blogger living in NYC. With super-inspiring makeup tutorials, it’s no wonder she has almost 70 million views on YouTube. She also has a great Instagram account with daily looks. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/ItsMyRayeRaye 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/itsmyrayeraye/ 
Dalal Al Doub is one of the biggest beauty personalities in the Middle East. Her Instagram account has an impressive 1,9 million followers and her YouTube account has had over 20 million views. Follow her for flawless application and stunning looks. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/dalalid 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/dalalid/ 
16 million subscribers can’t be wrong - Mariand Castrejon, aka Yuya, is one of the hottest Beauty Vloggers today! The Mexican YouTube star is also huge on Instagram and Twitter, where she shares her life, DIY skills and best beauty tips. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/lady16makeup 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/yuyacst/ 
You’ve probably seen this Instagram star’s fun home-made remedies in your feed. She has quickly gained popularity, which her YouTube account can testify. With more than 100 million views, her tutorials are spreading like wildfire. 
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/farahdhukai 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/farahdhukai/
Get inspired by this spring’s beauty must-haves! Oriflame’s Global Head of Editorial Anna Blom picks her favourites.
The face this season is natural. Smooth, radiant skin with ‘no makeup- makeup’ that looks just a bit offhand. I love the trend!
But if you’re nearer 40 than 20 (like me) and don’t have flawless skin ... Don’t get me wrong. I think tiny signs of ageing are beautiful. Laugh lines: charming. A few grey hairs: personality plus. Or so I tell myself when a new one pops up. I do struggle with pigmentation (Yes, Mum, I should’ve listened and stayed out of the sun). But advanced research in innovative skincare has made smoother, more radiant skin possible! So, protective skincare products that work are my can’t-live-withouts.
I’ll be prepping for spring with a posh, fragrant scrub: goodbye dead skin cells, hello circulation! My other must-have will be a hydrating, protective day cream to make my fine lines finer.
The dream look I want this spring is not so much about colour. I prefer a matt base and amazing eyes. For everyday, I use a volumising mascara. My secret for lush-lash wow: I warm my eyelash curler with a blow dryer for a few seconds. Use a magnifying mirror and take care not to burn your lashes! And lots of mascara, top and bottom. 
Inspired by French designer Isabel Marant, I dot lipstick on my cheeks instead of blush. Versatile products really make life easier. My fave multi-use product is a balm - so easy to tuck in my bag and use on brows, eyelids, lips – even my dry elbows. The only rule of beauty is NO RULES – as long as your products work for you!
Summer’s over and autumn is rapidly approaching; it’ll soon be time to make way for the winter. Oriflame Editor Sanna Franklin is ready. Here are her beauty favourites for autumn.
Just as I update my wardrobe for autumn, my beauty routine will need a new direction as the season starts to change. For me autumn has always meant a fresh start, so I make a few crucial changes in my everyday beauty routine and makeup bag to get cool-weather ready! Here are my best beauty tips for starting your autumn in the best way!
1Start the season with a new routine
Make a new habit of taking vitamins every day; your future self will thank you. I make it easy for myself by taking a pre-packed wellness supplement daily. It gives me everything my body needs: omega 3, astaxanthin and multivitamins all in one!
2Autumn-clean your makeup bag
The start of a new season is a great time to overhaul your makeup bag and make sure anything expired, or no longer used is replaced with fresh new beauty products. I throw away my lipglosses from the summer and update my makeup bag with a classic red lipstick and a fresh mascara. I also make sure to swap my BB cream for a foundation that gives me a little bit more coverage, which I need for the cooler months; my absolute favourite includes mineral powder. Another essential investment is a self tanner to hold on to my tan, as well as shimmering bronzing pearls to keep that summer glow as long as I possibly can.
 3Moisturise, moisturise, moisturise
Autumn is the perfect time to renew your routine for the colder weather. Make a habit out of always scrubbing in the shower and then remember to moisturise your whole body. I personally get really dry skin as the temperature drops, so I choose a rich body cream. Another routine worth sticking to is applying a thick layer of hand cream before you go to sleep.  Last but definitely not least – don’t neglect your face. I always use a serum and in autumn I swap to a face cream that offers more moisture. I have also become absolutely addicted to moisturising gel masks and try to use my favourite once a week.
Salt water, chlorine, sand and sun all take their toll on your hair no matter how diligent you’ve been this past summer. I make sure to take the time to put a conditioning mask on my hair and wrap it in a warm towel for 15 minutes. The warmth helps the mask soak into the hair follicles and gives your hair a healthier glow and a softer feel.
Not every product fits everyone - especially when it comes to mascara. The one that looks great on your sister, friend or colleague might not work for you. No need to feel confused! Our Editor’s mascara guide will help you find the perfect one.
There are a lot of mascaras on the market, but if like me you have sensitive eyes, and on top of that wear contact lenses, you’ll know that finding the right one can be a challenge. As irritation is a chief concern, look for pH-balanced or hypoallergenic formulas that will lengthen lashes without discomfort. 
You’ll like: The ONE 5-in-1 WonderLash Mascara
Perhaps you’re crazy about swimming? Jogging? Skiing? When you’re a “tomboy”, you need a resilient mascara that’s smudge, humidity, water and – in your case – life-proof. Thanks to advancements in waterproof technology, there’s no need to give up wearing mascara even in the most extreme conditions. This is my “gym day” must.
Try out: The ONE Lash Resistance Mascara
Many people struggle with weak and brittle lashes that fall out easily. For an eyelash pick-me-up, invest in a volumising mascara that adds body and length without clumping. But I would also recommend that you treat your lashes too. Look for vitamin-rich formulas that condition while helping to reduce fallout. And if you’re shedding clumps of lashes, visit your doctor to make sure there isn’t an underlying medical condition.
Wear this: Giordani Gold Lash Panorama Mascara
If your eyes are small or sunken, a lengthening mascara will help create that wide-awake look you covet. Try the ONE Eyes Wide Open mascara for the eye mimetic brush that lifts lashes upwards from the roots and curls at the same time - it’s one of my all-time favourites.
My hero: The ONE Eyes Wide Open Mascara
It can be hard to achieve length, volume and precision-application without clumping. If this problem sounds familiar, look for a mascara with a lash-separating brush that gives evenly-coated, extended lashes with the added bonus of feeling lightweight. I love this for daywear. 
A mascara-must: The ONE Volume Blast Mascara
Sometimes it’s nice to skip the traditional black mascara and try something different. When channeling the “barely-there” look, I like to switch to a brown mascara that won’t weigh down my lashes – this is a must for blonds and brunettes! And when tired, nothing beats a blue mascara that instantly brightens the whites of your eyes to make you look wide-awake. 
Something different: Very Me Eye Lash Stylist
Everyone’s hair is different, but the right tools and products can take you closer to stronger, healthier, and more beautiful locks. Our Editor rounds up her hair care essentials, so you never have to have a bad hair day again!
"Your shampoo should target the nature of your hair and scalp. So before picking a shampoo, identify what kind of hair you have – oily, ageing, dry – and make sure you’re picking an appropriate cleansing product. I, for example, dye my hair regularly, so always use a colour-protecting shampoo by HairX. Then, I follow with a conditioner to style my hair. This is key: a conditioner is for getting the finish you want, not for cleaning. I like to have several conditioners in my cabinet and to switch them up depending on the look I want to achieve.”
I use: HairX Colour Protect Shampoo and HairX Colour Protect Conditioner
"Every hair-obsessed blogger and editor I know, swear by hair masks. Best used once or twice a week, masks are packed with conditioning ingredients that work into the cuticle to repair and treat. Again, pick a product that works for your hair type – if you’re frizz-prone, look for moisturising masks – ELEO has recently launched one packed with Rose and Argan oil. I love masks derived from natural ingredients such as milk, almond oil, honey or wheat."
The star-buy: Milk and Honey 
"Every hair-obsessed blogger and editor I know, swear by hair masks." 
"As a general rule I avoid hair dryers, curlers and straighteners – overheating your hair is without a doubt one of the most damaging things you can do to it. But if you can’t help yourself, make sure you use a heat-protecting spray to prevent the weakening of your locks.”
Your essential: HairX Heat Protect Styling Spray
"Serums and hair oils are game-changers. If you’ve got fine hair that gets greasy easily try raking an oil through your hair before shampooing to moisturise it. If you’ve got very dry hair then massage one through the ends post-wash to restore and strengthen.”
"People tend to buy any old hair brush and then stick to it for years – it’s an error. Pick a hair brush or comb that works for your hair type. I have relatively straight hair so use cushioned brushes or a vent brush. Those with fine hair should use a bristle or round brush and if you have curly hair or an afro, then a wide-tooth comb is a must.
The all-rounder: Cushion Brush
Perhaps you already know what you’re gifting the men in your family this holiday season, but what about the other men in your life? The friends, colleagues and associates that are harder to buy for? Our men’s editor Kirill Kutalov shares his tips for picking the perfect present for him.
You meet three times a week at a gym class and once you went to the football together (although you prefer hockey).  He’s your gym-buddy. He’s always available to help you with the free weights and on hand to recommend a good physiotherapist. He’s bought all the latest sports nutrition products, so this year you’ll be getting him a Limited Edition Wellness Pack – the Gold Edition no less. Wrapped in exclusive packaging, it looks like a real gift: festive, effective and optimistic.
You work well as a pair and enjoy being together – he helps you with grammar, you point out weaknesses in his business plans. Even your boss thinks you’re a perfect match, but you know it’s just professional. But from 9am to 6pm you’re in one another’s company - and you deliver. You’ve been reporting quarterly growth, in spite of the tough financial times. To show you care, why not treat him to “North for Men"? Anti-ageing skin cream and balm for the eyelids is a great way to thank him for his hard work this year. 
You met via a social network, only to find out that you had lots of friends in common. You’ve been for coffee a few times. But you’re not sure if these are dates are not – you’d like them to be. You’re confused about where you stand. If he takes some more initiative (let’s be optimistic!) then make your feelings explicit. Gift him Posses – a cologne that bursts with notes of laurel and grapefruit.
He knows things about you, you wish he would forget. People say that you’re like a married couple. But what binds you, above all, is friendship. Boyfriends come and go, but he has always been the most reliable person is your life. The warm and rare notes of this fragrance make up the perfect gift for your best (boy) friend.
Buying for a male boss can be tricky. You have the utmost respect for him (and him for you), so you don’t want to risk overstepping any professional boundaries. For the demanding yet caring boss, it has to be the noble cologne Architect Limited Edition.
You’ve lived together for many, years, but he still surprises you, revealing new sides of his personality; and so you take extra special care when buying a gift for him. For him and her, it has to be So Fever – because he is the best gift you’ve ever received, and you are his.
Although we all have our own definitions of “romance”, gift giving – big or small - is universally considered a heartfelt way to show your affection. If you’re looking for a present that says, “I care”, our Editor is here to offer some inspiration.
A Little Something To Show You Care
Not all presents have to mark an occasion; sometimes it’s nice to gift a little something to your partner just – well, because.
For him: Perhaps you share your shower products – femininely perfumed because you’re the one who shops them. So why not buy him something that is uniquely his? North for Men body wash will keep his skin in peak condition.
For her: Flowers and chocolate are overrated. If you really want to show her how much you care then it’s got to be a product from The ONE.
An anniversary gift should strike the balance between romantic, but not corny; functional, but not devoid of form either. 
For him: You’ve been together for many years and plan to be together for many more. And so, you have a vested interest in his skin care habits. Why not put together a grooming kit with a face wash, eye balm and moisturising cream? For the experienced male groomer the SkinPro Cleansing Device is a 1-minute addition to his routine he’ll love.
For her: It’s the most intimate gift of all – a perfume. Even the closest of partners can struggle to shop a scent for one another, so you’ll want something classic. Women's Collection Innocent White Lilac EdT, woody notes are guaranteed to delight. 
"Not all presents have to mark an occasion; sometimes it's nice to gift a little something to your partner just - well, because."
The day of lovers requires a carefully selected gift with a touch of humour. 
For him: If you’re stumped on what to buy your boyfriend this Valentine’s Day, why not treat him to ultra-kissable lips, with Tender Care Protecting Balm
For her: For a tongue and cheek, yet meaningful present try the seductive scent of Love Potion Secrets. Neither of you will be able to resist.
For when you’re not quite at the “I love you” stage, but you might be soon.
For him: What better way to say “I like you” then with the gift of good health habits? The Wellness Pack Man includes Omega-3, Astaxanthin and a Multivitamin formulated especially for him. 
For her: A wise man knows that the way to a woman’s heart is via her beauty bag. As every girl likes to be pampered, why not treat her to an Hair Mask? It’s a touch of luxury she can enjoy at home. 
There are the small surprise gifts and the wildly romantic gestures – this present will have the latter covered.
For him: Gifting him cologne is the ultimate gesture of closeness. After all, you are giving him something he will wear every day. You want your man’s scent to be tasteful and chic, and so look no further than Giordani Gold
For her: Show how much you love her with a skin care set. Whatever her concerns, there’s a conveniently packaged four-step skin care routine to suit. It may require some research and financial investment, but she’ll be besotted with these products – and you, of course.
Holiday season is here. We asked our editors to tell us their gift picks for their loved ones.
Men´s Collection Citrus Tonic EdT (30058)
A scent is always an appreciated gift! I prefer light, fresh scents and this perfume fulfils my wishes. The bottle is classic and the scent is refreshing with a hint of lemon and wood. It’s the perfect gift for my husband!
Tender Care box (Gift box) (30999)
The universal cream tender Care is a classic that everybody loves and especially when it is packaged in this beautiful little box containing my 4 favourite scents: vanilla, coconut, caramel and cherry. 
Time Reversing Intense SkinGenesist Rejuvenating Face & Neck serum (30836)
This Christmas I am going to spoil my mother with this luxurious serum. It contains powerful antioxidants that repairs mature skin and helps create a beautiful luster and resilience. I will complement by giving her some other products form the same series for maximal effect!
True Perfection set (serum + day and night cream)
The perfect way to express care and to surprise, as this is a rather new product!
Ecollagen set (day and night cream + serum)
Since I became familiar with Oriflame’s high quality skincare products and advanced technologies, I have started to spread this knowledge among my family. My mother has been using skincare products for a couple of years already, and I always know that she will be happy to get another Oriflame set for just any reason.
HairX styling set (Hairmousse, haircream, leave in spray and hairspray)
She is experimenting a lot with her hair and I have hardly seen her two times in a row with the same style, colour and length, so I am pretty sure this set will be a good  - and very practical – present for her!
Paradise set: 23853 & 24352 Paradise EdP & Paradise Body Cream
My sister loves fragrances and beautiful packaging. This scent is a lovely mix of peony, jasmine and rose pepper. Feminine yet fresh. By giving her this set she also gets the moisturizing body cream with the same scent. I’m convinced she will like it!
Milk & Honey set: 15579 Milk & Honey Gold Moisturising Shower Cream, 26447 Milk & Honey Gold Moisturising Hand Cream, 15570 Milk & Honey Hand & Body Cream
My mom travels quite a lot, so moisturizing products are always well needed for her. The hand cream will be perfect to bring on the plane while the body cream will be good for the cold Scandinavian weather.
Double effect mascara, 31189
GG Luminous Cream Eye Shadow Shimmering Grey, 30994 
For my best friend, I’ll give my own favorite products of the moment. The true perfection serum paired with the CC cream, which I personally use everyday and gives a lovely glow. To top it off I’m giving away my favourite cream eye shadow which I believe will be perfect for her!
International Women's Day is a great occasion to show the women in your life how much they mean to you. If you find it hard to select an appropriate gift, then check out this gift guide by our Editor, Gosia Ulaska. She knows what beauty must-haves to go for!
We all have that one girlfriend, who seem to live at the nail salon and always has the manicure to prove it! For Women’s Day, give her our chip-resistant nail polishes in new shades. She’ll love them! 
Do you have a friend who knows every makeup trick and has a flawless cat eye technique that makes you stare in awe? Then go with the latest lip trend and get her a bold lipstick in a dark shade. It will make her smile!
Flowers is always a great gift, but sadly they can only be enjoyed for a few days. This time get a floral gift that always smells as nice – a fragrance! Why not the charming floral composition captured in our new scent Women's Collection Innocent White Lilac EdT.
New colour, a fringe or ombre? Some ladies love to play with their look by changing hair style. They will definitely appreciate a product that helps to prep the hair for the next makeover. Therefore, a hair mask is the perfect choice!
From the blossoming love of the first year, to the solid commitment of the 10th - a nice anniversary gift is always welcome. And naturally the right gift should come from the heart. But a little inspo doesn’t hurt! So, if you want to skip the chocolate and flowers, check out this gift guide from our Editor, Sanna Franklin.
For him: We all want our partners to stay happy and healthy. What better way to say “I love you” than with the gift of good health habits? I recommend you get our Wellness for a great combination of essential daily nutrients and antioxidants. 
For her: No beauty gift guide is complete without makeup, but buying it for someone else is hard. The more you know about your lady, the bolder you can be in your choices. Personally, I love the elegant packaging of the new ranges from Giordani Gold. 
For him: Giving him cologne is the ultimate sign of closeness. After all, you are giving him something he will wear every day. If you want your man’s scent to be tasteful and stylish choose Eclat Homme EDT, if you’re thinking more along the lines of an iconic, sophisticated scent then try Giordani Gold Man EDT. 
For her: Just as cologne for him, a perfume is the most intimate gift for her. Celebrate your everlasting love with Volare Gold. It has a sensual yet luminous floral-gourmand-rose glow with notes of crimson rose, velvety peach and salty caramel. For a cheeky scent with instant recognition try the seductive scent of My Destiny neither of you will be able to resist. 
For him: If you want to let him know that your love is timeless, buy a watch. Maybe he already has a watch for nights out, but nothing suitable for day-to-day wear? Take a look at what he usually wears and what he might be missing. Does he prefer leather or metal? By matching it with his style, you know he’ll wear it! 
For her: You can never go wrong with jewellery. It’s a touch of luxury she can really enjoy for a long time. Before you commit, do some basic investigating. That way, you’ll be sure to give her a gift she’ll truly adore. What kind of a woman is she? Does she mix it up or always wear the bare minimum? Look at her current jewellery to decide what might be a great addition to her collection! Maybe some ear rings, a necklace or a pretty ring that would suit her style. 
For him: You’ve been together for a long time! And even though you love the thought of growing old together, you might want to provide him with the tools for continued good skin. So, why not put together a grooming kit with a face wash, eye balm and moisturising cream? Men can really benefit from using our North For Men range with Arctic Defence Technology. For the experienced male groomer, the SkinPro Cleansing Device is a 1-minute routine addition he’ll love! 
For her: You’ve been together for 10 years and plan to be together for many more. And just like you have invested a lot of time in each other, she’ll want to invest time in her skin care routine. So, show how much you love her with a high-quality skin care set. Whatever her concerns, there’s a conveniently packaged four-step skin care set range available. It may require some research and financial investment, but she’ll be besotted with these products – and you, of course. 
Ready to splurge a little more on the love of your life? Give her the gadget of her skin care dreams! Our SkinPro Cleansing System is a 2-speed powered brush that provides a deep cleanse and massage at the same time.
At Oriflame we're constantly exploring new ways to make our beauty products as environmentally responsible as possible. And this has led us to launch a number of products with amazing benefits. These are some of our Editor Jeanette Olsson’s favourites!
Do you also need a shower to really wake up in the morning? Then you should try the energising Love Nature Mint and Raspberry Exfoliating Shower Gel. It has natural-origin scrub beads, which means that it won’t have a negative effect on our oceans. Plus, it smells divine! 
We all know the frustrating feeling of trying to brush out tangled hair. Split ends and damaged hair can be a nightmare, so a strengthening hair oil is key for lovely locks. Try the Hair Oil with excellent conditioning and nourishing properties. 
The Ecobeauty Face Cream, is both Certified Natural and Fairtrade, which makes it an obvious choice for this list. Infused with Arctic Lingonberry and Sea Buckthorn Seed Oils, full of Vitamin E, fatty acids and antioxidants, it helps your skin to maintain its natural hydration. 
Who doesn’t want soft, healthy hair? And if there’s a responsible way to get it - then even better! The Love Nature Avocado Oil and Chamomile 2-in-1 shampoo, with biodegradable formula and no silicone, suits all hair types and is equally good for your hair and scalp. 
Need a quick moisture boost? Add a few drops of Ecobeauty Certified Organic Facial Oil to your day or night cream. With Cotton Extract and organic Argan Oil, it helps to deeply nourish and soften the skin. 
Did you know that we, on average, wash our hands more than 10 times per day? No wonder they get dry right! So, choose a caring liquid hand soap, like the one from Love Nature with Olive Oil and Aloe Vera. It’s also biodegradable! 
Our Ecobeauty Cleansing Milk and Ecobeauty Toner are both Certified Organic and gives you a deep cleanse, without being harsh on the skin.
The summer season has arrived after months of cold weather. But what does that mean for your beauty regime? Our Beauty Editor Sanna Franklin knows how to prepare a winter body for summer. Learn her handy tips!
Sanna Franklin: I’m a big summer junkie. I love the sun, the sand, the heat. Through the years I have gone through a lot of seasonal changes - having lived in both Stockholm and New York. So, I have mastered the art of summer prepping. These are my best tips! 
I always make sure to address any dryness or rough skin by exfoliating every two weeks. The most common areas for dryness are elbows and knees, but my legs always get dry too. I use a moisturizing body wash and treat troubled spots with a body scrub in the shower.
Summer often means breezy clothes - a fashion choice that’s accompanied with the often-dreaded task of regular shaving. Legs, armpits and bikini lines are the most common areas. To avoid cuts or bumps (never a good look!), never shave too forcefully or push down on your skin with a dull blade. Also, never skip shaving cream. It allows the razor to glide over your skin and makes it easier to see what areas you might have missed. 
Already got razor burn? Don’t worry! Dab the area with cool water and stay away from products containing alcohol. These can further irritate the skin. 
GET BRONZED & BUNK UP ON SPF 
We all know the dangers of excessive sun exposure, but if you’re like me, and feel that no summer is complete without a tan, then fake your way to a sun kissed look by using Sun Zone. For the most even finish, always exfoliate the day before you fake tan. Then exfoliate again, four or five days into your holiday. This will prevent patchiness. 
And remember – always take preventative measures by applying sunscreen and covering up when you’re in the sun (fake tan or not). 
MOISTURISE FROM THE INSIDE OUT 
Staying hydrated in the heat is a must. Keep up your water intake and increase the amount of liquid you drink on especially warm days. A great tip is to keep bottles of frozen water in the freezer. This allows you to have cold water all day, as they slowly thaw with time. They’re also useful in a cooler to keep your food cold.
Are you looking to extend your regimen beyond a shower and a shave, but are unsure of where to start? No worries! We’ve listed seven of the most important beauty products all men need. Check it out!
Look rested no matter what! With the right eye cream, long nights at the office or out on the town, won’t show the next morning. NovAge Ecollagen Wrinkle Smoothing Eye Cream is proven to reduce dark circles and minimise under eye puffiness by 76%. 
Protect your skin from the environment! Sunlight and pollution accelerates skin ageing and can add years to your face. So, shield your skin with Optimals Even Out Preventing Day Cream SPF20. 
Let your sleep work for you! Healthy, attractive skin is hydrated and radiant. Therefore, it’s crucial to moisturise your skin properly every evening before going to bed. Optimals Even Out Replenishing Night Cream will work wonders overnight. 
Think a moisturiser is enough post-shave? Think again. You also need an after-shave cream, like North for Men Unlimited Aftershave Splash to help cool your skin, reduce discomfort and prevent irritation. A must-have for all men! 
Don’t be one of those men who neglect their nails. A well-groomed hand gives a good first impression and reduces the risk of bacteria forming under your nails. A good kit contains two nail clippers (for fingers and toes), a nail file and small scissors, like in our The ONE Manicure Kit. 
Make a lasting impression with a signature scent of your own. The perfume you wear says a lot about who you are, and getting it right isn’t always easy. Unsure of what to wear? Read our guide: How to Pick a Perfume for Your Man. 
Stay fresh under pressure with a good anti-perspirant. Either choose a deodorant that matches the scent of your perfume, or go for long-lasting protection with Rebel Body Spray.
5 Experts on the 1 Skin Care Product They Can't Live Without!
Claire Tansey, Skin Care Expert, Ori-derm
Product: NovAge Ultimate Lift Serum and Night Cream
“My favourite product range the is Novage Ultimate Lift skin care set. I can’t pick one product in particular, but I have two favourites: the Ultimate Lift Serum and Night Cream because of the luxurious textures, which melt into my skin. I love knowing that the active ingredients in these two products are working effectively to help firm and lift my skin during the night.”
Sanna Franklin, Beauty Editor
“I have really dry skin (especially in the winter) so I use it for chapped lips, dry spots anywhere (and even to frame my nostrils as a type of nose oil!). I massage it in to my cuticles to keep my nails healthy, and it’s magical on my cracked heels overnight. It’s also an in-flight savior, perfect when my skin feels really dry.
I sometimes even use a tiny dab over my eye shadow for a glossy effect. Definitely can’t live without this product!”
Melina Galeadi, Skin Care Expert
“If the eyes are the windows to your soul, the area around the eyes is the billboard of your life. This is the area on your face that gives away your age so protecting it is crucial. People tend to think that eye creams are overrated, but the area around the eye is very delicate, and the pores and skin are thinner. Oriflame’s eye creams have a lighter texture and are perfume free to reduce irritability. I apply eye cream morning and night, wear sunglasses in the sun and make sure I’m getting plenty of sleep!”
Kirill Kutalov, Grooming Editor
“Summer is my perfect season, because this is when I can practice favourite sport: mountain biking. Sometimes I spend the whole weekend on my bike and I try to practice every day. Life in a big city means I have to cycle a fair distance, along busy roads, to get to the forest, which is why my favourite product is a mild facial cleanser. I can’t imagine my skin without one. Like many men, I’m beginning to understand the importance of daily skin care after trying a great cleanser; it’s a kind of an entry ticket – simple, convenient and effective.”
Nicola Robertson, Skin Care Expert, Ori-derm
Product: Ecollagen Eye Cream
“I love the Ecollagen range and use the full routine daily. My favourite product in the set is Ecollagen Wrinkle Correcting Eye Cream because the rollerball makes it easy to apply and wakes up tired and puffy-looking eyes.”
What's the secret to flawless summer skin? Our Editor, Sanna Franklin, has the answer and is sharing it with us! These are her five best product picks for soft skin.
I have tried all Oriflame skin care brands, and found that the NovAge Ecollagen range works best for me. I’ve invested in the whole set, and am religious about performing all the steps morning and night. 
I start by cleansing, then toning. After that I roll the eye cream around my eyes. Then I finish my routine by applying serum and a moisturiser (day or night cream - depending on the time). In summer-time I use the Ecollagen Wrinkle Smoothing Day Cream Light since my foundation already contains SPF! 
It’s not unusual to get oilier skin and more breakouts in summer. I counteract this by using a cleansing brush to deep-clean my pores without harsh abrasion or chemicals. The fact that this tool helps to remove so much more makeup and dirt than manual cleansing, enables my skin to absorb products better and be more receptive to their ingredients. 
In winter my skin dries out easily, so I slather on oil at every chance I get. But in summer I only blend some of the EcoBeauty Facial Oilinto my night cream about once a week. I apply the blend over my entire face to lock in moisture. This makes my skin look extra dewy the next morning. I have tried plenty of face oils, but found this to be the most nourishing. It also gets extra points for it being Certified Organic. I always bring this oil, for extra moisture, when I travel! 
No matter if I go to work, for a lunch in the city or a day at the beach, I always make sure to protect any exposed skin from UV rays. NovAge Day Shield SPF50 are great in the city as they also help to minimise the negative impact of pollution. When I’m sunbathing or swimming I use Sun Zone products – they’re perfect for the whole body! 
Scrubbing is a must after the dry winter months. I use Milk & Honey Gold Smoothing Scrub which is great. I also moisturise using the Optimals body firming lotion. It leaves my skin feeling super smooth – perfect for the summer months!
Most things are impossible to do while you sleep, but taking care of your looks isn't one of them. There are plenty of products designed for nighttime use and our Editor, Sophia Marinho de Lemos, has chosen her best picks. These are the top five products to turn you into a real sleeping beauty!
Masks are the ultimate skin care indulgence. And although a 10-15-minute treatment can add instant radiance and smoothness, nothing beats an overnight mask that leaves you looking well-rested (even when you’re not!). 
Highlighting, styling tools and dry office hair can leave my hair lifeless and brittle, so I apply a restorative hair care product weekly. My go-to products are serums that help to rebuild hair from the inside out, and hair oils that are infused with natural oils for glossy hair by the morning. 
My skin tends to get dry and flaky, so I always use a few drops of facial oil (after my serum and before my night cream). 
4. NOVAGE ECOLLAGEN NIGHT CREAM 
When you sleep, your skin gets to work repairing itself and building collagen. And so, I always complete my evening skin care routine with the Ecollagen Night Cream. It’s designed to boost collagen production and smooth over fine lines. My wrinkles genuinely feel re-plumped, and the quality of my skin looks smoother and healthier when I wake up. 
Your face isn’t the only place that can benefit from overnight care, a Sunday evening is the ideal time to massage a foot cream onto tired feet. For an extra treat, I like to slip mine into moisturising socks!
Skin care products are excellent gifts, but they can be intimidating to buy for someone else. So we asked our skin care loving Beauty Editor, Jeanette Olsson, to give her best gift tips for the whole family. Problem solved!
“One of the most common sign of ageing, for women over 40, is loss of firmness and contour. Therefore, I would suggest getting mum a NovAge Ultimate Lift skin care set. It’s powered by our patented technology, AspartoLift, and is clinically proven to give skin 70% more bounce in 12 weeks. Their blend of six nutrient-rich, natural oils will deeply nourish the skin and add much needed protection for the winter months.” 
“People may not think this, but men need a skin care routine just as much as women do. External factors like shaving, and internal factors like an excess production of sebum, means that men’s skin are in need of hydration. So give your father skin care products from our North For Men range. They are rich in antioxidants and re-energising ingredients. It’s also good for dad to protect his skin after shaving – so an aftershave balm is great to reduce skin irritation.” 
“The 20s is really the time to start building a foundation for anti-ageing. So, help her look young for longer with the Optimals Even Out range. It works wonders to lighten pigmentation and inhibit melanin production.”
“Teens often suffer from spots, blackheads and whiteheads due to a hormonal shift. Therefore, it’s crucial to cleanse and exfoliate to get rid of the build-up of dead skin cells and excess oil. The Pure Skin range uses a combination of Salicylic Acid, Detect Technology and Superfruit extracts to help prevent breakouts. And for those days when the oiliness gets out of hand, or your teen is on the go, Optimals Oxygen Boost Face Blotting Tissues are great for shine free skin.” 
“As our bodies produce fewer natural lipids and the skin-renewal process slows down, dryness is one of the most common concerns for mature skin. So, why not get your grandparents one or two of our amazing Tender Care Protective Balms. They contain natural beeswax and vegetable oils that will restore softness and prevent further moisture loss.”
Is winter your most problematic skin season? Don’t despair! Our Beauty Editor, Jeanette Olsson, has selected seven products to help you combat the cold. This is the full list.
It might feel counterintuitive to give your skin a deep cleanse when it’s dry, but you need to get rid of those dead skin cells to avoid breakouts and a flaky complexion. A cleansing brush gently massages the skin whilst effectively removing dirt and make-up. Just make sure to follow up with moisture!
NOVAGE INTENSE SKIN RECHARGE OVERNIGHT CREAM
A leave-on, overnight cream is another great add-on to your daily routine. It helps to deeply nourish and hydrate the skin as it’s in its most active recovery mode. Perfect for tired winter skin that needs a pick-me-up! 
4. ROYAL VELVET ULTRA FIRMING CAPSULES
Want to pamper your skin a little extra? Then we suggest you treat your skin to a month-long course with the Royal Velvet Ultra Firming Capsules. They contain six oils that are rich in fatty acids, lipids, antioxidants, vitamins and minerals, working in synergy to deeply nourish and protect the skin to restore it to good health. 
TENDER CARE PROTECTING BALM
Everyone’s favourite pocket-sized skin saver, Tender Care, helps to improve the texture of your skin and protects it from dryness. The best part is that you can use it basically anywhere. Check out 3 Ways to Wear Tender Care to see how! 
SOFTCARESS PROTECTING HAND & Nail CREAM
It’s not only your face that’s affected by the cold weather. Most of us also struggle with dry hands. Swedish Spa Nourishing Night-Time Hand and Nail Balm is the perfect solution. It contains Macadamia Nut Oil, which hydrates both your hands and nails without leaving a greasy finish. 
MILK & HONEY NOURISHING HAND & BODY CREAM
Show your body some extra love with an ultra-indulgent body cream that intensively nourishes the skin and leaves it hydrated all day. It’s a lifesaver!
There are some classic and timeless beauty looks that never go out of style and work season after season. Meet the fall in a chic and elegant look that radiates class.
Make a lasting impression with classic red lips. Get the perfect pouty lips with these simple tricks. Apply lipstick with a lip brush so it doesn’t look smeared out. If you want an intense color, start by filling in the lips with a lip liner and then apply a lipstick in the same shade. For more glossy lips, finish with a transparent lip gloss. 
The eyeliner became popular in the 60´s and beauty icons such as Sophia Loren and Bridget Bardot, who will always be associated with this seductive look. Combine with pale or red lips, depending on whether you want a modern or a more retro inspired result. Oriflame’s Global Beauty Artistic Director Jonas Wramell shares his best tip: “Paint a line along the upper lash line, working it out in the outer corner of the eye. In order to have a dramatic effect, pull the line out and up. Practice makes perfect!” 
This eye makeup trend has become a true classic in recent years, and this fall it's hotter than ever. The secret behind a sultry result is to let the eye shadows blend into each other. Shade out the shadows up and out for a nice lift. Remember to wipe out and get a smooth transition between the eyeliner and shadows too. Top the look with black mascara. 
Red nail polish is a quick and easy way to give your style a luxurious touch. Bold red is a timeless color that is equally suited to the party dress as the simple everyday style. A classic color that will never go out of fashion, the only change we will see are ongoing, updated versions of this immensely timeless shade.
Meet the autumn in a renewed style with some of the season's hottest fashion trends from the catwalk. We have selected our five favorite trends to provide you with the best styling and beauty tips that translate to a perfect seasonal look.
This fall we want to enhance the female forms, and what better color than a true autumn favorite: red. Our favorite take on this tone is burgundy. Think about alternating your classic little black dress with this rich, warm seasonal tone. Make it more dressed up by decorating the dress with a gold necklace. Opt for a classic and oversized clutch bag and for the ultimate luxury – dress it up with a big fluffy jacket or coat.
Put the focus on the eyes, draw with a black kohl pencil closest to the upper and lower lash line. Use a brush and wipe the line for a softer look. Finish with a lot of mascara on the lashes. Accent the contours of the face by applying a blush on the cheeks and shape the eyebrows with an eyebrow gel. Moisturize your lips and give them a nice shine with a lip balm. Then complement the look with a tight hair knot. Apply a mousse in the hair roots and make a center part, blow dry the hair backwards from the face until it is dry. Brush the hair back tightly into a low ponytail, roll up the hair into a tight knot and pin it in place. Secure with hair spray.
This fall we will get inspiration from the male fashion in the form of sharp lines and straight silhouettes. Invest in a nice coat with sharp shoulders, a classic white men's shirt and suit pants - three important pieces to get the right take on this trend. Avoid overloading on accessories to get the clean and simple look. If you want to feel a little more feminine, you can pair the masculine aesthetic with high classic pumps.
Let your skin radiate perfection - even out your skin tone with a light foundation and cover flaws with a concealer. Opt for earthy tones on eyelids, lips and cheeks. For a sharp makeup look, with sculpted cheekbones to enhance the strong style, apply a dark blush just under the cheekbones and blend. For a flirty look, sweep a dusty pink blush to the cheeks highest point. Curl your lashes and apply a little mascara on the lower lash line. To get an accompanying sleek hairstyle, apply a mousse throughout your hair, blow-dry it back and secure with a strong hair spray.
Pale pastels made a frequent appearance in the Autumn/Winter shows. These colors are normally associated with spring and summer but this season they’ve taken fashion in a new direction for autumn. Our favorite color is light powder pink that feels like a pretty rose. Wear the color from head to toe – you ‘ll get the best effect if the powdery tones are in the same color scheme, but be sure to mix materials to create exciting contrasts and get the color to really pop! Wear silk together with wool for a stylish mix of materials. Choose Invest in the autumn fashion garment number one - the coat in a large model and of course in pastel pink.
Complement the powdery pastels with a fresh makeup style. Choose a fresh base with a light foundation, apply a light pink blush on the cheeks and dab a highlighter on the highest point of the checks to give the skin a nice glow. Match the powder pink color with a light brown eye shadow, apply it to the entire lid up to the crease and on the lower lash line, and finish up with a little mascara on the lashes. Avoid light pink lips, as the clothes are in that tone it can give you a washed out effect so choose a warm tone for the lips. For this soft style it´s nice if your hairstyle is a strong contrast. Our favorite? A back slick.
Ease into autumn with the preppy style, a perennial favorite that never goes out of fashion. Create the right look with a classic plaid blazer, nice boyfriend jeans and loafers - relaxed and chic at the same time. All plaids are equally right this autumn, choose your favorite and buy a statement peace like a blazer, coat or pants and wear it in a relaxed way to get that relaxed chic. Wear it with a classic knitted turtleneck – a garment that is high fashion this fall. Top off the preppy look with loafers worn with thin socks.
Natural and fresh makeup is the preppy go-to look. Go for a light base and put all the focus on the cheeks and brows. Choose warm autumn colors; fill in the brows with an eyebrow shadow and apply rouge in a rich burgundy color to give your cheeks a warm glow as if you have been out for a walk in the crisp autumn air. Keep the lips natural with just a little lip balm. Get a chic but natural hairstyle by applying some hair mousse in your hair and blow dry it through. Finish up with a little hair spray.
Some of the designers where heavily influenced by the grunge era; so nostalgic!  Add a touch of luxury with a splash of punk by wearing some garments in leather and shiny metals, then dress down the style with a grunge inspired shirt that you tie around the hips - think checkered á la 90s. Make the look more personal with stylish accessories – our favorite is stacking fabulous rings across your fingers.  
This makeup look is all about the lips. Start by lining the lips with a dark lip liner to get an intense color, fill in the lips but leave the middle part of the lips bare. Next step, apply a lipstick in a bright red color on the lips. This gives your lips a nice 3-D effect that fits perfectly for this cool style. To get the right grunge effect, apply a dark eye shadow under the eye and lots of mascara on the eyelashes. Give your hair a surefire 1990s aesthetic with a tousled and casual hairstyle. Apply a volume mousse in your hair and tousle it properly, then finish with hairspray.
Shimmery pink lips, warm brown shadows, bold brows, loose hair - spring beauty is natural and romantic. Here’s how to create 5 stunning day-to-night looks.
This spring, we’re inspired by feminine, Bohemian beauty. Our muse is the sophisticated Bohemian-chic girl: luminous skin, brown smoky eyes, hair up and tousled or lush and flowing. She also shines brightest on the catwalk as influential designers showcase ’undone beauty.’ At Isabel Marant we saw velvety skin, defined brows and subtle cheek colour. At British Burberry, the palette was powdery, the eye shadow pink.
How do you interpret undone beauty? Here are our five radiant faves – along with quick transformations for a more dramatic spring party look.
The secret to the undone, dewy face is hydrated natural skin – think naked and you’re on the right track. Apply BB cream lightly to hydrate, illuminate and even the skin tone. Dot concealer where you need it and sweep a highlighter or rosy cream blush over the cheekbones for the prettiest spring look.
Accentuate the natural lines of your face with well-defined brows – the perfect frame for wide-eyed beauty. Use a small brush and blend shades of brown shadow along the natural brow line, brush lightly and finish with wax.
Plaits are back in a big way this year. Try a carefree and romantically messy French fishtail plait. In the French version, you pull in extra hair from each side as you go.
Sweep pale shadow across your lids and accentuate the crease in grey to add a bit of dash to your day look. Set off your face with a sheer lace blouse – and don’t be afraid to show a little skin.
Go for an elegant, slightly tousled semi updo. Start by curling all over, then twist a crown of strands. Clip at the neck and finish with spray for hold.
This season we love lips with a hint of subtle rose. Fill your lips with a pencil slightly darker than your natural lip colour and top with a shimmering rose nude lipstick.
Spring’s smoky eyes are softer than usual. Here we used a warm dark brown shadow over the lids. Loose lengths add up to sophisticated style. Wash with a volumising shampoo for texture and body. Blow dry with a round brush to create soft waves. Remember to use a heat protection product and capture the waves with spray.
For a more intense evening look, rim top and bottom lashlines in smudgy black kohl pencil. Add several coats of mascara, top and bottom.
Match the spring party look with the most romantic hair trend of the season – the side chignon. Create a low side pony, twist the tail into a bun and pin in place. Spritz with gloss hairspray for extra hold.
Feminine is the coming season’s key word. Day and evening lines are blurred – dramatic eyes and partylicious hair work equally well under the spring sun and party lights. Here’s our guide to the top five spring fashion and beauty styles.
Think modern Marlene Dietrich: white tailored classics, sophisticated pink nails. Let your accessories do the talking: the fedora will score high style points this spring with its androgynous edge. 
Love the wave – glamorous, simple, perfect under a hat. If you don’t have it naturally, create volume by blow drying upside down. Remember to protect your tips with a heat-protective styling cream.
Sheer and romantic meets clean silhouettes. Put on a pencil skirt and a delicate blouse, then dramatise with a biker jacket.
Frills are back, and we adore Isabel Marant’s sheer jackets in inky black. The frilled blouse is key and versatile, along with suit trousers for a masculine twist.
Forget the ‘eyes or mouth’ rule! Go ahead, be the centre of attention with your dramatic eyes and pouty mouth. Start with a BB cream for flawless skin, then fetch your BFF. You know: the coal-black kohl. And don’t be shy about it. All you need now are coral red lips...
The most iconic fabric of spring. When Kate Middleton wed her prince in an Alexander McQueen creation by Sarah Burton, creative director of the Alexander McQueen brand, lace instantly became a wardrobe staple. Sensual has gone sophisticated… and we love it!
Makeup is our key accessory this spring. Mesmerise with smoky eyes and matching nails – pure elegance.
White is the colour for spring, but crisp accents are another hot trend and elevate the style. Another key piece is the overcoat. We’ll be wearing it in a warm shade along with strong burgundy lips.
A loose French plait is ideal for an easy, natural look. Twist a strand around the elastic to hide it; finish with spray.
The beauty palette is coral and electric blue. Blue eyes starred on the spring catwalk, where Marc Jacobs’ models lit up the room with their turquoise cat’s eyes.
This is our interpretation of this spring’s romantic Bohemian girl, happiest in a flowing maxi-dress. For her makeup, we’ve chosen knockout blue mascara, metallic blue shadow and shimmering pink lips.
Indigo blue shadows are also showing up on the A/W 14 catwalks, so get in ahead of the crowd, and find yours – now!
Learn how to create this spring’s feminine and romantic makeup look! This spring’s top beauty look is romantic. We caught up with Frédérique Jacqmarts, the chic French Brand manager for our makeup range Very Me, who guides you towards getting this season’s romantic look… with a personal touch.
Tell us in brief about your background.
– I grew up in Paris. I did part of my studies in France, then moved to London, where I spent two years. I was working for Oriflame for a few years as product manager for Oriflame Beauty (Editor’s note: now The ONE), and when Oriflame opened an office in Stockholm, I decided to accept the challenge to move with them. Stockholm has such a good reputation for trend and design!
What’s the appeal of the romantic look this spring? 
– It’s a feminine, romantic mix with a contemporary touch.
Which shades should you choose? 
– This spring is all about channelling a soft, overtly feminine look. You can really see this trend emerging on the catwalk! Try plenty of pale pinks, plum hues and shimmering blue tones.
How do you create the perfect romantic makeup look? 
– Create a smooth base with a light day cream and a foundation with SPF to even your skin tone and add lustre. Apply a thin layer of lightweight powder over the nose, cheeks, forehead and jawline to set your makeup. For the eyes, I go for a soft, smoky shape. Add mascara and pink, shiny lips. One of my favourite products is a shiny and hydrating lip gloss. (Editor’s pick: The ONE Power Shine Lip Gloss in Soft Pink). Apply the gloss to the middle of your bottom lip with an applicator and rub lips together. This will add the perfect amount of gloss.
What are your go-to beauty products?
– Above all, cream with sun protection… I want to keep my skin as healthy as possible for as long as possible. I tend to use more highlighter/bronzer powder to structure the shape of the face – it gives a healthy look.
Can we use makeup to enhance our personality?
– Of course! To me this is actually the perfect tool for it. You can enhance your personality and adapt or change your look according to your mood and the situation.
We have selected our five favourite catwalk trends to provide you with the best styling and beauty tips that translate to a perfect wearable look for your everyday and night this autumn and winter.
Forget about strict uncomfortable clothes this autumn. One of the biggest trends, seen at fashion houses like Ralph Lauren, Celine and Sacai, is all about comfort. Focus on mixing soft luxurious materials such as suede, cashmere and wool in earthy natural tones. Investing in luxurious basics has never been more on trend.
You’ll want a look that seems casual. Let your hair out and curl it softly into easy soft casual locks. Complement with natural makeup. Focus on light weight foundation, beige earthy tones and try matching your eye shadow with your lips. 
This autumn and winter we want to dress up in embellished dresses as seen on the catwalks of Celine and Mary Katrantzou. A dark blue colour instantly makes the look more elegant.
Try a smoky eye in a new colour to complement this look.  An olive green colour makes any eye colour pop. A prune coloured mascara softens the look and frames the green colour in a nice way.
This autumn we saw plenty of tuxedos and double-breasted suits on the runways of Hugo Boss, Max Mara, and Hermés. The trick is to find a style that works for you which is not quite masculine, not quite feminine, just beautifully sylphlike and androgynous.  We love this white on white combo reminiscent of Bianca Jagger. 
Let your face radiate femininity for a beautiful contrast. For this look to work just focus on your eyebrows and lips and keep your hair slick and chic.
If you’re the bold kind invest in some striking colours. This season’s rule is there are no rules to colour combining, as seen on the Dior catwalk among many others. Forget about traditional no no’s and don’t be afraid to mix complementary colours like green and red or yellow and blue. 
To match your beauty look with this trend don’t be afraid to go for a bold fuchsia or an orange lip matched with silvery grey eye shadow. You will make heads turn.
The (faux) furs this season, seen at the catwalks of Jean Paul Gaultier, Balmain, and Saint Laurent were furrier than ever and the statement twists even more head-spinning than usual. Go for a contrasting black and white fur for cold autumn nights, and if you’re daring play with the contradictions of being  dressed and undressed  all at the same time by wearing a thin embellished slip dress underneath.
For an evening look you’re best off pulling your hair up to keep this look from being too over the top. A smoky eye in grey  or brown and a natural pink lip keeps the look classic for any occasion.
It’s time to refresh your wardrobe for summer, but what look will you adopt this season? To help you out, here are 4 must-know fashion trends and the fragrances to match - you’ll smell as fabulous, as you look!
If you love a “fiesta” then you will love this summer’s Spanish trend. Off the shoulder blouses, silky red fabrics with black lace details, and ruffles galore are what you’ll be wearing this vacation season. Match a seductive floral fragrance with red jasmine or ginger flower at its heart, and you’re guaranteed to dazzle! 
You’ll adore: My Red and So Fever
You’re a girly-girl and proud of it. To you, beach season means loose and long dresses, worn with wavy hair and sun kissed skin – and you’re in luck, because soft romanticism is in! This summer, it’s all about floral prints and lace details, flowing dresses and pastel or white fabrics. For the girl who plans to spend the warmest months outdoors, it has to be a delicate floral fragrance – think lilacs, orange blossom, white rose and freesia; like a breath of sweet summer air. 
Get excited about: Women’s Collection, Volare Forever and Eclat Femme Weekend
Stripes and gingham have been updated – like picnic-wear but much more fun! Your style is low maintenance, and yet you always look elegant. And so your scent for summer is sleek, with Royal White Lily or Lily of the Valley complimenting your easy, sophisticated style.
Fall in love with: Tenderly Promise 
Right now, all the cool kids are wearing underwear as outerwear – yes, the slip dress is now a fashion staple. It’s a trend that requires confidence, but that’s ok, you’ve got lots of that. Match your look with a rebellious perfume – something fun and impactful with notes of white chocolate, tobacco or vanilla! 
Try out: Love Potion Secrets
Black diamonds, treasures of Indian Rajas, royal gems and pearl necklaces of a film stars: we will guide you in a world of a most fashionable jewelry trends.
In another way this stone is called "Carbonado". This is one of the rarest and mysterious kind of diamond, shrouded in mystery and legend. Because of the all black color it especially loved by jewelers: black diamonds used by many designers to create unique jewelry and accessories. Black diamond is a symbol and business card of the famous jewelry house deGrisogono. Eva Herzigova, Sheryl Crow and Naomi Campbell are among it’s celebrity clients. Black crystals and gold – is an exquisite combination, suitable for a special occasion. We would advise the same sophisticated and spectacular make-up: cat ayes that are in the top this season and a dab of a soft pink gloss on your lips.
Gold never goes out of fashion, but this season it is especially important. Gold is everywhere: eyeshadow in golden hues, shimmering gold particles in lip gloss, gold powder and metallic eyebrows - all this and more of this we have seen on the world’s most important catwalks. Gold trend in accessories also does not leave the position, but, in contrast to the podium’s bright make-up, best jewelry from precious metal look rather restrained. The small size and elegant design solution - such accessories are perfect for a romantic evening and help to create charming look.
This year a lot of designers turned to oriental motifs. Suffice it to mention Valentino, Etro, Emilio Pucci, Marni. Multicolored, fine materials, stunning embroidery – we have seen all this on a podiums this year. East it is impossible to imagine without the authentic decoration and best expresses this trend Indian agate. This is a unique stone that is suitable for any occasion and almost any outfit, whether it's light summer dress with floral print or classic office suit. A special place among the jewelrys made of agate take the earrings - it ideal addition to a casual style look.
This trend is inspired by the great eternal images of classics movies, and in the first place - Audrey Hepburn in the "Breakfast at Tiffany's." Pearls - is the embodiment of femininity and refinement, purity and innocence. Since the days of Coco Chanel we know the perfect combination of pearls and the little black dress - a symbol of elegance at all times. But today you can wear pearls with casual clothes: it is perfectly goes with denim, actual fuchsia, floral prints and even the picturesque style boho. Pearls, according to Karl Lagerfeld, highlights a woman's face from the inside and gives the skin a special tone - and it is appropriate in any situation.
In this collection two current trends are teamed - big gems and royal luxury. Large crystals highlight your unique style and attract attention - this trend beat all the leading fashion houses. Particular attention is paid to designers necklace. Crystals of a noble shades of warm chestnut to deep wine-red, reminiscent of heirlooms of royal families. It is important to remember the golden rule: a large necklace and earrings are best combined with a simple, minimalist outfit, and they will play the fascinating play of shine and make you the queen of the evening.
Read more about the jewelries of an exclusive collection of Royal by Oriflame.
Nail art has fast become fashion’s leading accessory. An ideal way to customise your look, here are six of the most stylish trends to try now.
Nail art has transcended well beyond colour; these days it’s all about texture. Textured nail polishes have a thick and grainy consistency, which means you’ll only need two coats before heading out the door. Wear neutral rings and bracelets to make your nails really pop. 
For a refreshing alternative to glossy nails, matte polish is a cool choice. This trend works perfectly with statement accessories. A matte topcoat (like this one) will mattify any polish giving nails a shine-proof, velvety finish.  
Who says that your French manicure has to be confined to the tip of your nails? Switch things up and paint the half moon at your cuticles. Replace nude and white polish for edgier shades, like pairing red with black or plum with pink.
Perfect for nights out, metallic nails make an instant impression. This season, chrome, silver and gold shades are a must.
For a neutral, yet chic finish, nothing works better than nude, coffee or white polish. The runways have confirmed it: Minimalism is going nowhere. Whether matte or shiny, ensure your cuticles are groomed to perfection, as light shades expose flaws.
Ombré is having a beauty moment. Featuring a gradient of colours, we particularly love using candy or pastel shades to create this look. Follow our step-by-step guide and try it yourself!
It's invitation season, which means it's time to slip into a party dress and dance the night away! Here are 3 hair trends to take you through the season in style.
LONG HAIR – WONDERFUL WAVES 
We’ve seen a lot of waves on the runways for Autumn/Winter 2016. And we love it! Natural curls, big waves or glam locks are all on trend, which gives you endless options. They’re also perfect for a party look! 
SHOULDER LENGTH HAIR – BEAUTIFUL BUN 
Low buns are making their way back and the big fashion houses have given us loads to choose from. Still, twisted, loose or tight seem to be the most popular styles. Not sure how to pull it off? 
SHORT HAIR – AWESOME ACCESSORIES 
Bling it up this party season with amazing hair jewellery. Bejewelled tiaras, crowns, and hair pins are stealing the spotlight and adds glam to any outfit. You can choose to go big or small, as long as you make it sparkle!
All or nothing. That’s the short version of the upcoming season’s main grooming trends. But naturally there’s an infinite number of options in between these two extremes. So, we turned to our Editor Kirill Kutalov for a low-down on the biggest trends for 2017. Here’s his report!
If you wanted to grow a beard in 2016 (but never had the guts to) let me present a few facts to convince you to take the step. First, beards filter up to 95% of the harmful UV radiation that’s associated with skin cancer. Second, it stops allergens, which makes life easier for asthmatics. It also eliminates 100% of all razor cuts, warms your face in cold weather and serves as cushioning during a boxing match (although, I still recommend professional protective equipment as well). 
If these arguments aren’t enough, then knowing a big beard is one of the most important men's trends in 2017 might change your mind. Some stylists recommend not to comb it to create a wilder look, but I say it’s only appropriate if you have your own private tailor. 
Big beards are like long hair and huge muscles. Not everyone has the genes for it. But this is no reason to stay out of the trend! Even if the hipster beard remains a fantasy, you can always grow a three-day stubble. And with proper care, this option will be no less dashing than the previous one. Just remember this important rule: No goatee! Leave it to a IT guys from the late 90s. 
If you decide to go for something in between the two trends – don’t forget regular care. Trim your beard as often as possible (ideally every day), wash it often, comb it, and use hair oil. 
Having curls is a matter of chance. Not everyone is so lucky. But don’t despair! Straight hair is also perfectly fashionable in 2017. The best style combo is a large amount of styling products plus a wide-toothed comb. The world needs to see that you have put time into your hair! As variants, stylists suggest the wet look, with a sizeable amount of hair gel, or an oversized fringe combed from the back to the front of the head. 
Many people still define this style as sporty, although it’s no more athletic than your new pair of statement sneakers. Still, "haircut number 2" does have a few advantages: convenience, minimal care and no maintenance in the morning. For the new season, the six-millimeter haircut is still with us, but this time it’s far from minimalistic. By adding unusual colours like gold, fluorescent pink, and the main shade of season – electric blue, you’re right on trend! 
Wavy hair, gently framing the face, or artistic curls suit romantic souls conducting days in the bohemian bliss, Britpop fans, and those who relish the cultural heritage of the 70s and 80s. Stylists (and I’m with them on this one) recommend variations: the exaggerated side parting, the Afro, and carelessly tousled hair - as if you just pulled your head off the pillow.
Every year we see tons of makeup trends come and go. And 2016 was no exception. But as we move into the new year, we find that some trends are actually worth keeping. Here are the top three trends we can't get enough of!
Wherever we turn these days, we’re seeing lush, full eyebrows. And this is a 2016 trend that will stay strong next year. Contrary to the too-groomed, polished, and perfect-looking eyebrows, the on-trend brow is full, brushed upwards and slightly messy. 
The essentials? Eyebrow gel or wax, eyebrow powder and a good eyebrow brush. 
The natural makeup look has been on the up for years, but in 2016 it became a statement trend. We can thank celebrities like Alicia Keys and Kendall Jenner for embracing the “no-makeup” makeup movement, where “non-touring” triumphed over the heavy contoured look. Non-touring is all about dewy, glowy skin, and the use of makeup to achieve a natural look, rather than going for obvious drama. 
The essentials? A luminous shimmer, BB cream, and highlighter. 
A pretty pout continues to be all the rage in 2017. So, whether you’re into matte or shiny, red or plum, continue wearing your lipstick bold and bright! To make your lips become the facial focal point, we suggest you tone down the rest of your makeup a notch. A natural look goes well with luscious lips. 
The essentials? Take your pick between the lip glosses, lip crayons, lipsticks and liquid lipsticks available!
Makeup lovers listen up! There's a new trend in town, and we're super excited about it. Want to know more about hybrid makeup and why you should be excited too? Here's the low-down.
Hybrid makeup is makeup with enhanced benefits and textures that we normally find in skin care products. This means high-coverage foundations with ultra-light textures, moisturising lip products and face powders with SPF. In other words: High performing makeup that actually takes care of your skin. 
WHICH PRODUCTS SHOULD YOU INVEST IN? 
We have developed several products with added benefits to give you the best performing makeup possible. These are the products you should invest in: 
Giordani Gold Sheer Powder SPF 15 
This is a mineral enriched powder that delivers coverage for a delicate lightweight finish. Formulated with 90% mineral powders, antioxidants and SPF 15, it helps to prevent the onset of premature ageing. 
The ONE Lip Spa Care Lip Balm
This multi-tasking lip balm Ultra-conditioning double core lip balm with SPF 8 and a pretty hint of colour. Moisturises and protects for soft, supple, hydrated comfort that lasts.
Giordani Gold CC Cream SPF 35
This is an all-in-one makeup/skincare solution with a unique combination of lightweight texture and lasting medium coverage. It has Patented Anti-Ageing Brightening Technology to improve your skin’s clarity and luminosity. It also has SPF 35 with UVA/UVB filters.
Spring is around the corner - we promise! And, so it’s time to switch your nourishing winter routine for some lighter, more seasonally-appropriate beauty habits.
OUT WITH THE OLD, IN WITH THE NEW
A message to beauty-hoarders: if you have products that have spent the winter (and maybe even the winter before that) untouched at the back of your cabinet, it’s time to do an edit.
Aside from expiration dates, look out for changes in your products’ textures. Tell-tale signs include: clumpiness in mascaras, creams that have separated (solid at the bottom, fluid at the top), or changes in colour – particularly important to monitor in sunscreen.
Do away with lack-lustre winter skin with an exfoliation routine. But don’t assume that exfoliators need to be gritty to be effective. If you have sensitive skin, cleanse your face with a terry or muslin cloth, or use a cleansing device to remove dead cell build-up. An AHA or BHA acid exfoliant is another great way to achieve radiant, spring skin, but note: newly exfoliated skin is fragile, so exfoliate at night or follow with SPF in the morning.
Mintel’s Women’s Haircare UK 2015 report confirmed that women feel that health and diet have the biggest impact on the appearance of their hair. You can combat the effects of winter hair loss with a diet that is high in protein and iron, Vitamin C and E, and Omega-3. This will help thicken your hair and give it extra protection from the sun – kind of like dietary SPF. 
"When spring arrives, those heavy, moisture-rich products can now be switched for something lighter" 
When spring arrives, those heavy, moisture-rich products that served you well in the cold, can now be switched for something lighter. Perhaps a gel or foaming cleanser or a lightweight day cream? And, don’t forget serums! Many antioxidant-rich serums are formulated to remedy tired-looking skin with brightening formulas (like True Perfection). And always – and we do mean always – wear SPF during the day. 
Just like your skin care – take the opportunity to switch-up your fragrance. In the winter, fragrances tend to be intense to diffuse through layers of clothes. In the spring, replace heavy base notes with something lighter: an eau de toilette with floral or musk notes.  
Last year, sales in face masks increased by 22.8% in Europe – and for good reason. Face masks are becoming more advanced and delivering better results than ever before. If your winter routine involves deep peels, it’s time to look for something lighter: a brightening cloth mask, a gentle exfoliating mask or a 10 minute hydrating treatment will suit warmer weather.
Colour is optimistic. It’s cheerful. It turns heads and starts conversations. But if you’re used to wearing discreet lipstick – or none at all, colour can also be scary. This summer, step away from your fears of smudging and stains, and try out a broader spectrum of lip colour – here’s how.
... You apply, you need to remove dry skin and moisturise. Gently exfoliate your lips
with a toothbrush, using circular motions to remove flaky bits. Apply a nourishing lip
balm and allow it to absorb before reaching for your lipstick. 
… You want your lipstick to really pop, dab a concealer on the edges of your lips. This will
neutralise their natural colour, giving you a blank canvas for your bright shade of choice!
… The right colour for your skin tone. If you have cool-coloured skin, then you’ll
look great in lipstick with blue undertones. Try out pops of pink (we love Flamingo
Fuchsia, deep reds and plum tones. If you have warm-coloured skin you’ll suit
corals, tangerine hues and fiery reds- why not try Orange Pop or Sunset Red?
"A bold lipstick is one of the easiest ways to add
instant drama and style to any look."
Oriflame Global Beauty Artistic Director
... Apply lipstick with a brush. Start at the Cupid’s bow and trace a straight line to
the outer corner of your lips. Fill with a generous amount of lipstick, blotting in
between layers with a tissue. 
... Embarrassing marks on your teeth and position your freshly painted lips
around your index finger. Pull your finger out slowly to remove excess lip colour.
... With powder. Dust a light layer over your lipstick to set it. Now your super-
bright shade is guaranteed to last the night!
Makeupartisten och skönhetsbloggerskan Linda Hallberg vann titeln årets skönhetsblogg på Veckorevyn Blog Awards. Linda ger dig tipsen som framhäver ditt vackraste jag – se till att fira in det nya året med en festlig makeup.
Linda har jobbat som makeupartist sedan 2006 och det var hennes förkärlek till färg och pyssel som fick henne att utbilda sig till makeupartist. Numera är hon ett etablerat namn i skönhetsbranschen.
"Jag har alltid gillat att måla och pyssla så makeupartist kändes som rätt jobb för mig, då kunde jag både måla och träffa människor. Det bästa med det här jobbet är helt klart variationen," säger Linda. Det här är inte första och säkerligen inte sista gången som hennes blogg tilldelas priset Årets skönhetsblogg. Hennes framgångsformel? "Jag försöker ge bloggen en personlig touch trots en ytlig nisch," förklarar Linda.
Hur ser den ultimata nyårslooken ut?
– Markera läpparna med ett mörkt läppstift eller sota ögonen med en glittrig ögonskugga – det är alltid lika snyggt!
Vilken makeup passar till den gnistrande partyblåsan?
– Knallröda läppar, helst matta.
Ditt bästa knep för att ge nyårsmakeupen det lilla extra?
– Lösögonfransar och glitter!
Hur får jag makeupen att hålla hela kvällen?
– Använd en primer, både under foundation och ögonskugga. Ha alltid med dig puder och läppstift i väskan så att du kan bättra på makeupen under kvällen!
Vilket nagellack kommer du att fira in det nya året med?
– Min favoritfärg - svart.
Vad är ditt skönhetslöfte inför det nya året?
– Jag måste hålla bättre ordning på mina produkter!
Hur blir jag dagen efter-snygg?
– Mitt bästa tips är att gå och träna och göra ett litet minispa hemma. Jag känner mig alltid som snyggast efter träningen.
Dela med dig av ditt bästa skönhetstips?
– Lite klyschigt, men lär dig att trivas med dig själv och inse att du är vacker och unik. Glöm inte att le, ett leende utstrålar självkänsla vilket gör att du både mår bättre och känner dig snyggare.
Oriflame’s Global Beauty Artistic Director Jonas Wramell reveals the ultimate tips for achieving perfect party lips and lashes this festive season.
"Your cosmetic choices express who you are, so the key to achieving a captivating party look is to select colours that you feel comfortable and beautiful wearing," says Jonas.
An eyelash curler is a beauty tool must-have for achieving dazzling feminine lashes. Jonas explains that the trick is to curl your lashes in several places – starting at the roots gently clamp the curler down, release, and continue until you reach the tips. This technique has the double benefit of creating a soft and natural doll-like curl that lasts the night.
Amplify the look with several coats of volumising mascara. "The secret to achieving a brilliant eye-opening effect is to apply it in three different directions," Jonas advises.
Starting with the inner lashes, gently apply in the direction of your nose.
When you reach the middle lashes pull the wand in an upward motion for added lift and length.
Finish with the outer lashes by applying in the direction of your temples.
This technique will give the illusion of bigger eyes and longer, fuller lashes.
The genius of lipstick is that it's easy to apply and can dramatically transform a look. 
To achieve the perfect party pout, trace the natural line of your lips with a lip liner in the same shade as your lipstick, then blend this line with a lip brush for soft yet strong colour.
If you are not accustomed to wearing bold shades of lipstick, Jonas suggests that you practice by dabbing it on with your finger for a sheerer result. For those seeking a more powerful look, he recommends using a lip brush to apply your lipstick starting at the inner corner of the lips and meeting up at the centre.
From low-key gatherings to formal celebrations, dramatic lashes and bold statement lips are the key to head-turning glamour this festive season.
Change your perfume for the season and welcome the musky, more woody and sensual scents of winter.
Winter's not just about braving the cold with all things cosy! It’s also a great time to change your perfume for the season. Say goodbye to the floral notes of summer, and welcome the musky, more woody and sensual scents of winter.
Depending on your mood, you'll undoubtedly be drawn to different fragrances: something exciting for when you're feeling bold, or a more subtle, classic scent for a tempered moment.
Try something with feminine white floral notes, counter balanced by a hot gourmand dry-down.
Looking to convey a sense of mystique? "Try a scent with enchanting Oriental Vanillic for sweet, warming flavours that linger on the skin – it's an aroma that's hard to pinpoint, so ideal for a lady of mystery," says Oriflame's Fragrance Product Developer, Sebastien Schwilden, who always advocates fragrances that suit your temperament as a defining personal signature.
For the extroverted woman, a scent that screams enthusiasm is a must! "Try something with feminine white floral notes, counter balanced by a hot gourmand dry-down," says Sebastien. A fiery scent bursting with ginger, rose, and patchouli is also a good choice for a true femme fatale.
For the more low-key lady who is always elegant, Sebastien recommends indulging in a luxurious scent that evokes refined French sophistication. Explore floral and woody notes that offer subtle hints of jasmine petals and alluring musk.
So there you have it; fragrances that are perfect not only for the cooler winter climes, but also to match your mood. Make the change to a new season with the right scent to match!
How do I find the right foundation shade? How do I get longer, fuller lashes? Our beauty expert Jonas Wramell has the answers to all your most pressing beauty questions.
1. My skin looks so dull and tired, how do I give it that glow?
– In the winter when skin is dry and flaky, it’s extra important to exfoliate using a gentle face scrub to remove dead skin cells and kickstart your circulation. Then hydrate and even out skin tone with a BB cream or a hydrating foundation. As a final touch, dab a highlighter on the highest point of your cheekbones and under your browline to give your skin a healthy glow and accentuate your most beautiful features.
2. How do I find the right shade of foundation?
– Skin tone changes constantly, and we usually have several different shades on our face. So my best advice is to invest in two different shades of foundation. A lighter one that matches your skin tone in the winter, and a darker one, which corresponds to your skin tone in the summer. Then you can mix the two shades to get the right tone year round. To check if you’ve found the right shade, blend the two shades on the back of your hand, draw a line on your cheekbone and look in the mirror. If you can’t really see the line, then you’ve found the right tone.
3. How do I hide the dark circles under my eyes?
– Start by applying an eye cream. Then cover the dark circles with a concealer; for best results use two different consistencies of concealer – one thin and one thick. Use the thicker concealer closer to the bridge of your nose and the thinner one under and out towards the outer corner of your eye. Use a concealer brush to blend and fade.
4. How do I bring my makeup look from day to night without looking too made up?
– Here are two easy tips: frame your eyes with black eyeliner and apply an extra layer of black mascara. Or highlight your lips with a bright red or pink lipstick. To give your look something extra, you can dab some highlighter along the tops of your cheekbones for a luxurious feel.
5. How do I give my makeup that fresh spring feeling?
– Emerge from winter with a fresh pink cream blush on your cheeks – it will leave the impression that you’ve just been out for a walk in the beautiful spring weather. Combine this with bright nail polish as a pretty contrast to the darker colours of autumn.
6. How do I get longer, fuller eyelashes?
– Always use a an eyelash curler before applying mascara, and make sure to change the curler’s rubber strip regularly so it doesn’t wear on your lashes. Apply mascara in three different directions – inwards toward your nose, upwards toward your eyebrows and then outwards toward the outer corner of your eye. This will give you long, full eyelashes that last all day and all night.
7. I don’t have that much time to get ready in the morning – how do I get that fresh look in a snap?
– Start with an eye cream to get your circulation going, clear puffiness and freshen up your complexion. Then dab a light concealer under your eyes – try to find one that has light-reflecting pigments to lighten any darkness. Get a fresh rosy look by applying a cream blush on the highest point of your cheeks, and dab a little blush on your lips as well. Then finish with mascara and you’re ready to take on a new day!
8. How can I use makeup to give my skin some colour?
– The biggest mistake women make is to apply bronzing powder with a big blush brush all over their faces. To give your skin a natural glow, it’s enough to use bronzer around the outer edges of your face and along your hair- and jawlines.
9. How often should I clean my makeup brushes?
– Clean tools give a more even and refined effect, so I would recommend cleaning brushes twice a week. It’s easy to do – just wash them with soap and water and leave them to dry in a glass.
– Primer prepares your skin for foundation and concealer and allows your makeup to last and look fresh longer. Primer also reduces the prominence of pores, erases fine lines and evens out your skin tone. It’s well worth the investment!
Look over your beauty favourites and work a little springtime magic.
With the winter behind us and the spring sun shining in our faces, it’s time to update our makeup bags. Switch your doomsday-coloured eye shadows for glowing skin and immaculate red-varnished nails. Does it feel a bit daunting (not to mention expensive...) to invest in all-new products? Psst! With a few tips from the pros, you can keep your favourites and make smart investments in products to keep you company this spring and into the following summer and autumn. Very practical!
Start by emptying your makeup bag and laying everything out in front of you. What do you use every day? And what products are just taking up space? For the ultimate seasonal makeup bag, start with these basic must-haves:
Softening all-purpose balm that takes care of dry skin, lips and cuticles;
Illuminating, lightweight foundation;
Concealer to brighten under the eyes and cover blemishes;
Inspect your mascara and lip products. Do they smell off, or is their texture a little claggy? If so, it’s out with the old and in with the new. Mascara keeps for about 3 to 6 months, after which it may cause allergic reactions. Every time you open the tube, oxygen gets in and dries out the product (so avoid pumping the wand up and down). Lip products stay fresh for about 6 months. After that, the colour changes and bacteria collect in the tube. Hint – going into the warmer months, a glossy pink mouth paired with max-volume lashes will be a sure hit!
You might have a perfume that’s divine in the winter months, with heavier and sweeter notes. Give it the summer off and bring in a lighter version redolent of summer flowers – and you will have begun collating your ‘fragrance wardrobe’. Perfumes keep for several years as long as you store them in a cool, dark place. 
Finally, it’s time to put your hands front and centre with a manicure. Sure, we love those dark shades, but now you need a bright red and a light pink in your palette for nails that work on any occasion. File nails in a rounded shape and treat your cuticles to a softening balm for chic, beautiful hands.
Words by: Emma Nybom Johansson
Whether you’re a makeup diva or a quick-fix queen, mascara is an almighty product. Here is your guide to getting the lashes of your dreams!
Modern mascara comes in hundreds of versions delivering countless effects, so it’s time to check out exactly which mascara wands do what. And girlfriend – to get the most out of any mascara, you must curl first! Also, take care never to get eye cream on your lashes, or it will be hard for the pigment to stay put (Editor’s pick: Eyelash Curler).
Long, fanned-out lashes, separated and winged out in all directions for a fuller-looking lash line. Think Jasmine in Aladdin!
One that grabs and curls every lash with alternating long and short bristles in a screw-like shape, wider at the bottom and narrower at the top. This gives longer, fuller impact and spreads your lashes up, out and in (Editor’s pick: GG Lash Panorama Mascara).
High-volume retro lashes. The mascara is built up in several coats and the effect is intense colour and thicker lashes, direct from the Swinging 60s.
Pick a wand with dense, medium-length conical bristles. It should grab every lash and hold a lot of product to give you that lush blackness and ’va-va-va-voom’ (Editor’s pick: The ONE Volume Blast Mascara).
Long, defined lashes that open the eye.
A wand with short bristles on one side for the first coat – to lift and curl – and long bristles on the other side for the final, lengthening coat. Sweep up and out towards your temples. Imagine a beautiful, fairylike creature with impossibly long lashes that still feel au naturel (Editor’s pick: OB Wonder Lash Mascara).
Place the wand right at the roots of your lashes. Apply with a zigzag motion from root to tip to really work the mascara into every lash.
For clump-free bottom lashes (yes, we can!), dot mascara onto a tiny eye shadow brush and use it to gently apply the product.
If you lose lashes a lot when you wash your face or have recently been through a period of high stress or illness, do consider a nourishing lash serum or mascara with extra nutrients to help your lashes grow longer and stronger. You should see results within about four weeks.
Get the dream look with expert advice for a head-to-toe glow.
Beautiful clothes, chilled strawberry daiquiris and freckles on your nose – summer’s on the way! To give our skin the best possible start to the season, we asked Oriflame skin expert Holly Grenfell for advice. She gave us five simple but oh-so-effective tips on prepping for sun and fun.
‘When it gets hot, the skin’s natural oil production increases and the blood rushes to the skin to cool the body. That’s when we perspire,’ explains Holly. ‘Perspiration is good for the skin, since it removes excess fluids from the body. But you do need to wash it away, because it can cause blocked pores, acne and inflammation and knock your pH out of balance,’ she says, adding, ‘Perspiration also increases the risk of sun damage. Use gentle cleansing products and pat your skin dry afterwards.’
2 CHOOSE THE RIGHT MOISTURISER
‘In addition to a water-resistant sun cream, a lighter moisturiser is a good idea, preferably one with hydrating hyaluronic acid,’ Holly advises. ‘You might also try day creams for normal to combination/oily skin, since they balance the skin when you perspire.’ Even though your skin may seem oilier when it’s hot, you shouldn’t skip your day or night cream. ‘A proper skincare routine is the key to keeping your skin balanced,’ says Holly.
Use a face peel and body scrub once or twice a week to prevent blocked pores and increase blood circulation. A cellulite cream massaged into your thighs and bottom and left to work over night can give an extra boost and make your skin smoother.
4 PROTECT EXPOSED BODY PARTS
Your feet and hands need extra TLC when it’s time for sandals and digging in the garden. Massage hands or feet with an exfoliating scrub followed by a nourishing cream. And don’t forget your lips! ‘Always carry a lip balm with SPF and use it often. And that applies to guys too,’ suggests Holly. And if you swim in a pool, it’s a good idea to use a richer cream. ‘The chlorine can break down the vitamin E in your skin and dry it out,’ she explains. ‘Make it a habit to end happy days in the pool with a shower and a nourishing cream.’
UV rays trigger pigmentation that makes your skin tone grey and dull. Make a smart investment in a face cream with SPF and always use sun cream on exposed skin. For a safe sun-kissed look, self-tanners are unbeatable! The modern varieties quickly give your skin a natural-looking golden glow. Apply a rich cream to your brows and hairline to avoid discolouration.
A step-by-step guide to easy everyday holiday makeup for women on the go.
Nobody wants to spend hours of their precious holiday in front of the mirror piling on the makeup. Nor do you want to lug around a suitcase filled with beauty products. Summer holiday makeup should be like a capsule wardrobe for your face: a few essential gems that make the most of your summer glow. So here’s a quick-and-easy guide to staying chic throughout the busiest of holidays, for a quick glamour fix wherever you are. Now, get ready to glow!
Summer – while a great time for stocking up on the sun’s natural vitamin D and wearing less makeup – is a season full of its own skin wars. Air conditioning, lack of moisture in the air and travel can all combine to trouble your complexion. Create a smooth and dewy base with a light day cream, and instead of heavy foundation sub in a BB cream with built-in UV protection. Use a large, soft brush to dust bronzer across your face, starting on your cheekbones, working up to your temples and forehead, and then down your nose, chin, neck and décolleté. At night, be sure to cleanse thoroughly and let skin recover with a restorative night cream.
When you’re on your summer holiday, the last thing you want to be doing is repainting your nails every evening. Yet seawater, chlorine and sand do their best to ruin your manicure. Prepare with a long-wear nail polish, sealing the tips with a top coat to prevent chipping. Reapply your topcoat every few days and it should last a whole lot longer.
It’s the one time of year where you can leave the stack of eye shadows, lipsticks and lip pencils at home! Summer holiday makeup is all about keeping it simple. Use your bronzing pearls to add a little colour to your lids – just like the models at the SS14 Tommy Hilfiger show – and choose a thickening mascara and a liquid liner that won’t slip or smudge in the heat – it’s all you need for a sizzling style statement a la Rodarte SS14. For lips, just one luscious lip gloss will add summery glamour to any outfit.
Carry a sports bottle of water with you everywhere you go – hydrating from the inside is the quickest skin-fix there is! Tidy eyebrows frame a face when you’re wearing less makeup, so factor in a brow gel to keep them in check.
Want to get your glow back before spring or zap your dark circles before a party? Here are our top tips for a flawless complexion in seconds!
Are you dreaming (like us) of a glowing spring complexion? The undone face is the makeup trend this spring, but our skin often needs a little help to get the dream look. The trick for hiding annoying spots and signs of fatigue is different shades of concealer. Put on your artist’s smock and learn how in our makeup guide!
To make reddish flaws disappear.
A green concealer neutralises reddish flaws. After a long winter, the nose area can often look a little inflamed, for instance. A matt, moisturising concealer in a soft pistachio is the answer! Top the green concealer with a concealer or foundation that matches your skin.
Start by cleaning and moisturising. Sweep foundation or BB cream over your entire face. Begin the transformation by dotting concealer from the bottom of the wing of your nose and up towards the tip. Use your pinky or a small brush, which is ideal for areas where you may need to make delicate corrections.
If you feel most comfortable working with your fingers – do wash your hands first so that you don’t irritate the thin, sensitive skin around your nose and cause inflammation.
2 PICK A YELLOW CONCEALER:
To hide dark circles and bluish flaws. Yellow is ideal for making signs of fatigue disappear.
Sleep is all-important to health and beauty. But when time is running short, makeup can be the next best thing. Make dark circles vanish by using a yellow concealer that brightens your skin with an illuminating pigment.
Apply a few light strokes just under your lashes. It’s better to apply several thin layers than one thick one, which may look cakey. Never pull at the skin under your eyes, which is incredibly sensitive. Dot on using your ring finger instead of your index finger, which can automatically cause too much pressure.
3 PICK AN ALL-ROUND CONCEALER IN YOUR SKIN TONE:
Use a concealer in your own skin tone to cover brownish flaws and spots. Select a shade that matches your skin. A concealer that is too light will have the opposite effect and accentuate the spot instead.
Dot a little cleansing cream on first to make sure the skin around the spot is squeaky clean. Apply thin layers of concealer until you can no longer see any colour differences. Finish with transparent powder over the T-zone and voilà: the perfect base for this spring’s natural makeup!
It’s Valentine’s Day, the perfect opportunity to treat your beloved with the greatest, most sensual gift: a new signature fragrance.
The right fragrance will make your man feel his best, placing him on top of the world. Finding one he’ll love – and you’ll love – is no easy task though. For the insider scoop on finding that
perfect fragrance, meet Oriflame’s scent expert, Sebastien Schwilden. ”The right fragrance tells the world who your man is. It can empower him, boost his self esteem and make him feel invigorated!” What’s the secret to choosing the right scent? “Start with the man you love - seductive, loving, sensual. Then consider his public persona. Is he sporty, a hedonistic reveller, a sophisticated gent, a charismatic romantic?”
Strong, active and a total gym fiend, your man is always on the move. “For a thrilling sensation, you can’t beat a burst of freshness, like Timut pepper – for a fiery, dynamic character - with mint and a little amber for intensity.”
Capture the scintillating vibe of a flamboyant lifestyle for a man who is always on-trend. “The next big thing is modern freshness: a hint of sea salt with watery fruits and green moss.”
He is sensual, enigmatic and you can’t help but be addicted to his kisses. "Choose a spicy aphrodisiac fragrance, with hot and carnal contrasts: tonka bean, saffron, cashmere wood and fizzy black pepper.” 
Refined, sophisticated and with impeccable manners, this man exudes noble charm. “Choose something timeless, something genteel, combining uplifting green notes with smoky black tea and classic cedar wood.”
Discover the best secrets to younger-looking skin at every age!
Our skin is constantly changing, and as time marches on not all of these changes are welcome! But by choosing the right skincare products, we can keep our skin looking great at every age, says Oriflame’s skincare expert, Holly Grenfell. “By limiting the effects of sun damage, pollution, weather exposure and using good skincare products, we can actually slow down the aging process.”
20s “In our 20’s the primary concern is about achieving balanced skin and sometimes dealing with the blemishes that can result from late nights, stressful studies or even a bit too much partying, smoking or sun.”
“Establish a good skincare routine NOW and it’ll pay off later! It’s not about expensive super serums - basic things like removing makeup at night and avoiding the sun will help. Look for light antioxidant day creams and a cleanser to suit your skin type.”
30s “By the age of 30, skin-firming collagen and elastin levels are just beginning to fall, causing fine lines.  It can be an intense period, juggling a career and family life, often resulting in puffy eyes, dark circles and dehydration.”
“Choose an effective but gentle cleanser and exfoliants like hydroxy acids to slough away dulling dead skin and restore youthful radiance. Look for creams with UV protection and collagen-boosters like plant stem cell concentrates.”
40s “By 40, our skin is responding to hormonal changes, gravity and past sun exposure. Pigmentation is a major concern and fine lines become wrinkles as collagen and elastin continue to break down.”
“It’s time to invest in a richer day cream to counter dryness which makes lines even more visible. Correct sun damage and boost cell turnover with retinol and a lift-and-repair night cream to aid skin’s natural regeneration while you sleep.”
50s “In our 50s skin loses fat and volume, and as much as 20% of our collagen will have gone for good. Skin can look ‘crepey’ and lines may deepen as hormonal changes result in dryer skin.”
“Use a rich moisturizer day and night to prevent water loss and counteract potential dry skin irritation. Invest in an eye cream specially formulated for corrective action and to super nourish delicate eye tissue.”
“Apply eye cream with your ring finger and pat gently in towards the nose to stimulate circulation and reduce puffiness – rubbing can cause wrinkles!”
“Skincare doesn’t stop at the face – your décolletage will show signs of ageing with wrinkles, discolouration and sun sensitivity. Slather on SPF and well chosen body cleansers and moisturizers with similar ingredients as you would use on your face.”
Update your fragrance wardrobe- and boost your mood – with a fresh new perfume! Meet Oriflame Global Marketing Director, Fragrance, Christine Dercourt-Simmonds, as she shares how to select the perfect summer fragrance.
This summer, we love fragrances inspired by local farmer’s markets. Try a feminine mix of pink roses, fruity melons or seductive notes, with hints of dark chocolate! Like many of us, you may find you tend to stick to one or two perfumes you feel comfortable with, while still hankering after something new. We asked Christine to provide her smartest tips on giving your scent style a boost… without losing your personal touch!
What are the most important factors women and men should think of when picking the best scent for the summer?
 – It’s the same approach for summer as for winter. The best way to start is to list the fragrances you’ve bought over the last three or four years. There’s a strong chance quite a lot of the scents on your list will come from one and the same olfactive family (Editor’s note: a classification that divides the fragrances into different types; for example, floral, fruity, woody, oriental and so on). 
– So stick to your favourite, but go for a fresher side of that olfactive family in the summer. When it’s hot outside, you want to feel refreshed!
What are the biggest perfume trends for women this summer?
 – Fruity scents are the new big thing! Red and yellow fruits such as pineapple, mango, peach and melon are very popular.
Eclat Weekend: A fruity scent with a peachy top note.
– Florals are another trend, especially transparent and light floral scents to develop volume and diffusion. This comes through the use of white florals and delicate rose petals, such as soliflores.
EDITOR’S TOP 3 FLORAL PICKS:
A new interpretation of roses with a more ‘petally’ effect.
A light floral heart with hints of red pepper.
A feminine mix with a six petal orchid heart.
And what are the trends for men?
 – Fresh and aromatic scents are the big trend for guys. Go for a mix of notes, such as citrus, fizzy lemon, fresh spices, crunchy greens, mouthwatering fruits and energetic aromatics. They all have a reassuring, masculine structure. Try a juicy melon in the top note to unlock a real burst of freshness!
– Inspired by the Middle East, oriental scents are becoming more and more popular in male fragrances. Experience timeless freshness in a masculine mix of coriander, fresh cedrat, and himalayan tea, combined with jasmine flowers and sensual tonka beans. Sleek, modern and oriental.
A night-in means one thing: It’s time to relax. With our at-home spa menu of beauty treatments you’ll be rested and rejuvenated in no time.
Have you ever tried a steam bath or a sauna before? Your pores open and your skin sweats to remove toxins from the body and stimulate blood flow – it’s bliss. To get a similar experience at home, fill a large bowl with very hot water and place your cleansed face over the bowl for ten minutes. Draping a towel over your head will intensify the experience. Bonus points if you follow with a gentle exfoliator. 
OK, so it’s not quite the same as having a facial, but an at-home face mask will rejuvenate your skin while you unwind – it’s the ultimate indulgence.
Try a gel mask if you want to moisturise your skin without adding oil – great for cooling sensitive skin. Or hydrate and treat ageing skin with a sheet mask followed by a layer of moisturiser to lock-in the hydrating liquids. If you have blemish-prone skin a clay mask will clear pores, as will a clearing mask that’s formulated to treat blackheads. Finally an exfoliating mask will remove dead skin cells and other impurities to leave skin restored. Relaxed yet?
For silky smooth skin from head to toe, treat yourself to a warm bath or shower ritual. Using an exfoliating glove, massage a body scrub in circular motions over your skin. A massage soap bar or brush is a great way to stimulate blood flow to areas prone to cellulite. Finish, by rubbing oil over your body – you’ll step out of the shower a new person!
We put our hair through a lot: heating tools, styling products, hair colouring – the list goes on. So a hair mask is a simple – and calming – way to restore it. Depending on your hair mask, apply with a wide-toothed comb to damp or dry hair, and then wrap with a towel. Hair masks that are infused with natural oils (like almond, shea or Argan) will hydrate, repair damage and protect, keeping hair looking lush.
Satisfy tired feet with an at-home treatment. Dip your feet into a basin filled with warm water and massage an exfoliant over rough skin to soften. Use a specialised file to remove dead skin from the bottom of your feet and follow with a foot mask to leave them ultra-smooth. For the ultimate indulgence, slip your feet into a pair of moisturising socks and - quite literally - put your feet up!
Picking the right cleanser can have a big impact on your skin. Cleansing not only removes makeup, dead skin cells, dirt and oil build-up, it also hydrates and invigorates your skin. Take our test and find out what cleanser you should be using now!
2. My main skin care concerns are…
a) Flaky skin with dry patches and/or redness
b) Blemishes and occasional breakouts with a very shiny complexion
c) I don’t have any, or at least very few, imperfections – but if anything, I have enlarged pores
3. When picking a cleanser, the most important thing is…
a) That it targets fine lines and wrinkles, as I tend to experience dry skin
b) That it leaves me with a squeaky-clean feeling and removes any grease
c) That it’s quick and easy to use 
4. Your desert island product is
5. The climate where I live is…
6. People mostly complement me on
a) My great foundation finds
c) My flawless complexion 
a) My skin feels tight or dry
b) My skin feels shiny and like it needs a clean
c) It varies, but it tends to feel fine 
Your skin will suit a mild cleansing milk that adds moisture and removes surface dirt without leaving skin tight. Follow up your cleansing routine with a toner to wipe away any leftover makeup and dirt – this has the added benefit of helping your moisturiser penetrate deeper into your skin. You should stay clear of foaming cleansers that will dry your skin further. For extra cleansing power, brush a cleansing device over your skin to gently exfoliate and remove any residue. It suits your skin type and can be used with your cleansing milk. 
For mature skin:Time Reversing SkinGenist Multi-Cleanser 
For sensitive skin: Optimals dry & sensitive
A foaming cleanser will help treat oily skin that’s prone to shine. Look for a cleanser that contains absorbent ingredients like salicylic acid that will help clear up blemishes and treat an uneven skin tone. If you have acne-prone skin avoid medicated face washes that can be drying and stick to gentle cleansers instead. When you’re prone to oiliness it can be tempting to over-wash your skin – don’t do it. This will only cause your skin to produce even more oil. You want to keep skin balanced, so follow-up cleansing with a gentle toner and moisturiser.
For mature skin:  NovAge cleanser & toner
For sensitive skin: PureSkin 
Congratulations - you have the type of skin we all wish for! You rarely experience problems, and the little oiliness or dryness you do experience is easily resolved. You can pick whatever cleanser you like: gels, milks, oils, mousses or foams – just sweep a toner over you skin afterwards and that impeccable complexion will remain flawless!
For mature skin: NovAge cleansing milk 
For combination skin: Optimals normal & combination skin
Today, plump, pillowy lips are a beauty mainstay. But if you’re not naturally blessed with a full pout (and most of us aren’t) – don’t fret. Oriflame Artistic Director Jonas Wramell offers his tricks for faking larger lips with makeup.
TIP #1 PICK THE RIGHT SHADES
“Colour and light play a large part in how big or small our lips appear. If your objective is to have fuller-looking lips, you should stay away from very dark colours and choose light ones instead. It’s basic colour theory: When light reflects off surfaces it tricks the eye into thinking an area is larger than it actually is. But very dark surfaces absorb light, which makes them appear to shrink. I’m not saying that you should throw out your red lipstick just yet, but look for a brighter red instead of deep red-brown and plum shades.” 
TIP #2 THE CONVERTED LIP LINER
“The easiest way to fake fuller-looking lips is a technique I call “the converted lip liner”. Use a nude eye pencil or a concealer to lightly rim or draw dots along your upper lip line, blending and smudging with a small brush. This trick enhances your natural lip line and gives the illusion of volume - you don’t even need to use a lip liner. Do it carefully though, you don’t want to look like you just drank a glass of milk!”  
TIP #3 PLAYING WITH LIGHT 
“Another trick is to play with light (you already learnt the basics in tip 1!).  If you dab some highlighter or concealer onto the middle of your bottom and top lip, light will bounce off this area. This will pull your lips forward to create a fuller-looking pout.” 
"When lights reflects off surfaces it tricks the eye into thinking an area is larger than it actually is"
“If sparkles, shimmer, and highlighters aren’t your thing, don’t worry, there’s another trick – ombré lips. For this, you’ll need two lip shades: one darker colour to outline your lips and a lighter one for the inner part of your lower and upper lips. Trace your natural lip line in a dark coloured lipstick or lip pencil – you can make this line slightly larger than your natural lip size. Then use your lighter shade in the centre of your lip blending the two colours together. Again, by playing with light you’re amping up the 3D effect.”
“Lip gloss! Simple yet effective: layering a clear gloss over your favourite light coloured lipstick will not only add shine, it will also create a reflective surface for an instant power-pout.”
A flawless base will bring your entire makeup look together. But even the most experienced foundation connoisseur can make the occasional beauty blunder. Wave goodbye to streaks and patchiness with our guide to fixing six common foundation mistakes!
1. YOU'RE APPLYING APPLYING FOUNDATION LIKE A MASK
Full coverage isn’t necessary for every occasion. The truth is, you don’t need to apply foundation to your entire face every day. Foundation should be used to even out your skin tone and mask any redness, so only apply it where necessary. We recommend avoiding your hairline, and opt for concealer when it comes to hiding blemishes. 
For a lightweight coverage, we’re loving: Giordani Gold CC Cream.
2. YOR'RE STOPPING AT THE JAWLINE
Ok, so we just said “don’t use foundation all over your face”, but when you do, pay attention to your neck - nobody likes a visible foundation streak along their jaw line. Blend foundation well and sweep any excess product down your jaw and neckline for a seamless transition between your face and the rest of your body.
Our full-coverage obsession: The ONE Everlasting Extreme Foundation.
3. YOU'RE USING THE WRONG POWDER
If you find that your foundation turns darker as the day wears on, you may be applying the wrong powder over it. If a powder has too much pigment in it, it may change colour as your skin gets oilier throughout the day. Try using a loose translucent powder instead. It works on every skin tone and tends not to cake.
4. YOU'RE USING THE WRONG LIGHTNING
Often people mistakenly apply their foundation in a badly lit bathroom or in very bright light; neither will do you any favours! Remember this simple truth: If your skin looks good in daylight, it will look good in any light. So always apply your foundation in natural light – outdoors or facing a window for best results.
5. YOU'RE NOT USING A PRIMER
A Primer will help your foundation stick to your skin and go on smoother. Plus, it keeps foundation from disappearing as the day goes on. 
Try The ONE IlluSkin Face Primer for best results.
6. YOU'RE USING THE WRONG TOOLS 
Your fingers can retain bacteria, dirt, and oils, which you don't want to spread all over your face - especially if you’re prone to breakouts! The right tools will help you apply foundation faster and easier.
A sponge will help you blend and distribute colour evenly, so that your finished look appears as natural as possible. Apply foundation to the back of your hand, then dip a damp sponge into the formula. Blend from the centre of your face outwards for best results!
We all love high heels, but after several days of wearing them, even the most resilient of feet can experience pain. Whether you’ve got aching calves, blisters or soreness, tackle high heel hangover with our guide.
If your feet are sore, fill a tub with some hot water and soak them for a while. It might sting a bit at first—especially if you have blisters—but the heat will help ease tired muscles. Add a few drops of bath oil for an extra boost and follow with a moisturising foot cream.
Any open wounds need immediate attention: Always disinfect before sealing with a plaster. And resist the temptation to pop blisters; that bubble is actually your body's way of producing a natural cover to keep the skin underneath clean.
Patience is probably the most frustrating part of the whole process. We know you have places to be and amazing shoes to wear. But you're only going to create more problems if you don’t wait for your wounds to heal. Try sleeping with a foot mask and moisturising socks – it will speed the healing process up! 
Your feet can develop rough areas on pressure points, which can crack and become painful. Use a pumice stone to buff any calluses away and (gently) exfoliate your feet, following with a specialised foot cream. We recommend paying special attention to the balls of your feet and the backs of your heels –these take much of the hit when you wear heels! Also take some time to sort out improperly cut or ingrown toenails, as these can be very painful.
5. GO BAREFOOT OR WEAR COMFORTABLE FLATS
It's best to keep sore, swollen, and blistered feet untouched. Spend some time barefoot and use a moisturising foot cream like Feet Up Cooling Foot Cream with kiwi and mint to refresh tired feet. Ready to venture out? Slip into your most comfortable flats - your feet will thank you. The key is to choose shoes that will support your feet and have as little contact with your skin as possible.
6. TREAT YOURSELF TO A FOOT MASSAGE
The arch of the foot contains several muscles that and work to stabilise the toes and support body weight. Treat yourself to a deep tissue massage to improve blood flow and relieve any pain.
Pick shoes that are better for your feet! When you wear shoes that are tight or constrict the natural shape of your foot, you’re guaranteed to feel pain. Consider wearing cushioned insoles or choose a shoe with a thicker heel for stability. A thicker heel will give you better balance and distribute weight on your foot better.
Finally! You’re back on your feet again. Now go forth, stand tall—and walk comfortably!
Making good-for-the-Earth decisions doesn’t have to equate to a radical lifestyle change. In fact, being chic and eco-aware has never been easier. Try these 10 tips for greening your beauty routine and you’ll be doing the planet – and yourself – proud.
When you’re not rinsing your body, hair or toothbrush, turn off the tap; it’s a simple and cost-efficient way to save on water.
In America alone, people consume 1,500 plastic water bottles a second! And less than 20% of those bottles are recycled. Plastic is hard to decompose and requires a lot of energy to produce. In fact, it takes three times the amount of water to create a plastic bottle than it does to fill one! So should you stop drinking water? No of course not. Instead, invest in a reusable water bottle and fill it with tap or filtered water.
The Marine Conservation Society suggests that there are 35 wipes found for every kilometre of British beach – and the number’s rising! If you’re removing makeup with wet wipes throw them in the bin, not down the toilet.
Navigating the world of natural, organic and sustainable beauty products can be confusing, which is why it helps to get to know your industry certification bodies. Buying a product approved by Ecocert guarantees that your product contains over 95% natural ingredients, that it uses recyclable packaging and that it’s been manufactured responsibly. A product that is Ecocert certified will carry the body’s logo on its packaging.  
Microbeads are small bits of plastic used in exfoliators. According to UNEP (the United Nations Environment Program) a typical exfoliating shower gel can contain as much plastic in microbead form as there is in its container! Look after the world’s water supply and use scrubs of natural origin instead.
6. BE FASHIONABLY CONSCIOUS
Some items of clothing don’t need to be washed after every single wear. Take denim: manufacturers recommend that you wash your jeans every five to six wears to keep their form. And if you wash your clothes at 30*C instead of 60*C, you’ll reduce your energy by half! Add to that ditching your tumble dryer and using a clothes line instead, and you’ll have saved around 2-3kg of carbon emission.
Your shampoo and conditioner, day cream jars, toothpaste boxes, toilet paper rolls…don’t forget, they’re all recyclable!
Cutting meat from your diet for just one day a week helps the planet. Did you know that it takes 2,500 gallons of water to produce 500g of beef? You don’t have to become a vegetarian, but you can do your bit for climate change and cutout the meat once a week!
A product that is Fairtrade certified has paid a “fair price” for the ingredients within it. This means fairer trading conditions for producers and opportunities for them to invest in their businesses and communities.”Look for the stamp.
Research suggests that 30% of clothes in the average wardrobe haven’t been worn in a year. When it’s time to part with your clothes don’t just throw them away (they’ll only end up in a landfill!). Instead, pass them on to a friend, a charity shop or a collection bank - remember that second hand doesn’t have to mean second best.
According to Google, last year was the first time that men’s interest in hair outperformed that of women. Clearly finding the right hairstyle is of top-priority to the modern day man, so why not help your partner out with our guide to finding the perfect haircut for him.
The quiff is something of an icon. Worn by men for decades, it’s characterised by hair that’s cut shorter at the sides than on top. Because it lengthens the face, it’s flattering on all ages and head shapes. However, if your man has extremely thin hair we suggest a cut that requires less volume. For styling mid-length hair into a quiff he’ll need products - try HairX Supreme Hold Styling Hairspray for hold that’s non-sticky.
The comb-over is a sharper version of the quiff. Hair is brushed into a deep side parting, to channel a classic style, that’s easy to maintain. Set to be this year’s most stylish haircut (Google confirmed that interest in the comb-over is up 50%), it’s a must for the trend-driven man. It’s also a stylish solution for the first signs of baldness.
Curly and Afro hair can be a challenge - if you’ve got natural curls, you already know that! When it comes to thick, wavy hair, laziness is his worst enemy – he’ll need a wide-tooth comb, a good conditioner and - if he blow drys – a heat protecting spray.
2015 was the year that the “man bun” went mainstream, and it appears to be going nowhere. A hairstyle that suits men with naturally thick hair and (ideally) a full beard, it can be worn long all over, or with closely shaved sides. Be warned: the length required for a man bun takes time to grow, so expect an awkward mid-length period – he might need a hat for a while!
Shaved heads tend to suit men with well-shaped crowns. A style that’s associated with confidence and masculinity, it’s an attractive remedy for thinning or balding hair. Just be weary if he has a very prominent forehead!
Long hair makes an impact. It can overwhelm delicate features so if he has a “baby face,” perhaps skip this look. When it comes to styling, gels and waxes are best reserved for formal occasions. But you can expect to have your shampoo and conditioner on loan for a while – his hair will need taking care of! As we women already know, casual doesn’t mean careless.
Sometimes simply travelling to the office can see us looking less than professional on arrival. You want to look, feel and do your best at work, so we’ve rounded up your desk drawer essentials to keep you slick until home time.
A spritz of dry shampoo will do away with greasy hair from a hot and humid commute. Or, if your hair is frizz-prone, tuck a serum into your desk drawer and massage over flyaways when you get into the office – it’s a simple fix for unruly hair.
You spend your day typing on your computer, shaking peoples hands, picking up the phone – and that’s only half of it! Keep hands fresh with an anti-bacterial gel and a nourishing hand cream; they’re office essentials.
Air conditioning and heating both cause damage to your skin, drying it out and leading to patchiness, breakouts and a dull complexion. Spritzing your face with a skin mist will hydrate and brighten skin, shrinking the appearance of pores. It’s the perfect antidote to a mid-morning slump.
"Channel desk to disco with your favorite lipstick and spitz of perfume"
Recycled office air doesn’t just dry out your facial skin, it’s hard work on your lips too. A good quality lip balm containing shea butter, honey or beeswax will prevent chapping and can be applied throughout the day.
Chewing gum post-lunch isn’t always an option – it can look unprofessional at a big meeting or presentation. Instead, keep a travel-size toothbrush and toothpaste in your drawer to freshen up before you head into the boardroom.
When washing your face isn’t an option, combat shine with blotting papers that absorb oil when the late-afternoon grease sets in – they’re easy to use and won’t destroy the rest of your makeup. If you find that coverage tends to wear off as the day goes on, keep a concealer at work that you can reapply to blemishes.
By coffee-o’clock you probably have tired looking eyes from staring at a screen all day. But instead of drinking caffeine, try rolling some under your eyes via an eye cream. Keep a tube in your work fridge for a refreshing pick-me-up.
No one wants to reapply a full face of makeup during a workday, but if you want to instantly look more put-together, try curling your eyelashes. Then simply, dab on some highlighter to the inner corner of your eyes and along your cheekbones for an effortless refresh.
Rather than lugging your makeup bag to work with you, channel desk to disco with your favourite lipstick and a spritz of perfume. Now exit the building, feeling your best!
5 Beauty Looks for Every Wedding Guest
Your wedding will be one of the most memorable days of your life. And you, dear bride, will undoubtedly be the centre of everyone’s attention. How do you make sure you look your best? It’s quite simple: Do YOU! Choose colour tones that you’re comfortable with – now is not the time to experiment with bold lipstick for the first time. If you’ve hired a makeup artist, create a mood board of images for them to reference, and when you do your trial, be sure to wear white – that way you’ll know if there’s enough pigment in your makeup to avoid looking washed-out. And steer clear of trend-makeup, like graphic eyes or strong contouring, you want a look that you’ll be proud of in years to come. 
Doing your own makeup? Try our tutorial.
As the mother of the bride you’re often the busiest person at the wedding, so your makeup has to be resilient. You’ll want to look and feel like yourself, only better; after all you’ve been dreaming of this day for years. Avoid glossy or high-shine lipsticks that have a tendency to emphasis fine lines, and switch to a long-lasting lip product with a satin-finish. Shimmering, metallic products are also a no-go as they can sit in crow’s feet and creases. Instead look for matte, neutral tones and add a youthful glow with a blusher in a shade that compliments your skin tone. 
On your best friends wedding day, she'll understandably be taking priority when it comes to getting ready. If you’re doing your own makeup, check with the bride to see what she had in mind – perhaps a specific colour scheme? Invest in a high-quality primer and foundation to create your base, then opt for neutral tones for an understated finish – and don’t forget your waterproof mascara! You’ll want to look your best, but remember it’s her special day. 
The first thing to check is the dress code – you want to be dressed appropriately! Depending on what you’re wearing, why not have some fun with your makeup? Perhaps create a neutral base with a BB cream and leave eyes bare and add a punchy lipstick shade – we love this season’s bold reds. Or go the other way around: high-pigment eye makeup and neutral lips. After all, how often do you get to dress-up with all your friends?
As the plus one, you’re likely not to know many people at the wedding. As a consequence you may want to play it safe when it comes to your look. Read the invite carefully and abide by the dress code – perhaps your partner can give some insight into what others will be wearing? This is the perfect occasion to trial dewy skin and natural makeup – something simple. You’ll have plenty of other occasions to try that neon-eye look!
Not removing your makeup properly can lead to breakouts, puffiness around your eyes and fine lines – in short: it’s bad for your skin. Here’s how to take off your beauty products the correct way, and get a healthier complexion while you’re at it!
REMOVING MAKEUP FROM YOUR FACE
Invest in a cleanser that doubles-up as a makeup remover (some are better than others). Then work the cleanser into your skin, massaging off your makeup with your hands or with a muslin cloth. If you’re wearing a lot of makeup you should double-cleanse. Once will remove the makeup and the second time will clean the skin. Don’t forget to work the product into your neck to get rid of any foundation that’s sitting there. You can even incorporate a cleansing device into your makeup removal routine that will catch makeup and dirt that’s sitting deep into your pores. A cleansing device also has the added benefit of giving you a clearer, more radiant complexion – what’s not to like? Conclude your cleansing routine with a toner to remove the last residue of makeup – you’ll be able to see if the cotton pad is still collecting makeup or not. 
TAKING-OFF LIPS STAINS AND LONG-WEAR LIP COLOUR 
Use your normal makeup remover to blot away oil – don’t tug or rub too hard, as this will damage your lips. Follow by applying a layer of Tender Care to your lips and let it sit for three minutes. Then dampen a cloth with warm water and wipe away your lip colour, rinsing your face afterwards and leaving your lips to dry. Apply another coat of Tender Care to keep lips hydrated.
GETTING RID OF WATERPROOF EYE MAKEUP
Invest in a good waterproof eye makeup remover, and apply it to a cotton ball, holding it against your eye for ten seconds. This will give the product time to dissolve your eye makeup. Wipe away and repeat. Make sure you don’t pull at your eyes as this can lead to redness, fine lines and eyelash loss. Repeat the step on the underside of your lashes too and use a cotton swab to reach your lash line and get at those last bits of mascara.
Beauty is full of old wives’ tales, but is there any truth in them? We take some of the biggest beauty myths and set the record straight.
1. IF YOU HAVE OILY SKIN YOU SHOULDN'T USE OILS
Not true. People with oily skin tend to choose harsh products that strip-away oil from the skin – bad idea. This only causes your skin to over-compensate by producing more oil, which can lead to breakouts. What’s important is that you choose the right oil for oily skin.
2. AGE SPOTS ARE INEVITABLE - YOU'RE GETTING OLDER
A lot of factors cause “age spots” including genetics, hormonal fluctuations, sun exposure, and yes, age. The best thing you can do to prevent the formation of hyperpigmentation is to wear SPF daily and to treat it with specialised skin care products. 
3. EXPENSIVE PRODUCTS ARE BETTER THAN CHEAP ONES
The truth is this: if a product is well formulated with effective ingredients, it’s a good product - the price is irrelevant. Some products are expensive to produce, which pushes up the price - take Fairtrade products that pay a fair price to workers, these may be more expensive than non-Fairtrade products. Is the product better? Maybe not. Is it worth the money? We say yes.
4. TRIM YOUR HAIR AND IT WILL GROW FASTER
Erm…no. Your hair grows from the root, not from its ends. Damaged hair tends to split at the bottom and then work its way to the top, so cutting off the ends will make your hair look fuller and healthier, but it won’t grow any faster.
5. IF A PRODUCT BURNS YOUR SKIN IT'S WORKING
Ouch, no! If your skin is burning it’s trying to tell you that it’s being irritated; wash the product off immediately. 
6. YOU SHOULD CHOOSE SKIN CARE PRODUCTS BASED ON YOUR AGE
Wrong! You should choose skin care products based on the issues you want to address. Women of different ethnicities experience different signs of ageing at different times. Plus, your skin type will dictate what kind of products you should use – a 20year old with oily skin shouldn’t use the same skin care as a 20year old with very dry skin. Pick products based on your skin issues, not your age.
7. DRINKING WATER WILL CURE DRY SKIN
It’s true that water is good for your skin health (and you generally), but it’s not true that drinking lots of water will hydrate it (unless you’re VERY dehydrated). Add moisture to dry skin with a day and night cream, lotion or oil.
8. YOU SHOULD TEST YOUR FOUNDATION ON YOUR WRIST 
Unless you’re very pale, the skin on your wrist is likely to be a lot lighter than your face. Test your foundation on your jaw line if you want to match the shade exactly.
9. YOU CAN SHRINK YOUR PORES
You can’t open and close pores, or shrink them – sorry! What you can do is clear out any congestion within them, which makes them appear bigger. Cleanse with a cleansing device and they’ll look more refined.
All beauty products expire. Whether it’s a moisturiser or mascara, the preservatives in your products only work for so long after you’ve opened them. And the truth is, you expect your products to last – especially if they were expensive. Here’s how to store them properly so they do.
Heat and light can change the chemicals in your products effecting how they work; this can even create an environment for bacteria to grow! Some ingredients and products are more affected by high temperatures than others, like these: 
Extra sensitive products and ingredients:
Products containing vitamin C (look for the ingredient ascorbic acid)
Anti-ageing creams (look for the ingredient retinol)
Acne fighting products (look for the ingredient benzoyl peroxide)
Self-tanners and whitening products (look for the ingredient DHA)
All preservative-free products (anything organic)
Moderately sensitive products:
Lipsticks (direct sunlight can cause them to melt)
Brushes (can absorb moisture and bacteria)
Powder products (UV rays can damage pigment and fade colours)
Consider keeping these products on the lowest shelf away from direct sunlight, steam or heating.
Oxidation is the chemical change that happens when a formula comes into contact with air. If your makeup or skin care products oxidise, they can change colour, dry out or get clumpy – in short, they won’t do their job. 
Mascaras and liquid eyeliners
Always close bottles immediately after using them and be careful when you’re in the shower as steam can be particularly damaging. 
Always wash your hands before application to avoid bacteria getting into your products.
Store sensitive products in the dark (like in a black linen bag or in dark bottles).
For some products, cold temperatures can help slow the separation process of key ingredients and make them last longer. Refrigeration can limit bacterial growth, but won’t stop it completely. 
Products to temporarily refrigerate:
Fine fragrances (if you want to preserve them for more than a year) 
Nail polish (but apply at room temperature) 
All preservative-free/organic products
Products that you could temporarily refrigerate:
Moisturisers, eye creams, serums, and toners (particularly nice when the weather’s warm!) 
Recognise that refrigeration does not mean preservation for all products (if it does not contain preservatives, it’s unlikely to have a very long shelf life).
Know that skin care products are designed to withstand normal changes in temperature, but not long-term hot or cold storage— so keeping your products in your fridge for an extended time can actually reduce their lifespan and stability.
Realise that jar packaging is more likely to carry bacteria. Why? Because you apply it with your fingers. Store these products in a cool place to kill off germs. 
Keep in mind that if you keep anything that's not food in your fridge, always make sure it's well-sealed, not only for safety, but for hygiene too.
Hot weather and humidity can play havoc with your skin, hair and makeup. But don’t worry, you can beat the heat with our guide to keeping cool when the temperatures rise.
On a basic level, the best way to avoid breakouts caused by sweat, pollution and makeup is to cleanse properly. A cleansing device will help you reach deep into your pores, whilst a toner will sweep away any hard-to-get-at dirt. If you’re prone to summer breakouts, try a mineral-rich clay mask that will sooth inflammation, tighten pores and draw impurities from the skin. And tackle shine throughout the day with blotting papers – they’re easy to slip into your purse and absorb oil in an instant.
Going from air conditioning to hot and humid weather means one thing to the frizz-prone: instant bad hair day. Try a leave-in treatment designed to smooth over unruliness, or rake a serum through your hair to tame it. It’s worth carrying a dry shampoo around with you to soak up any excess moisture too. 
Cream, wax and oil-based makeup is likely to melt in hot temperatures leaving you with a less-than-perfect look. In the summer, we recommend trading heavy cream and mineral makeup for long-wear, liquid formulas - think BB and CC cream rather than foundation. As humidity can destabilise creamy blushes and eye shadows, dust lightweight powders onto your skin – applying a primer first will help them “stick”. And finally, avoid panda eyes with a perspiration-proof mascara – our Editor’s favourite is The One 5-in-1 Wonderlash Waterproof Mascara.
Warm weather can mean that your face arms, chest and legs are more exposed to the sun than normal. And as we know, the sun’s UVA and UVB rays are not only potentially cancerous, they age your skin too. In the winter, the SPF in your day cream probably suffices, but in the summer layer a sunscreen over it. You can now buy specialised anti-ageing UV protectors that are designed with your face in mind. And when it comes to your body use a fast-absorbing, non-sticky formula. 
Some people sweat more than others, but we can probably all agree that sweat patches are embarrassing. Patting talcum powder onto sweat-prone areas will absorb perspiration and when it comes to your feet, nothing beats an anti-perspirant foot cream. Find a deodorant that works for your body in the summer – after all, it probably behaves a bit differently when it’s warm. And prevent uncomfortable odours by wearing linen and cotton. That’s the heat, beat.
Does your makeup live up to your expectations of it? Take our test and discover the brand and the makeup texture that will make your life that little bit more beautiful!
1. YOUR BEAUTY TOOLS AND BRUSH COLLECTION IS:
a) streamlined: you’ve got a small collection of brushes of the highest quality 
b) limited: you like to use your fingers and a few multipurpose brushes 
c) extensive: makeup artists would envy it! 
d) complete: you’ve got everything you need to get the look you like 
e) starting-out: you bought your first one last summer 
2. YOU REAPPLY YOUR MAKEUP: 
a) several times a day – you like to look immaculate 
b) rarely, the beauty of the natural-look is that it’s low maintenance 
c) at any given opportunity, you might change looks over lunch if you fancy it! 
d) never – you expect to apply your makeup in the morning and that’s it! 
e) after school, you only wear lip gloss and fun nail polish 
3. HOW LONG DO YOU USUALLY SPEND APPLYING YOUR MAKEUP IN THE MORNING? 
a) 10 minutes – you’ve got it down to an art form 
b) don’t know – 2, maybe 5 minutes? 
c) you could spend hours doing it but you’ve got to get to work!
d) under 10 minutes, but once it’s there, it’s there for the day 
e) 15 minutes, you’re only just getting the hang of things 
4. AS FAR AS MAKEUP GOES YOU CONSIDER YOURSELF... 
a) a seasoned professional 
b) an amateur even though you’ve been wearing it for years 
c) if there were the makeup Olympics, you’d be a gold medalist 
d) an accomplished multi-tasker - you do your makeup while checking emails, watching the news, having a coffee… 
e) a beginner, but you and your friends love it! 
5. YOU LOOK FOR MAKEUP INSPIRATION FROM: 
c) bloggers, vloggers, magazines, celebrities – everywhere! 
d) inspiration? Who has time for that? 
e) Youtube – you love to follow vloggers
6. YOUR FAVOURITE MAKEUP TREND IS: 
a) you’re not into trends, you’re more classic than that 
b) lightweight mascara and a dusting of bronzer – wait, is that a trend? 
c) where to begin? Glitter eyes, shaped eyebrows, strobed skin… 
d) contoured cheekbones that take me from office to dinner-date 
e) bright coloured lip glosses and fun nail art 
7. YOU COULDN’T POSSIBLE LIVE WITHOUT: 
c) your whole makeup bag, you couldn’t possibly choose a single product 
e) your new eye palette – creating different looks is so much fun! 
You believe that luxury is something that should be injected into everything you do. You appreciate great food, well-designed clothing and expertly crafted products in classic shades. Giordani Gold is a collection designed for the discerning woman, with bronzing pearls that are made by hand in Italy and foundation that’s infused with exclusive White Truffle Extract. When it comes to texture, think indulgence. 
Colour intensity is non-comprisable. You expect your makeup to offer even coverage in colours that last. Not one to shy away from eye-catching textures, you’ve got a versatile collection of matte, ultra-glossy, creamy and powdered products – if it’s on trend, it’s in your makeup bag; it could only be High-Impact by The ONE.
You’re a woman on the move, which is why “Longwear” by The ONE is your perfect range. With products designed to stand the test of time (the bestselling foundation offers 25hours wear!) and transfer resistant formulas, it’s the only collection that can meet your high standards. 
You’re taking your first steps into the world of makeup – now is the time to experiment with colour and texture. Whilst you’re getting to know your own unique makeup style avoid splashing out on expensive products and take the time to mix-and-match. Very Me offers fun and playful makeup that’s suitable for young women – you’ll love the textures: glitter, glossy, silky or powdered!
Applying perfume seems easy enough, but the art of wearing, choosing and storing fragrance is harder than you’d think. Here’s how to cancel-out the 10 most common perfume mistakes now.
1. You expect it to smell the same all day
When you first spray a fragrance, you only smell the top notes, and fragrances normally have three levels — the top, heart and base notes. If you want to check how a perfume changes, keep the blotter and smell it throughout the day.
When you’re trying out a new perfume wait 30 seconds to smell it, so that its alcohol content (if it has any) has time to evaporate. 
3.You’re stuck in your ways
Just because you haven't liked a certain note in one fragrance doesn't mean you'll hate it in all perfumes. A perfume can have anywhere from 10 to 200 ingredients — the balance is very delicate in each fragrance, so don't discount certain notes based on preconceived ideas! 
4. You smell too many scents without taking a break
Never test more than three different perfumes in succession. Try sniffing coffee beans in between spritzes, as these absorb and neutralise smells. Another trick is to clean the palette by drinking water between sniffs!
5. You don’t try anything new
Try to keep an open mind! Choose a fragrance that expresses your individual style and personal taste, rather than resorting to what you’ve been wearing for years. 
6. You’re storing your fragrance in the wrong way
Extreme sun light, heat or cold upsets the delicate balance of the oils within your fragrance, changing its scent. Always keep your fragrances in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight and heaters. 
7. You don’t know where to spray
The saying goes: spray perfume where you want to be kissed. Sound funny? Well there’s some truth in it. Perfume is activated by body heat, so spraying at your pulse points (behind your ears, on your neck, inner wrists, chest, and behind the knees) will help your scent last longer.
8. You’re rubbing your wrists together
Rubbing your wrists together actually causes your perfume’s top notes to fade quicker than they would otherwise – air dry instead!
9. You think that your friends perfume will smell the same on you
Body chemistry is the final ingredient in any fragrance— the way a perfume smells on someone else, is different from how it will smell on you. The only way to properly test a scent is to try it on your own body. 
10. You expect your perfume to stay on all day
Fragrances aren’t typically designed to last a whole day. As a general rule, body mists will last about an hour and cologne keeps its scent for an average of three hours. Eau de toilettes should last about four hours and an eau de parfum can stay on the skin for around six. The strongest (and most expensive) type of scent is a parfum – they can last around 16-hours.
Oily skin can be difficult to manage, particularly in the summer. If you find that your skin is greasy only a few hours after cleansing or that a shiny complexion is getting you down, we’re here to help! Here are some tips on how to address your skin’s needs.
First things first: do you have oily skin? Oily skin is often the result of hormonal changes in your body, which is why it can be hard to control. Androgens, the hormone that triggers the production of oil, can sometimes go into over-drive resulting in a greasy complexion and blocked pores. If your skin is oily by midday, finds it hard to grip onto makeup, or has visibly enlarged pores, blackheads and pimples along your T-zone, it’s probably oily.
THE RIGHT CLEANSER FOR YOUR SKIN TYPE
If you have oily skin, you probably love the feeling of squeaky clean, freshly cleansed skin, but that tight and dry sensation isn’t doing you any favours. When oily skin is dried it actually triggers the production of more oil, aggravating the problem further. Pick a gentle gel cleanser or face wash that’s non-drying and leaves no residue.
A toner helps balance your skin’s natural pH levels, minimises the appearance of pores and reduces inflammation – all common concerns for those with oily skin. It’s also a great way of removing the last bits of makeup and grime that stick on your skin and can lead to breakouts – don’t skip it!
A clay mask is a must for those with oily skin. They soak up traces of dirt, drawing out impurities from your pores – they also help control oil production.
DON’T SCRIMP ON THE MOISTURISER
Don’t be tempted to dry skin out. In actual fact, oily skin needs lots of moisture to keep it healthy – what it doesn’t need is pore-clogging ingredients. Look for an oil-free, lightweight liquid or gel moisturiser to hydrate and treat, and for best results, layer it over a serum. 
KEEP SOME BLOTTING PAPERS IN YOUR BAG
In the afternoon your skin naturally produces more oil – a nightmare if you have oily skin. Dabbing an oil-absorbing paper over your T-Zone is a convenient way to pick up any oil and leave you with a more matte complexion.
Not one to skip, exfoliation will whip away the dead skin cells that build-up on the surface of the skin and can cause breakouts. But, rather than using a cloth or a cleansing device, you’re best off using an acid-based exfoliate that won’t stimulate more oil production. Try a beta-hydroxy acid like salicylic acid that will exfoliate the surface of your skin and work deep into your pores.
If you suffer from shine, the prospect of applying heavy sunscreen to your face probably fills you with dread – don’t fret! There are lots of lightweight, non-greasy formulas available. Or, pick a day cream that has SPF built-in for less-hassle, but equal protection.
Dry lips can be an uncomfortable result of extreme weather. If your pout needs a pick-me-up read on, here’s how to banish chapped lips once and for all!
Did you know that more moisture is lost through your lips than any other part of your body? Losing too much moisture can cause the skin covering your lips to tighten and crack – that’s why staying hydrated with eight glasses of water a day is essential!
Yes, we know it can be tempting to pick and nibble at your lips, especially when they’re dry. But irritation can cause bleeding that takes time to heal and can lead to infection. Don’t do it.
Look for a lip balm that contains beeswax (like Tender Care) as this will seal in moisture, protect cracks against infection and act as a shield against the weather.
Fun fact – Oriflame sell seven Tender Care products every minute.
"More moisture is lost through your lips than any
other part of your body..."
If it’s very cold or windy outside, cover your mouth with a scarf. This will protect your lips from windburn and chapping.
Once a week, use a gentle lip scrub to whip away flaky skin. Or, remove dead skin cells by massaging your lips with an old toothbrush. Follow with a soothing lip balm.
Like the rest of you, your lips need to be protected from the harmful effects of the sun. Always apply sunscreen – rain or shine – or look for a lip balm that contains SPF.
When you deposit saliva onto your lips, it “washes” off your skin’s natural oils and leaves lips drier than before.
Your diet has an impact on your lip health. Vitamin A rich food (like eggs, milk and carrots) will help repair and restore, while Vitamin E, which can be found in leafy vegetables, helps to smooth skin and prevent fine lines. 
Avoid drying out your lips by breathing through your nose rather than your mouth.
Sick of spritzing perfume and applying scented moisturiser, only to find that your fragrance has faded by noon? Smell fresh until home time with our guide to making perfume last!
1. Don’t store your perfumes in the bathroom or on your windowsill as exposure to humidity, heat and light can cause your perfume to smell musty overtime. Keep them in a cool and dry place instead.
2. If you want to smell sweet all day, spritz your hair with perfume – it clings to scent for longer.
3. Well-hydrated skin will hold onto aromas better than dry skin so moisturise before applying. 
4. Dab an eau du parfum rather than an eau de toilette onto your skin; perfume has a high oil content making it more durable. 
5. Citrus notes tend to fade the fastest, whilst woody base notes have more stay. 
6. Apply your fragrance after a hot shower, damp skin and open pores will lock-in scent.  
7. Make sure your shower gel is in the same fragrance family as your perfume. Treat it like your foundation; a sweet-smelling base for the rest of your products.
8. Look for a clean, soapy smelling deodorant that will keep you smelling fresh throughout the day – and night.   
9. Rubbing your wrists together will only cause your fragrance to fade faster. Instead, apply your scent and allow it to dry naturally on your skin.
Dying your hair can be expensive. But what if we told you that some simple changes to your beauty routine could protect and prolong your colour? Here are nine tips for keeping your dye-job intact.
1. Don’t over rinse your hair in the shower. Because dyed hair is more porous, it absorbs and releases water easier, causing the colour to fade. Minimise shower time with a leave-in conditioner.
2. Wash your hair with luke warm water rather than hot water; the hotter the water, the quicker the dye will fade.
3. Treat your hair with specialised shampoo and conditioning products that work to prevent dye being washed out. A weekly hair mask will boost moisture and conserve your hair colour.
4. If your current shade is very different from your natural colour, patch up the roots every three to four weeks. If it’s a similar colour, you can hold-off for four to six weeks.
5. D.I.Y dyers should always dye their roots first. Protect sensitive areas by applying colour to the mid-section and tips 10 minutes before rinsing.
6. Trim your ends every few months. The healthier your hair is, the longer it will hold onto colour.
7. Hydrate hair with a serum, paying special attention to your roots. A serum enriched with Argan or Burdock oil will nourish hair without leaving it greasy. 
8. Avoid hot tools that will dry out your hair and pick away proteins leaving you with a rough texture. If you’re addicted to hair dryers and straighteners then make sure you use a heat protecting spray every time. 
9. Stay out of the sun. UV light damages your hair as much as your skin, drying it out and causing your colour to fade: put on a hat if you’re spending the day outdoors.
You’ve chosen your outfit, perfected your makeup routine and fixed your hair, which leaves one final thing to plan – your perfume. But which scent should you wear for your big night? Take the quiz to find out.
1. Your party makeup is…  
a) All natural. Great skin and some mascara and you’re good to go.
b) On-trend. You’ve got this season’s graphic eye nailed.
c) Classic. An iconic red lip is forever elegant.
d) Eye-catching. Neon lips and anything that glitters.
2. Your ideal evening shoe: 
a) Lace-up brogues in tan-leather – comfortably chic.
b) Thigh-high lace-up boots straight off the catwalk.
c) A sophisticated stiletto heel.
d) The latest trainers in hot pink!
3. Party music should be:  
a) Atmospheric. You want to be able to talk over it.
b) Played loudly! You prefer DJ’s to bands.
c) Live. A string quartet or brass band will set the mood.
d) Anything goes as long as you can dance to it.
a) Well-manicured: cut short, buffed and coffee-coloured.
b) An art form, you’ve created swirls and patterns on each one.
c) Immaculate. You get a manicure once week, but never stray from red.
d) Chipped – you’ve been too busy having fun to touch them up!
a) Is light and refreshing, you’ve been wearing it for years.
b) Is new – you heard Beyoncé wears it.
c) Exclusive. It includes a unique note that you can’t find anywhere else.
d) Fits into your handbag so you can reapply when on the move.
Nothing beats the smell of freshly washed towels. Your ideal evening is spent with close family and friends, catching up over dinner in an intimate setting. You’ll be asleep before midnight so you can head to your yoga class in the morning. Your scent is uncomplicated yet feminine, it’s My Naked Truth.  
You love – and we mean LOVE – fashion. Your party season calendar is jam-packed with events, and you’ll probably be attending several different ones every night. You’ve got a perfume for every occasion, but for a big night out it’s got to be VIP.  
Your wardrobe is comprised of iconic pieces: tailored jackets, designer handbags and sleek heels – not too high, not too low. A party isn’t a party without champagne; so for invitation season and on, look no further than Giordani Gold Essenza. 
You are joie de vivre personified. You have an eye shadow for every colour of the rainbow and have more friends than you can count. The truth is, people are just drawn to your energy. You’ll be found on the dance floor until the lights come up. You smell sweet and fruity like Happydisiac.
Just when you think you’ve got your hair all figured out, the weather changes and it becomes a mystery again! Heat, humidity, rain and wind can - but shouldn't have to - ruin your hair. Here's how to keep your mane intact, whatever the weather!
Hair challenge: Dry, brittle and dull hair
Solution: Just like our skin, our hair suffers when the temperatures plummet. To combat dryness that leads to flyaways and brittle ends, try a moisture-rich hair mask that will nourish the cuticle of your hair. To increase your hair’s moisture levels, try adding an oil – like Argan oil – to your hair care routine, as this will lock-in moisture when it’s cold out. And, to combat dryness caused by central heating, invest in a humidifier that will restore moisture to the air, and your skin and hair too.
Hair challenge:  Frizzy and lifeless hair
Solution: Humid weather spells a nightmare for those of us prone to frizz. Don’t over-dry your hair with shampoos, hot water and straighteners; instead add more moisture to your styling routine. Dry oils will absorb into the hair rather than sitting on top of it, combatting flatness. Try raking a hair serum or a smoothing product through your hair to seal in shine and tame frizziness. But when the humidity hikes up, steer clear of stiff, sticky products like gels, mousses and hair spray, as these will only weigh your hair down.
Climate condition: Hot and Sunny days
Hair challenge: Dry hair and fading colour 
Solution: Straightening and blow-drying your hair damages the hair cuticle, causing breakage and dulling colour – it also makes hair more prone to UV damage, so put the hot tools away when it heats up outdoors. You’ll also want to restore your hair’s natural oils, so add moisture with a nourishing mask and use hydrating oils. A heat protecting product is an effective antidote to the sun’s harmful rays. And if you’re heading to the pool be sure to rinse away chlorine straight after swimming, then protect with a sunhat if you’re planning to sit outside.
Climate condition: Strong Winds 
Hair challenge: Unruly hair
Solution: You know the feeling: you leave the house, and before you know it your hair’s stuck in your lip gloss and you look dishevelled! On blustery days, why not windproof your hair with a sleek updo?  Tease your hair to add volume and then sweep it back securing with a hair spray and grips for added security. For curly haired girls, use a keratin-formulated mousse to control frizziness before pulling it back.
If you’re after razor sharp cheek bones, but haven’t been gifted the features naturally, don’t fret! There are a few simple techniques you can borrow from the world of contouring to subtly define and enhance your features in seconds – we show you how.
A matte bronzer or foundation 
Appropriate brushes (good blending is essential!)
An eyebrow kit and a volumising mascara 
Choose a matte bronzer or foundation that is two shades darker than your natural skin colour. Pucker your lips, and use a makeup brush to draw a diagonal line from the hollow of your cheek to your ear. Once you’ve blended the colour, follow by sweeping a highlighter across the apples of your cheeks.
Watch our contouring video for more tips!
Use a fluffy brush to sweep a bronzer along your jawline; this will add definition. Then take a darker shade and apply it underneath your chin, blending the bronzer down your neck to create depth. 
Create the illusion of a slimmer nose by sweeping a darker powder or foundation down either side of the bridge of your nose. Then take a highlighter and swoosh it down the centre of your nose. Blend the shades together with a makeup brush and you’ve got a slimmer nose in seconds!
View our step-by-step tutorial to contouring your nose.
The strobing technique uses highlighter products to draw attention to the centre of your face, slimming it down. To do it, you’ll need to dab a highlighter along the bridge of your nose, across your eyebrow bones, at the centre of your chin and above your Cupid’s bow.
Full brows will balance a rounder face shape. If you have skinny eyebrows, fill them in with a brow powder and create a pronounced arch to lift your face and to draw attention to your eyes.
Dark lipstick can make your lips look thinner and plump your face, so focus on your eye makeup instead. Eyeliner and volumising mascara (like this one by The One) is a great way to make your eyes pop!
Some products are easy to buy online - perfume isn’t traditionally one of them. Here’s how to discover your next signature scent, without smelling it first.
REFERENCE YOUR EXISTING PERFUME
Look to the perfume you’re already wearing for inspiration. What notes feature or what fragrance group is it from? You may discover that you have a penchant for floral fragrances, in which case you should probably stick to that group. If you’re not sure what notes your existing fragrance portfolio includes, sites like Fragrantica.com can help.
OK, so you won’t always have the same opinion as the rest of the online community, but reading reviews can help you get a feeling for a fragrance. If a lot of people say a perfume is “too strong” and you like lighter aromas, then it’s probably not the perfume for you. Blogs can be a good source for impartial reviews too.
Understand what you prefer: eau de cologne, eau de toilette or eau de parfum. An eau de cologne doesn’t last for long but is great for a refreshing pick-me-up, whereas an eau de toilette is the most common type of fragrance, normally lasting for several hours. If you like stronger, longer lasting scents you should opt for an eau de parfum or parfum. Know which you prefer before clicking: “Buy”.
PERFECT YOUR PERFUME VOCABULARY
Get to know the descriptive words that are commonly used in relation to scent. If a smell is depicted as “intense”, “seductive” and “enveloping,” then it’s likely to be a woody or Oriental fragrance, suited for the evenings or making an impact. But, if it “bursts” or “sparkles” then it’s probably a feminine, floral or fruit-based scent. 
A fragrance’s packaging channels the theme and smell of the scent within it. A gold box and bottle suggests eveningwear and an opulent smell. Pale blue and green packages imply nature and freshness (think summer and daywear), whilst pink bottles are likely to be feminine and made up of floral notes.
Perfumers (or Noses) tend to have their own signature style, so have a look at their portfolio of fragrances – let’s call it their CV – and see if you’re familiar with any of their other creations. If you enjoyed one, you’re likely to enjoy another.
DON’T GET HUNG UP ON PRICING
Just because a fragrance is expensive, doesn’t mean it’s the best. Look for other quality signals, instead of price tag alone.
When it comes to eye shadow, picking the right shade for your eye colour is just as crucial as coordinating it with your clothing. Here’s the lowdown on your most complimentary colours.
Brown eyed girls can get away with wearing most shades – lucky you. But if you really want to accentuate your eyes look for shadows in salmon, bronze or gold; these shimmering products will highlight any gold flecks or undertones in your eyes. If your eye colour veers towards hazel, then try warm metallic hues or aubergine tones that highlight hints of green. If you want to get that “pop” effect, then use vibrant blues, greens and pinks for contrast. Or, if you have very dark, almost black eyes, then add intensity with dark eyeliner and smoky eye makeup. Dark eyes are able to carry off the sultry evening shades we all love. 
The ONE Colour Unlimited Eye Shadow Stick – Sahara Bronze and Amazon Night 
Giordani Gold Eye Shadow Quad – Divine Brown
Avoid heavy, dark makeup if you have blue eyes. Overly smoky eye makeup will only compete with your eye colour, which is why you should stick to light and neutral tones. If you have very light blue eyes, try coral and champagne coloured eye shadows. Or, a bronze or rose coloured metallic cream will balance the cool tones. All sound too plain? Well then a rusted orange or purple will offer an exciting contrast. 
The ONE Colour Impact Eye Shadow – Beige Pearl and Rose Gold 
Your eyes are naturally bright, so you don't have to wear dark eyeliner or vivid eye shadows to attract attention. Instead, charcoal or brown liners won’t overpower but will frame your eyes beautifully. Earthy tones, like warm browns and taupe will compliment your eye colour, or for more of a contrast, opt for purple – lavender, violet and lilac, any shade goes! To bring out the flecks in your eyes try a shimmering bronze, gold or silver.
Celebrate your summer look and get ready for those after-beach parties with a summery smoky eye.
Summer is all about relaxing fun and warm days in the sun. This season we love easy makeup and hairstyles that require minimal effort by day and night. Learn how to get a more dramatic sun kissed look in just a couple of minutes with a simply stunning soft and greyish smoky eye!
Start by preparing with a primer for a long-lasting effect. Dab the primer over the eyelids and below your eyes. Correct uneven tones and dark circles with a concealer: use a fine brush or dab with your finger just below the eye area. Then apply a grey eye shadow from lashes to crease. Dab the shadow with a brush or your fingertip over the lower lash line, then gently smudge at crease and lower lashes. Add some highlighter in the inner corner of the eye. Use a black or dark grey eye pencil at the top and bottom lash lines and finish off with black mascara.
Go for a dewy and bronzed skin with lots of luster. After cleansing, prepare your skin with a moisturiser then add an illuminating foundation that gives you a healthy glow. If you want less coverage, a BB cream will do the trick. Brush strokes of golden blush over your cheek bones to maximize the summery and clean style.
Keep that beachy feel and swipe your hair in a bandana or silk scarf – there's no need for washing after you’ve hit the waves.
Learn how to anti-age your hands in our smart step-by-step guide. Holly Grenfell, member of Oriflame’s Expert Skin Care Panel, reveals her secrets to keep your hands smooth and soft!
“Our hands are real workhorses and subject to frequent washing, exposure to sunlight, constant touching and even extreme temperature changes,” explains Holly Grenfell. It’s no wonder they’re among the first bits of our bodies to show those tell-tale signs of wear and tear.  
Follow Holly’s easy steps for youthful, beautiful and healthy hands.
Switch to a milder soap – one that’s specially formulated for delicate hands.  Skin on the hands gets drier over time, use a soap that’s not overly harsh to avoid stripping the skin of natural oils, or what dermatologists call our ‘protective mantle’.
Moisturiser with a higher SPF
Practice daily protection using a moisturiser with a higher SPF. Even when we’re not actually out sunbathing, we are still exposed to daily UV rays, for example when we’re driving, or sitting by a window in our office.  As much as 95% of wrinkles derive from sun exposure...
High intensity ingredients
Look for high intensity ingredients – botanical oils such as sweet almond oil nourish hands and restore good condition to the skin, while beeswax seals and shields skin.
Apply moisturiser directly after washing or showering. Moisturiser is more effective on skin that’s slightly damp – the cream ‘locks in’ the water to boost the moisture charge.
Besides using hand cream daily, consider a deep treatment of an ultra-rich body cream. Apply at night and sleep with gloves on to increase heat and penetration – this is especially helpful during the cold winter months or after working outdoors.
Go for the glow. Smooth rough skin with weekly exfoliation. Gently buff the skin on hands and palms. Not only does this help improve the tone and texture of the skin, but it boosts cell turnover which slows down with age.
Look for multi-taskers that repair your hands’ skin as well as treating cuticles and nails. These are great for popping in the handbag so you can make the most of the double benefits of healthy cuticles and lovely soft hands.
- The skin: The skin on the back of our hands gets thinner over time, losing collagen and plumpness.
- Age acceleration: The skin on the hands ages faster than that on our faces.
- The past catches up: Our actions in our younger days – that time we got sunburned on the beach, for example – will show up later in the form of dark spots and blotches.
- Cell production slows down as we age: Skin cells are flakier and hand skin is drier, rougher and even greyish in colour.
Keep that summer glow and prolong your bronzed beauty by taking a little expert advice.
How can you keep your skin looking as fresh as it did when you unpacked your summer holiday bags? Meet Holly Grenfell, a member of Oriflame’s Expert Skin Care Panel, as she reveals her secrets to keep a healthy summer skin tone.
Rule Number One is to moisturise, moisturise, moisturise. Sun seriously dries out the top layers of the skin so try to keep it deeply hydrated by applying a rich body butter or cream, especially after a shower.
Face the facts. If you have a tan, you do have some cell damage. To counteract this, apply lotions and creams loaded with antioxidants to repair and restore cell integrity. Check labels and seek out active ingredients such as vitamins C and E, nourishing honey, or concentrates of ‘super’ fruits and berries.
Your colour can fade gradually and leave darker or uneven patches, especially on knees and elbows. You can very lightly buff with an exfoliating cream, but keep it gentle if you want to maintain the colour. Exfoliation sloughs away dead skin cells and polishes but also removes the very top layer and hastens new, un-tanned skin to the surface.
Change the line up in the shower from a sudsy soapy gel to a crème bath or shower oil. Lubricating oils help boost skin’s own natural lipid levels and ‘coat’ the skin, giving a lovely sheen.
Fake it. As it fades, top up your tan with a self tanning gel or cream. These products have come a long way since those glowing orange tones; today, advanced formulas give a super-natural look. You can adjust your level of tan by choosing different grades or strengths or even just blend with your body lotion to enhance the tan. This really is ‘smart’ tanning!
Most importantly, we all want to enjoy the benefits of the sun, but the days of frying until we blister are long gone. Enjoy light doses of sun but remember to protect your skin from harmful rays with broad spectrum UVA and UVB sun protection… because the most beautiful skin is healthy skin!
As different products and textures are available in the market it is important to identify which ones are right for your skin concerns, how to chose and apply them. Here are 4 rules to learn and live by!
Ditch the bar soap and use a facial cleanser suited for your skin type. Cleansing gels, milks, and foam all work differently depending on your needs. If your skin is dry, choose a cleansing milk whereas for oily skin, a cleansing gel is more suitable. Gently massage your face with circular motions and be careful not to scrub – over washing and scrubbing can cause your skin to become irritated. Do not forget to finalise the cleansing process by using a toner which removes the final traces of dirt and makeup and helps balance the skin.
PUT YOUR PRODUCTS ON IN THE RIGHT ORDER
Using a full 4 step routine has both short and long term benefits. It maximises the effect of the products you use, giving you better results while it promotes healthier, younger looking skin.
Whatever goes on first penetrates best. The first things you put on your skin should have the lightest texture. Then, work your way up to the heaviest, hard-to-penetrate textures, which should be applied last. Begin by cleansing and toning, then apply your eye cream, followed by the serum and lastly use your day or night cream for best results!
Patting on products is better than rubbing in on your skincare products. It's gentler, because it doesn't tug and pull at your skin, which will eventually contribute to more fine lines over time.
For eye cream you want to make sure you're patting from the inner to the outer corner of your eyes. Apply the eye cream in the outer perimeter of the eye, avoiding close contact with the eyes. For your face; apply from the jawline upward, or from the nasolabial lines outward.
From BB to CC: what are the differences and which beauty accronym is the best one for you?
Much appreciated imports from Asia, where perfect skin is seen as an absolute premium quality, the “alphabet creams” have joined their relatives, foundation and tinted moisturiser, in the beauty counter; resulting in a jungle of potentially skin perfecting base products. However, what are the differences between BB and CC creams? And when to use which? Oriflame’s guide helps to choose the best option for you.
BB stands for Beauty Balm or Blemish Balm. This is a creamy and hydrating, multitasking product, which generally is lighter than a foundation, yet slightly heavier than a tinted moisturiser. A BB cream provides light coverage, sun protection as well as moisturising qualities – all in one tube. Depending on what brand you use, there may be other actives included as well, like antioxidants.
Especially for combination to oily skin, BB cream is a very handy solution in the morning, saving you time and effort. The risk however is that, given that this is a tinted product, you may apply less than you would do with your regular SPF or moisturiser, resulting in potentially dehydrated skin or insufficient sun protection. So keep that in mind!
CC stands for Colour correction or Colour Care. While the difference between BB and CC creams is quite subtle, the main purpose of the latter is to even out and perfect the complexion, for a completely flawless skin tone. In order to give both instant coverage and long-term protection; CC creams often contain more active ingredients than BB creams: for instance antioxidants and vitamin C and E. The actual colour correction is generated with light diffusing particles, and pigments of for instance green or purple, all of which helps to visually even out the skin tone and blur imperfections. Usually, a CC cream is more lightweight, and more easily absorbed, than a BB cream. Given the colour correcting formula though, the CC cream provides more coverage.
You can look young, fresh and fit not just in your twenties. Age is a relative concept, while the main thing is the right care! Oriflame’s editor Kirill Kutalov gives you his 4 simple daily grooming rules for men after 30.
There is no doubt: the noble gray hair and wrinkles around the eyes can add charm to masculinity and look great in the dim light of a fancy restaurant. But they can also do a disservice to you at the interview, and in the eyes of younger colleagues make you vulnerable to say the least.
If you are, like me, approaching 40, it's time you start the fight with time and give your daily treatments at least a half hour. Your main rivals are the long evenings at your desk, the neglect of sunscreen and lack of sleep. To effectively counter the risk factors and to preserve your appearance, you need to follow the plan of four simple points.
The most important thing in the care routine is proper skin cleansing. Cleanser should be moderately soft not to dry the skin. Use it just once a day, morning or evening. Personally I prefer the morning - a feeling of freshness helps me to wake up.
Once or twice a week use the scrub that gently removes the top layer of the epidermis, along with dead skin cells and impurities. This should be done carefully and cautiously, so not to damage the skin.
The skin around the eyes is very thin and sensitive. Micro damages and wrinkles in this area will be first signs of ageing. Cream for the skin around the eye contains ingredients that not only moisturize, but also help to get rid of dark circles and bags under the eyes. I strongly recommend it for all men over 30 years. Unfortunately though, this tool will not be able to instantly hide the effects of a wild night.
There are dozens, if not hundreds, of reasons why men grow a beard. If you decided to take this step, you probably already know that a beard should be cared for, and the routine is no less troublesome than the daily shave. Beard should be washed - you can use a special shampoo for this, but you can also take your regular one - dry with a towel, comb and trim. The shorter your beard, the more often you will need to pick up the trimmer or, if you are a real ace, scissors. If you prefer clean-shaven cheeks, then let us remind you the basic rules of shaving, which cannot be broken, if you don’t want your skin to get old prematurely. 1 Always use a cream, gel or mousse for shaving. 2 After applying the cream wait a couple of minutes before starting to shave. 3 Never shave against the hair growth. It's not more efficient, just painful and more harmful. 4 Use aftershaves - they soften the skin and sooth the irritation.
Grooming is an all-season concept, but in late autumn and winter it is necessary to pay special attention. The cold air outside, air-conditioned office and your apartment warmed by a central heating dry the skin, making it aging rapidly and generally looking bad. We mean, it makes you to look bad. To avoid this, use right tools: a moisturizer for the face (usually it contains an UV protection) and hand cream (soothes and moisturizes). In addition, lip balm - a must have if you live an active life and do outdoor sports. And if you're planning a skiing vacation, add a good sunscreen!
We all love holidays, but sitting on a plane for hours and arriving with dehydrated skin, breakouts and feeling bloated is not an ideal start of the vacation. By prepping your skin before as well as during the trip you will feel just as fresh and fabulous as always – we let you know how.
Apply a deep moisturizing mask the night before to get that extra boost. Prep your skin the same day by applying a rich moisturizing cream and bring it with you on the plane in case you feel the need to reapply. The chances of your makeup looking the same after spending hours on a plane are small - keep your look clean and don’t let layers of makeup combined with dry plane air cause even more damage to your skin. If you don’t want to arrive feeling completely bare, bring some products onboard and apply just before landing.
Salty peanuts and alcohol may be tempting while onboard, but it will definitely not benefit your skin. Drink water to stay hydrated and choose more healthy snack options such as fruits and veggies, don’t be reluctant to bring your own snack – the onboard selection doesn’t usually go hand in hand with nutrition.
Don’t forget to keep moving and stretch your body, it will stimulate your circulation which not only benefits your body but also minimizes the risk of getting puffy and tired eyes. Don’t forget your lip balm; you will most definitely need it at some point. Just like before taking off, use an extra rich moisturizing cream once you have arrived to help your skin get back to normal as quickly as possible. 
The Festive Season is approaching and, before you know it, you will be rushing from one seasonal event to another, like a maniac. With this hectic period ahead: how do we manage to look our best throughout every family party and cocktail reception? To help you survive the Holidays, we have gathered 10 of our favourite easy beauty fixes.
1. Especially in the winter, make a habit out of carrying a multitasking balm in your purse. Great for soothing anything from a red nose to flaky lips or dry cuticles.
2. If you have a reception or party straight after work:  plan your makeup in the morning, and carry your game changing makeup with you so that it is easy to upgrade for the evening. Go for big eyes; and enhance your look with contouring, strong brows and a bold lipstick. 
3. After applying lipstick, make your lips look fuller by swiftly smoothing a coat of lipgloss at the centre of your pout. Finish off with a touch of light concealer just above the cupids bow.
4. To open up your eyes that extra bit, and get truly flirty lashes: try heating the eyelash curler, with a hair dryer (and let cool off briefly), before use. You wouldn’t use a styling iron cold, would you?
5. A great quick-fix to look fresher and less puffy is to apply concealer in a triangular shape (pointing downwards) underneath your eye. Gives you an instant, non-invasive mini-lift.
6. Well-kept nails really makes an immense difference to your looks. To reduce the Holiday stress, why not opt for long lasting nail polish? These polishes last a lot longer than regular lacquers - and is very low maintenance. You’ll save plenty of time!
7. Texturising products and dry shampoo will be your best friends to create stylish and effortless hairdos. Avoid washing your hair too often, since that always makes it more difficult to coiffe.
8. Try mismatching finger and toe nails (as opposed to wearing the same colour on both.Think of your nails as a punchy accessory, and do not hesitate to colour-block fingernails with your dress.
9. Late nights, alcohol and caloric food is fun - to an extent. To feel and look fresher throughout the Holidays: make sure to drink plenty of water during the day; and catch up on sleep whenever you can.
10. A trick if you didn’t get a great nights sleep is using a highlighter or a shimmer eye shadow at the inner corner of your eye to open it up. Add white eyeliner in the water line for enhanced effect. Makes you immediately look fit and alert!
Just like foods and drinks, beauty care products perish over time; and using expired makeup and skincare could cause skin and eye irritation, breakouts and blemishes. Complicated as it may seem, beauty care shelf life is actually a lot about common sense: just as with edibles, any change in smell, colour or texture is a sign that the product has gone bad. To learn more, check out Oriflame’s guide to estimating the shelf life of some common beauty essentials.
As a general rule, a facial moisturiser should not be kept for more than 6 months. Some ingredients, like essential oils and botanical actives, may shorten the shelf life even more. Also, if your moisturiser contains SPF, the level of sun protection could decrease over time. Store your creams cool and dry; and with well closed lids. Preferably utilise a spatula, rather than your fingers, when extracting the product.
Liquid foundations are usually water based, meaning they provide great living conditions for bacteria. While an unopened bottle could last for up to two years; as soon as it has been opened, you should replace it after 6 to 12 months. Keep your product away from humid environments, like the bathroom, and heat, as this encourages development of germs. Any change in smell or colour, or if the product separates, indicates that the formula has perished.
Powders (such as facial powder, blush or contouring powder) usually do not contain any water, and, theoretically, this makes them last longer than cream or liquid products: up to 24 months after opening. Bear in mind though, that your makeup brush could still take on impurities and moisture from other products; and bring them back to the powder pot. Take your time to let one product dry before applying the next; and make sure to cleanse your brushes on a regular basis.
Any products that are applied around the eyes are repeatedly in contact with a mucous membrane, meaning that they could easily pick up bacteria and then transfer these back to the eye again. This applies also to eyeliner and eye shadow, but pay extra attention to your mascara, as the tube provides a proper germ hotbed. Replace your mascara every three months to be safe; or if it develops a distinct, gasoline like smell, indicating it has gone bad.
As they usually do not contain any water, lipsticks are among the more long lasting makeup products. However, given the repeated contact with the mouth area, lipsticks are quite prone to attracting bacteria and impurities, which then flourish over time, in the case. Generally; replace your lipstick after a year, or if you have been ill. Also pay attention to odour and texture; and tuck the product if it smells stale or if it gets hard and crumbles.
Get a makeup look that looks just as beautiful after midnight. Jonas Wramell, Oriflame's Global Beauty Artistic Director, shares his top 6 tips to get the job done!
1. To get a long-lasting makeup that looks fresh throughout the evening you should start the makeup process close to the event. Be very careful, prep your skin before you start with makeup. Scrub your skin and then apply a moisture boosting face mask.
2. Nourish your skin with a moisturizer, but be sure to customize it according to your skin type, as well as the foundation you will use later on. If you want to use a foundation with light reflecting pigments you should go for a light moisturizer. Stick to this simple rule - the lighter your foundation is, the lighter the face cream you should choose. 
3. Let the face cream sink in a few minutes before you start with the base, do not rush, it will just look sloppy! Next, apply a primer, focusing on areas that tend to get shiny during the evening; eyelids, nostrils, and t-zone. 
4. Now it's time for the foundation. Here, again, you should choose one that suits your skin type. If you have oily skin, choose a matte one and if you have dry skin, you should choose one that adds lustre. Make use of a foundation brush for perfect results, then cover blemishes and dark circles with a concealer. Choose a concealer that contains silicone and light-reflecting pigments to give skin a silky smooth finish, making sure to work out the concealer with a small brush. 
5. Fix the base and give it a beautiful velvet feel with a loose powder. Use a large eye shadow brush and apply only to areas that need it. Avoid the eye area where the powder can enhance the fine lines and make you look tired.
6. Invest in the season's trendiest makeup – shimmering metallic eye shadows that are extra suitable for New Year's Eve. Cream eye shadows last longer and give your eyes a beautiful shimmer, moreover, they are easier to touch up during the evening. Place the focus on either eyes or lips - a stylish sooty eye makeup or intensely red lips.
Paint your lips with a lip liner before applying the lipstick for long lasting and extra intense results.
Bend your lashes in three steps to give them a sustainable form, closest to the lash root, in the middle and at the end.
Three products that are good to have in the party bag: pressed powder, cream eye shadow and lipstick!
The New Year is approaching and it’s the perfect occasion to adopt new and better habits, not the least when it comes to health and beauty care. We have summoned 10 beauty resolutions for 2015, to help you improve the condition of your skin, looks and moods!
...to always wash off your makeup before going to bed, no matter what time of day or night it is. (This helps to avoid clogged pores and general eye and skin irritation.)
...to be very gentle when removing your eye makeup and not rub around hysterically with the cotton pad. (Less stress for the sensitive skin in the eye area; and your lashes will finally have the chance to grow properly!)
...to exfoliate your face once or twice a week, with a mild, fine peeling product. (Adieu, dead skin cells and clogged pores. Hello fresh-faced beauty!)
"Adieu, dead skin cells and clogged pores. Hello fresh-faced beauty!"
...to always wear SPF on your facial skin, and other exposed body parts. (The UV radiation of the sun could cause premature skin ageing, skin irritation and even illnesses like cancer!).
...to stick to your skincare regimen at all times, and thoroughly hydrate twice a day, using products adapted to your skin type.
...to carefully chose the right makeup base (such as foundation, tinted moisturiser or CC-cream), which complements your skin tone, and sets the perfect base for the look you want to achieve.
...to practise contouring, and the use of darker and lighter shades, since this is a clever way to enhance  your natural facial features.
...to try a new, bold lipstick. Perhaps red, orange or fuchsia? Cool and confident galore.
...to never dig around with your fingers in your makeup products. (This way you enhance your beauty hygiene and keep bacteria away!).
...not to smear off mascara at the tube opening, but rather on a piece of tissue. (Your mascara will stay fresh and last longer!)
One of the most searched beauty questions of 2014 was “How do I get rid of bags under my eyes?” Clearly it’s a problem. So, here’s how to decode your under eye issues and remedy the problem fast!
The skin under your eyes is thinner and much more delicate than other areas of your face. As we’re always blinking, moving our eyes and often squinting, our eyes are much more susceptible to getting wrinkles early on.  Poor circulation from lack of sleek, stress, caffeine, too much salt and alcohol can cause puffy eyes, but genetics and allergies are causes we have less control over!
As swelling is often caused by water retention, try minimising your salt intake and avoiding alcohol. Sleeping on your back with an extra pillow can help drain water and reduce puffiness.
As we get older our skin loses elasticity so it’s vital that we use an eye cream or serum to firm, lift and smooth over wrinkles. Avoid crow’s-feet by applying a SPF to your eye area and always wear sunglasses when outdoors to avoid squinting. Your eyes will thank you.
A quick fix for getting rid of puffy, dark eyes is to cool them right down. Soak a teaspoon in ice water and then hold the back of the spoon against your eyes with a little pressure. Or, try chilling black or green tea bags and holding them against your under-eye area – the combination of cold and caffeine will shrink the blood vessels. 
Tip – opt for an eye cream with a cool metal roller ball, and store it in the fridge! 
Make sure you always remove eye makeup before bed, to avoid rubbing your eyes and waking up with puffiness.
Brighten dark circles with a concealer that’s lighter than your complexion. If you’re bags are bluish in colour, neutralize them with a yellow-toned concealer. If your bags are brown or yellowish in colour, opt for a peachy tone.
When you apply eye cream use your ring finger for a gentle application. But, when applying concealer be sure to use a brush. A flat, but firm, brush will ensure you don’t cake concealer into fine wrinkles.
An artist is only as good as his tools – or so the saying goes. The same applies to makeup. If you want great-looking makeup, you’ll need effective, hard-working brushes. So we’ve narrowed it down to the five, you shouldn’t live without.
When it comes to foundation, ditch the sponge and use a brush.  The consistency of your foundation will dictate which brush you choose. If you love creamy, full-coverage then opt for a flat paintbrush. Or, if you prefer sheer foundations, a fluffy brush will blend makeup seamlessly into your skin.
A concealer brush is a must in your beauty arsenal. It will allow you to blend liquid concealer to your undereye area, making it perfect for covering dark circles (find more tips here !). Disguise blemishes by tapping on concealer with your brush – but make sure the colour matches your foundation for perfect coverage. 
Blush and powder brushes should be soft, round and flat. Load big brushes from both sides to guarantee an even distribution. 
For eyes it’s best to have two brushes in your makeup bag. You’ll want a medium-sized brush for spreading colour on your lid, and a small, angled brush for adding definition. Use the smaller brush to line your lashes and darken around the crease. You can even use your angled brush to fill-in your eyebrows!  
Beauty gurus should never be without a lip brush. They spread pigment evenly, define your lips and allow for accurate application. A lip brush also make your lipstick last longer – you’ll never turn back.
Primers. What are they and why do you need one? We’ve taken the most commonly asked primer questions and created your definitive guide to this makeup essential. Trust us, you’ll wonder how you lived without one for so long!
WHAT DOES A PRIMER DO AND WHY SHOULD I USE IT?
The goal of a makeup primer is to fill in any bumps, lumps, and uneven spots so that whatever you put on next starts on a smooth and even surface. If you have fine lines or obvious pores, a primer is a great way to mattify them. This means that your concealer, foundation, or even your eye shadow can benefit from having a primer as a makeup base. Sometimes, makeup can oxidize and start to look orange after hours of wear. Setting the skin with a primer can also help maintain your makeup's true shade throughout the day. Finally a primer helps makeup stay put for longer impressive, right? 
"Your concealer, foundation, or even your eye shadow can benefit from having a primer as a makeup base"
There is a primer for every skin type and lifestyle, but they’re particularly great if you live or plan on travelling to somewhere with extreme temperatures – like hot and humid or cold and dry climates. Why? Because a primer will keep makeup on for longer. If you’re attending an event where you may be photographed, a primer will create a matte base so you don’t have to worry about shiny-looking skin. 
Eyes ­– Many women find primers to be especially useful around the eyes, where makeup can easily settle into the fine lines. Using a primer on oily areas, such as your eyelids, will help eye makeup last for longer. 
Face – A thin layer of primer all over your face can help makeup stay put. It’s also great for people wanting to conceal enlarged pores.
Lips –­ Using a primer on your lips before using a lipstick makes it last. What’s more, it prevents it from feathering or settling into lines. If you don't have a lip primer on hand, one designed for your face works just as well.
A primer should be applied after you apply your moisturiser, and before applying your foundation. But careful not to apply too much! Over-application can cause foundation to clump or skin to appear chalk-like. Use a coin-sized amount and start blending at the middle of your face, working out to your jaw and hairline. Only apply a very thin layer to trouble spots. 
Finally, because primers have staying power, be diligent about washing your face well each night. Consider an electronic cleansing brush, which gently but effectively gets your face squeaky clean!
Giordani Gold Makeup Base 
Prolongs makeup, refines pore appearance and softens the
appearance of fine lines; this luxe primer keeps skin looking
Just because you apply makeup regularly, doesn't mean that you're necessarily doing it right. Follow our 10 makeup tricks for easier - and better - application.
To make bright coloured nail polishes pop, apply a coat of white nail polish over your base coat before application.  
The same goes for eye makeup. Gently coat your eyelid with white eyeliner pencil and then apply a bold eye shadow over it to intensify the pigment. Bright colours just got a little brighter!
Apply a coat of glossy lipstick and hold a lightweight tissue against your lips. Then dust a coat of translucent powder over the tissue. Allow it to absorb into the lipstick, wicking away excess moisture. This will set the lipstick and make it last all night!
Your eyelids are oily so if you use concealer as a base, makeup will only slip off or cake in fine lines. For long lasting eye makeup use a primer instead.
If you want sheer coverage, or if you’re using a BB or CC Cream, apply it with your fingers. For heavier consistency foundations and full coverage always use a brush.
If you want a smudgy, gel like eye pencil line, hold your pencil over a flame for 10 seconds. This will melt the kohl to give you a more fluid consistency.
"A beige eyeliner will make  the whites of you eyes appear larger"
Products for your complexion, like foundation and concealer, should match the inside of your arm rather than the back of your hand.
Instead of applying concealer to your under-eye area in a half-moon shape, apply it in a V shape, drawn from your outer to inner corner. Use a concealer brush and watch dark circles disappear!
Invest in a beige or off-white eyeliner and rim your lower waterline, giving extra attention to the inner corners. This will make the whites of your eyes appear larger, creating the optical illusions of brighter eyes.
If you are unsure about what lip colours will suit you. Test lipstick on the inside of your fingertip – it’s the most similar shade to your natural lip colour.
Navigating the world of powder can be confusing. Should you pick a loose or pressed powder? How should you best apply it? And does this differ according to your skin type? We’re here to help.
Powders have multiple benefits: they give your skin a smooth and even glow, minimize the appearance of pores and prevent makeup from looking oily.[SM1]  They also make foundation last longer and prevent makeup runoff in hot and humid weather.
Pressed powders give skin a matte finish, locking down foundation and lasting longer than loose powder, which can be trickier to apply. Compacts containing pressed powder fit easily into your makeup bag, making them ideal for on-the-go types. Simply apply with a powder brush or puff.
We love: GG Sheer Powder SPF 15
Loose powder is far sheerer than pressed. You'll need a large, soft powder brush for application. First, dust a light coat over your face, then brush off any excess powder – the result is a refined and natural finish. Loose powder lends itself to everyday use, but because it can be tricky to apply, it’s hard to travel with.
We love: The One Loose Powder
"Test the colour by dusting a little powder on your jawline, like you would with a foundation."
MATTE POWDER OR SHEER POWDER
Matte powders are perfect for creating a textured porcelain finish, whilst sheer powders will give you a glowing, youthful complexion. Be sure to consider your skin type when selecting your powder (more on that below).
Choose a powder shade that closely matches your skin tone. Test the colour by dusting a little powder on your jawline, like you would with a foundation. Take time to experiment as it’s important that your powder complements your colouring.
HOW TO APPLY FOR YOUR SKIN TYPE
If you have dra skin, apply powder after foundation. Pay special attention to the area around your eyes or skin that is particularly dry. Always brush off any excess powder. A sheer powder like The ONE Loose powder Translucent will suit your skin type best.
Those with oily skin, should apply face powder after blotting off oil from troublesome areas. Dust an extra bit of powder over your T-zone or oil-prone areas. A matte powder like The ONE Matte Velvet Powder will suit your skin type best.
Good grooming doesn’t have to be time consuming. In fact a few essential tweaks to your daily wash routine can have you looking your best in a matter of minutes.
Smelling fragrant starts in the shower. Select a shower gel that will compliment your cologne as well as keep you clean. It can be tempting to use a single soap product for your body, face and hair – don’t. Instead, identify you hair type and pick a shampoo and conditioner accordingly; for example, we love North for Men Anti-Dandruff Shampoo or combatting a flaky scalp. Then, do the same with your face wash. Whatever your worry, be it ageing, uneven skin tone or breakouts, there’s a cleanser to suit.
It’s recommended that you follow a four-step skin care routine daily. But if four steps seem excessive, then at least make sure you protect your face with a day cream that is high in SPF. Specialised moisturisers will target ageing concerns and reinvigorate a face that’s been weathered by days spent outdoors or environmental aggressors, like office air conditioning. We also suggest using an eye cream to reduce puffiness and dark circles; this Triple Action Eye Balm is easy to apply and will keep eyes in peak condition.
If you’re blessed with thick and wavy hair, heavier products like waxes are great for styling, but if your hair is thinner, use lighter products – hair sprays and powders are ideal.
When it comes to taming facial hair, prepare your skin with a shaving product before reaching for the razor. Avoid irritation by soaking your razor in warm water to open up your pores for easier hair removal.
"A specialised hand moisturiser will keep hands soft and tactile." 
Whatever the season, good foot care is important. After a shower (when your skin is at its softest) use a pumice stone to whip away dead skin, then trim toenails and pull back cuticles. And if foot odour gives you jib, use a specialised product to avoid any embarrassing whiffs when removing your shoes - the award-winning Feet Up brand will keep odour at bay.
The same goes for your hands. Nothing looks more unsightly on a man than overgrown, dirty fingernails. Be sure to cut back fingernails on a weekly basis and use a nailbrush or manicure set to keep nails in check. A specialised hand moisturiser will keep hands soft and tactile.
If frizz is your eternal archenemy, we’re here to help. Frizzy hair is caused by a lack of protein and fatty acids, which normally come as a result of dry or damaged hair. When your hair loses moisture, the cuticle (or the outermost layer of your hair strands) swells and lets in air causing the “electric” look you hate. Humid weather can also be a culprit.
Here’s how to fix frizz once and for all:
1. Only wash your hair two or three times a week – max! Why? Your scalp produces natural oils to hydrate your hair, which you remove with washing. It’s also important to avoidhot water, as this will only dry your hair further.
2. When washing, always apply a conditioner and use a hydrating mask at least once a month. If you have particularly unruly hair, you can even use one weekly. 
3. Don’t towel-dry wet hair, as the rubbing motion causes friction – and friction, is frizz’s best friend. Instead, use a microfibre or cotton fabric (like a t-shirt) to absorb the wetness and get rid of humidity. Skip the hair dryer altogether.
4. Brushing you hair is ok, but don’t overdo it. You may have heard that combing wet hair can cause damage, but it’s quite the opposite when you have frizz issues. Use a wide-tooth comb and rake through wet hair to lock in humidity.
5. If you have curly or wavy hair use a wide bristle hairbrush. If it’s straight, use a large barrel brush, with bristles made from natural fibres.
6. Get rid of split ends by booking a hair appointment every few months!
7. And finally invest in a specialised serum and hair oil – you’ll need them! We suggest the Eleo brand, which is enriched with Argan and Rose oil. Apply from the middle to the tips, as this is your hairs most porous area and where your hair is likely to break and build up static.
If 2014 was the year of contouring, 2015 is set to be the year of the “strobe”. If this is the first time you’ve heard of strobing, take note: it’s about to get huge.
SO WHAT IS STROBING ANYWAY?
Here’s the lowdown:  Whilst contouring focuses on sculpting shadows and angles with bronzer and foundation, strobing focuses on light. It’s an illuminating technique that highlights facial features by dabbing soft reflective products onto key points of the face. This creates the illusion of spot lit, radiant skin. It’s a game-changer.
The best part about strobing is that it’s easy to do. Skip bronzing completely and start with a well-moisturised, dewy base. Apply a pearly highlighter to the parts of your face that the sun would naturally hit: along your brow bones and cheekbones, down the bridge of your nose, a dab on your Cupid’s bow and onto the tip of your chin.  
WHAT HIGHLIGHTER SHOULD YOU USE?
Select a highlighter with a pearly consistency that glistens, rather than glitters – remember you want to look fresh and glowing, not like a disco ball! Creamy, metallic shades are ideal. If you have fair skin, select a highlighter with illuminous, pink undertones. Olive and medium-toned skin will suit gold-based products – think Jennifer Lopez and GiGi Hadid. And, if you’re dark-skinned, look to rich, rust colours. If you have oily skin and fear brightening face products, try a powder-based highlighter that won’t block pores.
When cool weather sets in, it’s easy to neglect your skin – after all it’s going to be covered for the foreseeable future. But the arrival of autumn requires you to give your skin extra T.L.C, repairing sun damage and prepping your skin for winter’s harsh conditions. Keep skin radiant with our five tips.
Summer can leave skin dull and rough so it’s important to exfoliate and hydrate after vacation season. A cleansing device (like the SkinPro Cleansing System) gently removes dirt and the build-up of dead skin cells. Think of it as a buffering system that makes skin better prepared to absorb the active ingredients found in serums and moisturisers. Hello luminous autumn skin!
We often over-look our hands when it comes to skin care, and yet our hands are as exposed to the elements as our faces are. As hands can become dry and cracked in the autumn, invest in a protective hand cream that nourishes and moisturises, like this one by SoftCaress. Start now for best results!
3. EXFOLIATE WITH AN OIL-BASED SCRUB
Sun and chlorine can leave skin dry and flaky, so kickstart the new season with a full-body exfoliation. An oil-based scrub will remove dead skin cells whilst hydrating. Make a habit of it and apply weekly – you’ll have smooth, glowing skin in no time!
"Regular exercise is also key to achieving healthy skin.”
4. SWITCH FROM LOTION TO CREAM
When air becomes drier, your skin needs a thicker moisturiser. As lotions are lightweight, they tend to suit warm weather, whilst richer creams are ideal for nourishing and protecting winter skin. A day cream will provide a strong oily barrier that will reduce water loss whilst providing hydration.
It's hardly news that exercise is great for your heart, lungs, and mental wellbeing. What you may not know is that regular exercise is also key to achieving healthy skin. Cardiovascular exercise (like running, cycling or dancing) boosts your circulation, nourishing skin cells and flushing toxins out of your body. So even if the temperatures are cooling, head outdoors and get active – think about it as cleansing from the inside, out!
Ever wondered if you’re using too much or too little of a product? What amount is just right? The truth is that most of us overestimate the amount of product we actually need - your product goes much further than you think.
Using more of a product doesn’t make that product more efficient (in fact it can do quite the opposite!) To help you measure-out your products effectively we’ve created our serving size guide. Portion control has never been easier! 
MOISTURISER = 2 BLACK BEANS
EYE CREAM = 1 PINE NUT  PER EYE
2 BLACKBERRIES = LONG HAIR 
It’s a new year and resolutions are in full swing; Time to invest in you! But where to start? Proper grooming can work wonders, but not if you don’t have the basics down first. So, we’ve got you covered; here are 5 common grooming mistakes and how to tackle them.
Everything from harsh weather conditions to shaving takes it’s toll on your skin, which is why it’s all the more important to protect and nurture it. Proper moisture prevents and treats dry skin as well as keeps oily/combination skin balanced. For multifunctional effect, choose a product that works both as an aftershave and moisturizer. Use it immediately after a shower and/or shave while your skin is still soft and damp for best complexion. 
A dry shaving attempt rarely ends up successful. Not using shaving gel when you groom your facial hairs will pave way for irritation, rashes, shaving bumps and ingrown hairs, not to mention the serious ouch factor if your hand would accidentally slip. Avoid painful skin and inflammations by using a moisturizing shaving gel and changing your razors regularly. For superior results, shave just after your shower as it helps to open up your pores and makes the skin smoother. 
Scruffy and scraggly or finely groomed? Uneven stubbles and messy beards are not a great look for anyone. Make sure to trim the edges of your beard or moustache into shape on a daily basis; go lightly over the edges of your facial hair with a trimmer and a guide comb. Cut everything back to a uniform length and make sure the outline is nice and crisp. While you’re at it, trim your ear and nose hair too to keep everything neat and clean. 
Finding products that adhere to your preferences and does the trick for your skin could feel like looking for a needle in a haystack. Instead, you might end up grabbing the first best thing on the shelf. Using the wrong products will only bring down your look, so invest time in really getting to know the different needs of your hair, skin and nails to find what works best for you. 
Proper grooming takes you a long way, but it might be a slippery slope knowing when it has gone a little bit too far. Using too much wax will give you a greasy look, excessive use of cologne will be overbearing and plucking away at your eyebrows will only lessen your features. Try to think everything in moderation; balance is key, as well as taking the time to figure out what works best for you.
Most of us experience unwelcome breakouts from time to time, and even if we may not be able to banish them completely once they’ve made their appearance, we can reduce their staying power and prevent them from popping up in the future. Here are some of our best products for adressing pimples, blackheads and oily skin!
Optimals Vitamin C Radiance Boost Cleanser 
We all pop some vitamin C when we have a cold, but did you know that vitamin C has many benefits for your skin too? This mask, infused with vitamin C, purifies the skin by cleansing and exfoliating it at the same time to give it a radiant look. 
Take some extra care of your skin by adding a face scrub with salicylic acid to your daily routine. Salicylic acid is the go-to for preventing blackheads, pimples and cleansing the pores because of its ability to help shed the outer layer of skin cells. Further, salicylic acid also exfoliates the inner linings of the pores, which helps to minimise the blockages that cause blemishes to form. 
NovAge Advanced Skin Renewing Treatment 
Before considering microdermabrasion, you should give this skin renewing treatment a go! This high-tech duo with Glycolic and Lactic acids reduces visibility of pores and acne scars and is clinically proven to refine skin texture.
Pure Skin Blackhead Clearing Mask 
One of the reasons that we get breakouts is because oil can get trapped in our pores and clog the skin. Unfortunately, this often happens when we are stressing for a party or a presentation. This clay mask is great for oily, breakout-prone skin because it helps draw out dirt and oil that could otherwise clog your pores, instantly purifies and gives you clear, matte skin. 
Optimals Hydra Matte Balancing Day Fluid 
Get the shine under control! When you’ve had enough of blotting papers and the constant touching up with translucent powder, it may be time to try the Optimals Balancing Day Fluid. It minimises the appearance of pores, softens and mattifies the skin with a natural Swedish ingredient blend of willow bark and white nettle.
Let’s be honest, feet are not often a priority in your grooming spectra. As easy as it is taking them for granted, your feet put up with a host of challenges as well as carry you through life. So, follow our tips below and show your feet the extra love they deserve!
Start off with a clean slate. Lather up your feet properly in the tub and get in between every toe. Then fill a basin or your bathtub with warm water, add a soak of your choice and let them soak for 5 minutes. Remove your feet from the soak and while they are still slightly wet, buff both feet carefully with a file, using either the coarse or fine grains to file away calluses and dull skin. 
After a proper cleanse, it’s time to get rid of those dead skin cells. Depending on your feet’s condition, use a scrub that does double the trick (cleanse and hydrate) or go for a lighter polish with nourishing oils and ingredients for a gentler feel. Exfoliate for about a minute, then wipe off the remains of the scrub with a damp towel, leaving your feet refreshed and smooth. For some over-the-top care, also try using a cuticle scrub. 
Time to get out your pedicure kit. To avoid any sharp edges, trim your nails is when they are still soft and warm. Cut your nails straight across and don’t dig into corners (no one likes ingrown ends). File your nails carefully in a straight angle and use the emery board underneath the edge to gently shape and smooth each nail. 
Get your cuticles in order! Start by applying a few drops of nail serum to the base of each nail. Wait 1 or 2 minutes for it to dry, then get out your manicure stick and gently push back each cuticle. When you’re done, use a cuticle nipper and carefully nip away the dead skin. Be aware never to cut live skin any parts of the cuticle that is still protecting your nail bed as this can cause infections or inflammations. 
Since your feet and nails spend most their time cramped into shoes or sandals, it is even more important to add some extra hydration and nurture. Switch up the protection by applying moisture gel or nail food to revitalize fragile and dry nails. For extra armour, add a coat of nail shield and your feet will thank you later. 
When all nails are set and done, it’s time to get smooth, soft and flexible. Treat your feet to a great moisturiser that will please your needs. Use a richer cream for cracked heels, mix a little foot serum to an overnight feet mask, go for a super nourishing cream, a cooling cream in warm temperatures or in case of some unwanted odour, go for a fresh foot spray. 
The average pair of feet walk around a quarter of a million miles in their lifetime, which makes it even more important to go the extra mile for your feet. Use proper support like heal cushions or shields to ease the pressure on your soles and keep your feet healthy by regularly visiting a podiatrist. For invigoration and freshness, let your feet breathe as much as possible and try hot and cold therapy from time to time; Place your feet in cold water for one minute, and then switch comfortably to hot water. It’s truly a refreshing experience!
Holi – the festival of colours is here! Amidst all the fun and festivity, what bothers people most is how to deal with skin and hair issues caused by the rampant use of artificial colours. Here’s how to avoid these problems with a little care!
Obviously, your face is the most affected part of the body. It tends to get dry and rough after being smeared with colours. In severe cases of damage to the skin, it might also feel irritable. We know you don’t want to stay away from colours on this day, so here’s how to avoid the hassle: apply a very thick layer of moisturiser and sunscreen before you step out to play. This will hinder the colour from seeping in deep and the SPF will protect you from damaging UV rays. 
Dry hair and scalp can lead colours to penetrate deep into the roots and leave stains. Make sure that you have oiled both properly before the celebration starts. 
Drench yourself in coconut oil from head to toe. Alternatively, you can also apply a thick layer of heavy creams like a cold cream, body cream or the Tender Care balm. 
Apply a bright nail colour and seal the polish with a coat of The ONE Base & Top Coat for further protection. 
A thorough head to toe wash is essential to get rid of the chemical colours, grime and dirt. Use a gentle gel wash or cream based cleanser when cleaning your face. Do not scrub too hard! 
For hair wash, use a mild shampoo and let it stay on for a little while before washing it off. To restore your hair’s natural softness, shine and vitality apply the Milk & Honey Gold Hair Mask.
Cleanse, eyes, boost, moisturise. These are the daily fundamentals that we recommend to achieve and maintain great skin. But what if we told you there's a way to enhance your routine and get even better results for cleaner, smoother, more beautiful skin?
Enter: Sonic technology. Sonic facial devices are all the rage right now - there's a multitude of sonic cleansers, exfoliators and massagers out there - you've probably seen them. But why is sonic technology so great for your skin? Maybe you use a sonic toothbrush - in which case you know how much cleaner your teeth look and feel than if you use a traditional toothbrush. Well sonic facial devices are based on exactly the same approach. The high frequency vibrations pulse onto the skin - literally shaking free impurities and helping to boost the skin's microcirculation and improve its tone. 
HOW CAN SONIC TECHNOLOGY ENHANCE MY SKIN CARE? 
When you cleanse by hand, your skin might look clean but impurities not visible to the eye can be left behind - a sonic cleanse can be more effective. The cleaner your skin is, the less likely your pores are to get clogged and the more likely your serum and moisturiser are to be better absorbed. 
To show the difference sonic cleansing can make, we compared cleansing by hand with sonic cleansing using Oriflame's SkinPro Sonic 3-in-1 System. We applied intense glittery make-up onto our model's face and got her to cleanse one side by hand and the other side with the SkinPro Sonic purifying Cleansing Brush Head. Bet you know which side we would pick! 
Even when you step up your cleansing from manual to sonic, if you're not exfoliating then your skin won't be as healthy-looking as it could be. When skin cells die they build up on the surface of the skin, which can leave it rough and dull with enlarged pores. Exfoliation removes dead skin cells and deeply cleans the pores to smoothen the skin’s texture and promotes skin that looks really healthy and glowing. 
The benefits of a facial massage are not to be underestimated! As well as helping to melt away tension and relax your facial muscles, sonic massage is known to help boost microcirculation and even to help improve skin tone and elasticity when used over time. 
How about being able to cleanse, exfoliate and massage your skin in one smart device for results you can see and feel - clinically proven. If you liked our previous SkinPro Cleansing System, you'll absolutely love this! 
For a step-by-step on how to use the cleansing device, click here!
It's said that you only have 7 seconds to make a good first impression. That's not a lot of time. But luckily we have some great tips for how to make it the best 7 seconds possible. Check them out!
Doing your homework can help reduce first-meeting-nerves. If you’re meeting a potential customer, try Googling their name or looking them up on Facebook beforehand. This will help you prepare some topics for conversation and to identify interests you may have in common – a great starting point for an impressionable first encounter. 
Make sure you dress to suit the occasion. Check to see if there’s a dress code to avoid looking over- or underdressed. And, wear clothes that you feel comfortable in – shoes that make you wince will only distract you! 
The sense of smell is closely linked with memory, so if you want to be unforgettable (for the right reasons!), select your scent carefully. For a first meeting, choose something subtle that won’t overpower and apply it sparingly. We love Women’s Collection Innocent White Lilac for their delicate aromas. 
Being punctual demonstrates that you are respectful of someone else’s time, so get to that first meeting at the prearranged hour! 
Instead of starting a conversation by talking about yourself, focus on asking questions – you should have some prepared in advance. Make eye contact, avoid interrupting and offer encouragement by nodding your head. These small gestures will show that you’re engaged in the conversation. 
Your body language says a lot about you. In fact, research suggests that as much as 90% of all communication is done nonverbally. Make sure you stand or sit up straight, greet with a firm handshake and maintain eye contact while speaking with others – and don’t forget to smile! You want to convey a relaxed confidence. 
Wearing the right scent can help you relax before a first meeting. Lavender, geranium rose, bergamot, ylang ylang and jasmine are known to sooth and calm nerves; they’re also found in some of Oriflame’s most loved perfumes! 
Try: Eclat Femme Eau de Toilette, Paradise Eau de Parfum, Giordani Gold White Edition or Possess Eau de Parfum 
There’s nothing worse than speaking to somebody who keeps glancing at their phone, or looking over your shoulder – it implies they’d rather be elsewhere. Turn your phone off (or on silent) and give your company your full attention.
You don’t need to be a professional manicurist to paint your nails, but you do need to watch out for some common nail polish blunders. These are the 5 most common manicure mistakes to never make again!
Base coat is to a manicure; what primer is to foundation. It prepares the nail surface to receive a smooth first layer of polish, while preventing staining. Your natural nail contains oils that prevent nail polish from adhering well. So, you should always seal the oils with a base coat. And as a bonus your favourite polish will last a lot longer. 
Since the tip of your nail is the oldest, most brittle part, filing back and forth can create splitting, peeling, or even breakage. Try doing it this way: file one outside corner of the nail and sweep the file across the tip in one direction, stopping at the middle. Repeat in that direction until desired shape is achieved, then switch sides. 
Cleaning up small pieces of skin around your nail is one thing. But if there’s one thing that you should never cut off, it’s your cuticles (the thin, delicate skin that sits at the base of your nail bed). Cuticles are protective barriers that keep bacteria out, so pushing them back is really as far as you should go. 
To keep your cuticles healthy you can also apply a nourishing cuticle cream. When cuticles get dry they can crack and tear, which can be extremely painful. Keep a jar of cuticle cream at your desk or on your bedside table, and moisturise whenever they feel dry. 
Thin coats of polish are the key to a lasting manicure. If you make them too thick, they'll peel off, smudge, dent or chip much easier. Two coats of polish is generally the best! 
Do your manicures have a tendency to chip at the tip of your nails? You’re not alone! Simply wearing a top coat won’t help if you haven’t made sure to seal the tip for extra protection. So, do this: after you apply your first coat of polish, take the tip of your brush and swipe it back and forth against the free edge of your nail. Do the same with the second and top coat. Circle back with that top coat two or three days later for extra insurance. Fool proof!
Just like haircuts, our brows can definitely be a personal statement. Whether you like yours bold, contoured or super defined, we’ve got the perfect guide on how to create different types of eyebrows and how to perfectly shape them.
Who doesn’t love eye-catching brows? Using a brow mascara, (or as we’d like to call it; browcara) you can create beautiful and voluminous eyebrows in no time. The One Browcara a is a waterproof and high-performance brush-on-gel that locks in stubborn strands and adds fullness to your brows with that little extra “oomph” to your shape and arches. 
Brush brow hairs with the tip of the brush using short, stroking motions. 
Brush in the gel wherever you want to add volume. 
Comb through gently to shape and set brows. 
CONTOURED AND HIGHLIGHTED 
Want to feel more chic and sleek? Then a double ended eyebrow pencil is just what you need. The pencil side adds definition, colour and shape where hairs are sparse while the highlighter side works to provide an instant brow-lifting illusion. The One Duo Brow Pencil does just the trick and gives your brows a natural finish. 
Start at the inner eyebrow and use the coloured pencil to fill in sparse areas with short, feathery strokes to define and even out the contours of your brow. 
Apply the highlighter side underneath the arch of your brow or just below your brow bone to further enhance your eyes and brow shape. 
On days where stress levels are increasing by the minute, your brows shouldn’t be one of the things that adds to the pile. An all-in-one eyebrow kit gives you perfect on-the-go brow grooming with a professional touch. Try The One Eyebrow Kit to set your brows whenever you want with two natural shades, brushes, setting wax and a build in mirror. Beautiful brows made easy!
Choose one brow shade or blend both for the perfect shade. 
Work the colour through your brows in short strokes with the black angled brush. 
Shape and set your brows by applying the wax in short, upwards motions with the white wax brush. 
Just like a sharp cat-eye, a super defined brow requires great technique and an even greater marker. Using a fine tip applicator makes it easy to draw natural looking hairs and create precise lines with a defined brow shape. Try The One Eyebrow Marker for buildable, light coverage and a natural finish with a smudge and transfer-resistant formula. 
Start by applying feathery strokes to the middle of your brow. 
Build coverage and shape as you move towards the back of your arch. Fill in the arch as much as you want. 
Lightly fill in the thinner places at the front of your brow with light strokes for a natural finish. 
If you want to learn more about which eyebrow shape suits your face, click here!
It’s easy to forget that our body has different skin care concerns too. Using generic soap when it comes to cleansing is a big no-no, but how to know which wash to use when lathering up in the shower? Read on below, we’ve got it all figured out!
No one wants to walk around feeling like rough sand paper. When it comes to choosing a body wash for dry skin, it is always a good idea to go with a creamier wash instead of a gel. A cream wash is often gentler for dry skin and doesn’t contain any soap, which can easily dry it out. Look for ingredients that deeply conditions and hydrates your skin like olive oil, aloe vera or honey and make sure it contains some type of re-conditioning vitamins like vitamin A, B1 or E. 
A moisturising body lotion is also key when it comes to dry skin, but for complete hydration all the way it’s definitely a good idea to start thinking about moisture even before the shower. It might feel tempting to exfoliate often to remove dry flakes, over-scrubbing will only dry out the skin even more. Instead, aim to lightly dry brush with an exfoliating glove, sponge or brush every third day to keep the circulation flowing and skin glowing. 
Whether its harsh weather, bad eating habits or lack of vitamins, we all experience dull skin at some point. There are three things that are key whenever you feel like your skin needs deep refreshment; first, make sure to drink enough water. Second, exfoliate. Third, hydrate. Regular exfoliation will shed dead skin layers properly and brighten up any dullness. Dry brushing is also a big helper when it comes to keeping your skin healthy-looking. Start your day by lightly dry brushing in the morning to get your circulation going. Follow with a body wash that contains gentle exfoliation with refreshing ingredients like strawberry and lime or kiwi for an invigorating feeling. Top off with a hydrating body lotion, and for extra moisture add a few drops of body oil. 
Overly dry skin, allergies or eczema are probably common traits for those with sensitive skin. Some days it might feel like everything makes your skin break out, but don’t panic; there are some basic pointers to stick with to keep your skin from becoming irritated. First, stay away from heavily scented lotions and washes, and always look for key words like creamy, gentle and softening when choosing products. Exfoliate carefully and go for natural and pH balancing ingredients. A shower cream with avocado is a great choice as it contains healthy fatty acids, antioxidants and vitamins. Or, choose a wash with hydrating oils like almond oil that is gentle on the skin and super nourishing at the same time. Always follow up with a moisturising and soothing body lotion to keep your skin balanced. 
With so much talk about oils, you would think that your body’s excess oil somehow would be beneficial. Unfortunately, it can make your skin develop unwanted bumps and pimples if you don’t care for it properly. Luckily, there is a great body wash out there for all skin types. Many with oily skin tend to over-cleanse their skin and use products with a lot of alcohol, which actually only triggers your oil production. Your sebum production is very much due to genetics and hormones, so your skin isn’t oily because it’s dirty. All the washing in the world won’t make the excess oil go away, so focus on finding a wash that hydrates properly but doesn’t add oil. 
Go for lighter showers gels with gentle exfoliation to help your skin reduce breakouts by keeping the pores from becoming clogged with dead cells and sebum. A great ingredient is mint, which will wake up your skin and make it feel reinvigorated. Extracts of natural ingredients like raspberries contain a lot of great antioxidants and vitamin C, while some herbs like lavender can even balance hormonal levels. Lavender also provides a soothing scent and adds a great relaxing feeling to any shower session. Voilà; Smooth, refreshed and happy skin!
We love makeup and the ability it has to express who we are, but on some days, we just want to let our natural beauty shine through. Even though a little concealer goes a long way, there are other tricks to tweak your “no makeup look”. Here are our 5 best tips!
We all know that proper exfoliation brings out the best of your skins natural radiance. Use a cleansing sponge with your scrub for extra effect and gently peel your face in circular motions to get your circulation going (don’t forget your neck!) Rinse off with cold water and whilst your skin is still wet, take a few drops of facial oil and quickly pat it into your skin until dry. This will lock in moisture and give your skin a great moisture boost. Add a serum that boosts your specific skin type and an energising eye cream. To triple the effect of your base look, mix your favourite facial cream, primer and a few drops of your foundation into one and blend onto your skin for a flawless base. For some extra sparkle, add an illuminating cream on top. 
Glowy skin has been around for quite some time, and it doesn’t look like it will go away any time soon. While you don’t want to end up looking like a shiny mess, adding a lighter shadow to unconventional places of your face can truly work in your favour. After applying your base, touch up with a light reflecting concealer at the top of your cheekbones, on the center of your forehead, the bridge of your nose, the center of your chin and on your cupids bow. Last but not least, cover up any potential dark circles. Start with covering the bigger area with a thicker concealer, then dab on a light reflecting one on your bluest areas and finish off with (believe it or not) a subtle touch of a lighter shimmery eyeshadow. The eyeshadow will reflect the light a little extra and hide away any potential under-eye darkness. Also add some shadow to the highest points of your face. 
There are few things as unique as your eyes, so why not let them be the center of attention? We suggest going for either a subtle look that will brighten your frame, or a darker one that will create definition. A super simple trick is to add a little “glaze” – either only use a product like tender care and swipe it all over your eyelid for an eye-catching effect or go for a creamy eyeshadow in a really bright colour. If you want a more low-key look, add a nude shade of choice all over the lid and focus on highlighting the inner corners of your eyes with a white eyeliner and a dab of shimmer eyeshadow. For more intensity, focus on adding a darker shade like grey all over your lid. If you need a little extra definition but still want a bare look, lightly dot a soft grey or brown pencil between the top lashes and the bottom lash line. Whatever look you might go for, make sure to style your brows accordingly; a groomed brow truly works wonders when it comes to framing your face. 
You know when your lipstick is just about to fade, and there is a small hint of shade left on your lips? Keep that in mind – this is exactly the look we are going for. Even though a full-on red pout is a strong favourite, a gradient tint can really accentuate your skin tone and add that extra lustre to your face. Pick a lip colour that goes well with your skin tone – If you have fair skin, go for orange or peachy shades. For medium skin, try cranberry or mauvey hues. For deep skin, try cooler tones like brown or taupe. Start with dotting small amounts on to the middle of your bottom lip. Spread your colour across the lip and use your finger or a cotton swab to spread and blend the colour outward. Finish off with a clear gloss to perfect your subtle stain. 
One thing that makes us all look great is a blushed cheek; it makes your skin come alive and adds more glow to your natural beauty. Whether you are more of a cream kind of person or swear by powders, choose a blush that matches your skins natural flush and enhances your skin tone. If you have trouble finding your shade, use your natural lip tone as a guide. In general, pink works for fairer skin tones, peachy for medium skin and brownish pink for darker skin. Blend your blush into areas where the sun would fall on your face; apples of your cheeks, forehead, chin and bridge of nose. Want a subtler flush? Avoid shimmery and sparkly blushes. Want to be extra? Choose a stronger blush colour like orange and add highlighter on the apples of your cheek. It will certainly make them pop!
Few things are as fun as travelling, but being on the go can make it hard to stick to your skin care routine. So here are a few hacks for great vacation skin.
1. STICK TO GOOD ROUTINES 
Just because you’re going away, it doesn’t mean that you have to break good habits. Yes, packing bulky products can be tricky, particularly if you’ve only got hand luggage, but there’s a simple solution: samples. These small sachets, normally containing 10 ml of day or night cream can be bought online – perfect for mini-breaks. And, when it comes to your cleansing regime, simply decant your cleanser and toner into several 100 ml reusable bottles. 
2. FAVOUR A MULTI-USE BALM 
Dry lips, hands, nails – you name it, a multi-use balm has you covered. Oriflame’s iconic Tender Care is a miniature pot of intensely nourishing balm that’s small enough to take away on your travels. 
Post-plane skin is likely to be dull and dry – not pretty. So, we recommend a brightening face mask on arrival. Try a sheet mask – they’re designed to intensely hydrate your skin and add radiance, or look to a gel-based mask that will revitalise tired-looking skin in just over 10 minutes. 
Overnight travel is rarely restful, often leaving you with under-eye puffiness and dark circles. For an instant pick-me-up, leave your favourite eye cream in the fridge the night before travelling, and apply on-the-go. The coolness of the product will refresh and sooth tired-looking eyes.
Are you a club diva or gala dinner type of girl? And do you have a fragrance to match? If not, you have to check out this guide! It'll help you find your ultimate party perfume based on where you go on a night out.
Sharing an evening of food and laughter with friends, welcomes a familiar fragrance. A casual scent that has fresh floral notes at its heart. If your perfect night out is, in fact a night in, then look no further than Women’s Collection. Effortlessly beautiful, these scents blossom as they settle on your skin – guaranteed to delight your fellow diners.
You know that the right perfume can be game-changing. And you expect yours to inject confidence; to excite. If your perfect night is largely spent on the dance floor, you’ll want a fragrance that energises and celebrates your individuality – like Possess. Each award-winning fragrance is housed in a Tourmaline decorated bottle that’s unique – just like you. 
For grand occasions that require you to exude elegance and grace, only the head-turning scents of Giordani Gold will do. With 40 years of experience, Giordani Gold strives to craft premium products, infused with the world’s most exclusive ingredients. We promise that your perfume will live-up to the luxurious events you love.
Pregnancy, use of the pill or excessive sun exposure can cause an uneven skin tone or dark spots in the skin. Find your way back to feeling confident in your skin with these tips on how to prevent and treat pigmentation!
Load up on bright, colourful, antioxidant-rich foods like berries, grapes, leafy greens and dark chocolate (Yes!). Antioxidants prevent pigmentation before it occurs by reducing inflammation and oxidative stress. (Wellness by Oriflame Swedish Beauty Complex Plus) 
Pregnancy, the pill or heavy stress can cause hormonal fluctuations and imbalances which make you more susceptible to developing pigmentation. A diet including fresh vegetables and healthy fats as well as daily exercise decreases oestrogen levels, which in turn reduces melanin production. Lower melanin production = less pigmentation! 
You’ve heard this before, but we can’t stress enough how important it is to avoid prolonged sun exposure to prevent future pigmentation and premature aging! If you can’t resist basking in the summer sun (we don’t blame you!) use a high performing and moisturizing SPF that you reapply during the day. 
Exfoliation deeply cleanses the skin and minimises breakouts, but did you know that it also aids in removing pigmentation? An exfoliator containing glycolic or lactic acid sloughs off the outer layer of skin cells, including the darker skin cells (pigmentation) to reveal fresh new skin underneath. 
We reach for vitamin C when hit by a cold, but this juicy vitamin is also essential for fighting skin pigmentation. A vitamin C serum evens out your skin tone by inhibiting melanin production and aiding regeneration which over time reduces pigmentation. 
A brightening product (NovAge Bright Sublime Advanced Brightening Day Cream SPF 20) that contains substances which prevent melanin from forming will give you the bright, ‘glowy’ complexion you’re missing, and make dark spots less visible over time. Remember to always use a good SPF in combination with your brightening product, if not in the product already, since it can make your skin sensitive to sun exposure.
You don't have to go to a pro to get beautiful nails! In fact, once you learn the correct techniques, it's easy to create salon-worthy manicures at home. Here are five important do's and don'ts to keep in mind!
DON’T: USE ACETONE NAIL POLISH REMOVER 
Acetone is super harsh on your nails and dries them out. So, get rid of that stuff today! 
A caring nail polish remover should be able to remove even the darkest shades, without harming your nails and cuticles. The ONE Nail Polish Remover contains Vitamin E and other moisturising ingredients for healthy nails. 
Cutting or pushing back your cuticles too far is a big no-no! The skin protects the nail from bacteria and fungi, and removing it can lead to infections. 
DO: MOISTURISE YOUR CUTICLES 
Moisturising your cuticles will prevent them from cracking or peeling. So, always apply The ONE Cuticle Cream to promote healthy nail growth. 
DON’T: SKIP THE BASE COAT 
Many of us get lazy and go straight for the coloured nail polish. This is no good, as it can discolour your nails and shorten the lifespan for your manicure. 
DO: APPLY BOTH A BASE COAT AND A TOP COAT 
The secret to a long-lasting manicure is to do proper prepping with a base coat and then seal the colour with a top coat. With The ONE Base & Top Coat you can do both! 
DON’T: USE TOO MUCH NAIL POLISH 
This is probably the most common mistake we make at home. Using too much polish, in thick layers, makes it harder for the polish to dry. This can result in bubbles or dents in the colour. Not so pretty! 
DO: APPLY NAIL POLISH IN MODERATION 
Apply two coats of nail polish, using only 3-5 strokes per nail. With less polish on the brush it’s easier to control the final result. And this is crucial: always let the first coat dry completely before applying another. 
DON’T: WEAR NAIL POLISH TOO LONG 
You shouldn’t leave polish on for more than two weeks (or one month on your toenails). The cells in your nails are made of protein and can become damaged from long exposure to nail polish. 
DO: GIVE YOUR NAILS A BREAK 
Let your nails go polish-free every now and then to help the cells re-build. Take this time to treat your nails to some much-needed care. The ONE Nail Food and The ONE 5-in-1 Nail Serum works wonders!
Not all make-up brushes are created equal. They have different purposes and will give you different results. Unsure which is which? Then check out this guide!
A foundation brush is used to apply foundation. Our Precision Foundation Brush has a flat, curved bristle shape that allows for highly controlled, quick and even application of a range of foundation formulas, including liquid and cream. 
Pro tip: Start your foundation application at the centre of your face and blend out towards the hairline and neck. This will help you avoid foundation built-up around the edge of the face. 
A powder brush is used to apply any kind of powder (like a setting or bronzing powder). Our Precision Powder Brush lifts powder with ease and ensures perfectly even application and a light, smooth finish. Works wonders with loose and pressed powders. 
Pro tip: Apply your powder with even, circular movements for an even more flawless result. 
A concealer brush is used for precise application of concealer. Our Precision Concealer Brush has a thin, tapered top that perfectly conceals dark circles and the area around your eyes and nose. 
Pro tip: Get perfect cover by gently tapping the concealer onto the skin and then feathering the edges until blended. 
A fan brush is most commonly used to apply highlighter, blush or bronzer. Our Precision Fan Powder Brush has flat, fan-shaped bristles that’ll always give you a naturally flawless result. 
Pro tip: A fan brush is also a great tool for brushing excess powder off your face. 
A blush brush is used to apply blusher. Our Precision Angled Blush Brush has slanted bristles that lift powder with ease and give you an even, natural application. This is a great brush for blending and contouring the cheeks to achieve a more defined, sculpted look. 
Pro tip: Smile to accentuate the apples of your cheeks, and simply dab your blush on the centre of the cheeks. Then you can gently blend the blusher with circular movements upwards at an angle toward your ears. 
A lip brush is used to apply lipstick. Our Precision Lip Brush is a dense, small tapered brush perfectly designed to define the lip contours and evenly apply intense colour. 
Pro tip: Prep the brush with your favourite lipstick colour and slip it into your handbag for quick touch ups throughout the day. 
An eyeliner brush is used to apply colour from a pen, cream or liquid eyeliner. Our Precision Angled Eyeliner Brush has an angled head that reaches over your lashes for trouble-free application along the upper and lower lash lines. It’s ideal for cream based liners or your favourite eye shadow. 
Pro tip: Always start thin and then build on the line if necessary. 
DOUBLE ENDED EYESHADOW BRUSH 
An eyeshadow brush is used to apply eyeshadow. Our Precision Double Ended Eyeshadow Brush has a rounded shape, which will give you better access to all areas of the eye. The sponge tip allows for more precise and intense application of colour. 
Pro tip: Apply eyeshadow to the crease for a more intense look and emphasised shape. 
A blending brush is used to blend transitions between eyeshadow colours. Our Precision Blending Brush has soft bristles with a wider cut that are great for shading. 
Pro tip: Press gently so the bristles spread out. This will help the colours blend into each other without leaving harsh lines. 
A comb is used to shape eyebrows and remove clumps from eyelashes. The brow brush on our Precision Brow and Lash Comb has shorter bristles – perfect for blending brow colour. The lash comb lets you polish your lashes. 
Pro tip: Dip the brush side in brow colour and brush through brows for a natural look. 
An eyebrow brush is used to apply brow colour. Our Precision Angled Eyebrow Brush has firm angled bristles, which makes it easy for you to define or fill in your brows. 
Pro tip: For a natural look always start where the hair is thickest. Then use short strokes instead of long lines.
Are you tired of dyeing your hair and want to go back to your original colour? Then we have some great tips for how to make that change. Check out this 4-step guide.
FIND INSPIRATION ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
Going back to natural hair can feel scary for some. So, to help you find courage, we suggest you find a few natural hair divas on social media. YouTube tutorials and Instagram celebs can give you the inspiration needed to love natural hair colours again. 
Once you’ve decided to go back to your roots (pun intended), start with a little TLC. If you’ve been hiding your hair in breakage-prone braids, updos and product-intense styles, treat yourself to a new caring regimen. 
Start every shower with a moisturising shampoo, a rich conditioner and a hair mask. This will help you restore your hair’s natural texture and help repair any damage. Once out of the shower, apply a leave-in oil to help seal in moisture. This makes your hair soft and manageable. 
Now you might think: “Hang on a second – transitioning back to my natural colour must take years?” Not necessarily! All you have to do, is to let your roots grow back and then pick a hair dye to match. This way, the difference between your natural colour and the dye job will not be as intense. Still this won’t happen overnight – expect to invest two to four months. 
After transitioning to your original colour, it’s crucial to follow up with regular trims. A good rule of thumb is to trim your ends every three to four weeks. Then, slowly but very surely, you will get rid of your chemically-altered hair and enjoy the sensation of natural hair.
Want a subtle scent or to take over a room when you arrive? Both effects can be achieved with the same perfume. All you need to change is how you put it on. Here are four ways to do it!
If you want to make your perfume more transparent, then try dabbing it onto your skin rather than spraying it. The neck and wrists are perfect places for this type of application. 
SPRAY YOUR HAIR OR CLOTHES
The warmer you get, the faster your scent evaporates. So, if you tend to get hot – try applying fragrance to your clothes or hair, rather than spraying it directly onto the skin. Just be careful with delicate fabrics to avoid stains. 
ADD IT TO YOUR BODY LOTION
Extend the lifespan of your fragrance by mixing it with unscented body lotion. Just add a few sprays to the cream in your hand, then apply it to your body. You’ll smell lovely all day! 
What can be more pampering that bathing in the perfume you love? Just add 2 drops of perfume or 3-4 sprays of Eau de Toilette to a warm bath. It’s a real treat!
They come in all shapes and forms! Some people want to go bold, some people prefer a more slim and sleek lash look. Find your perfect mascara match!
Wanted: The Perfect Wand! 
It’s all in the wand. Pick the right one for you - it can make all the difference. First things first, though. What do you want from your wand? Volume, length, curve? 
If you want to go bold, more bristles are better! A full wand with lots of bristles will help you build that sought-after volume. Go for our new The ONE 5-in-1 Wonder Lash XXL Mascara (link to PDP) – it’s all about extraordinary 5-in-1 lashes! The curved shape hugs your lashes from root to tip and keeps them looking fabulous throughout the day. 
If length is your thing, then you should go thinner. A thinner and ideally pointed wand will give your lashes full support from root to tip. Check out The ONE Hypnotic Depth Mascara (link to PDP). 
A cone shaped brush allows you to reach the inner and outer corners of your eye, where lashes often get left out, and makes sure those lashes get an even coating, as well as a more eye-opening result. If that’s for you, try Giordani Gold Iconic All-in-One Mascara (link to PDP). 
Can’t choose between length and curl? Go for a spiral brush that combines the two and gives a false lash effect to your lashes. We recommend The ONE Instant Extension Mascara (link to PDP).
By now you’ve probably worked out what your skin tone is, but that doesn’t mean you know what makeup to pair with it. Follow our definitive colour guide to getting it right every time.
Blonde or red hair, pale skin that burns easily and freckles, blue or green eyes.
Wear: Concealer with blue undertones to diffuse dark, under-eye circles. Soft pink or coral blushes that give the appearance of flushed cheeks. Earthy, beige tones for eyes and brown eye liner and mascara. Lipsticks with peach undertones.
Avoid: Heavy bronzers that can make you look orange, or very pale or frosted colours that can wash you out and make skin appear sallow. 
Your must-have: The ONE IlluSkin Blush
You have: MEDIUM-FAIR SKIN
Blond or brown hair, skin that tans golden and occasionally burns, dark eyebrows and lashes. 
Wear: Look for a blush with apricot tones to warm cheeks. Highlight eyes with gold and jewel tones like emerald, royal blue and plum. Choose basic nude lipsticks in taupe, or brighten lips with rose and soft reds. 
Avoid: Using silver to highlight, (choose gold instead) as it can make skin appear ashen.
Your must-have: Giordani Gold Eyeshadow Quad Radiant Plum
You have: YELLOW-ASIAN SKIN
Black or dark brown hair, skin with yellow undertones, dark, almond-shaped eyes.
Wear: Nude blushes to contour and lift facial features, without creating any stark lines. Open-up monolids with champagne-coloured highlighters at the brow bone and inner-corners, and a palette of chocolate browns for definition - a jet-black volumising mascara is a must. Deep berry colours will make lips pop.
Avoid: Heavy black makeup that can make eyes appear smaller.
Your must have: The ONE Eyes Wide Open Mascara in Black 
Black or dark brown hair, skin with green undertones that’s naturally tanned and rarely burns, brown eyes. 
Wear: Blushes with mauve and rose-coloured undertones to balance green undertones. Aubergine, cobalt blue, copper and gold to highlight brown eyes. Cherry, brown rose, berry and wine tones on your lips. 
Avoid: Orange-toned bronzers that can look clownish – embrace your natural glow!
Your must have: The ONE 5-in-1 Colour Stylist Lipstick in Red Passion
You have: MEDIUM DEEP SKIN
Black hair, dark skin with warm undertones, dark eyes and features.
Wear: Both your cheeks and lips will look radiant in nude pinks, soft browns and corals, but for a high-impact look try a lipstick in dark plum or wine red. For highlighting dark eyes, choose teal, rose gold and saffron shades.
Your must have: The ONE Colour Impact Cream Eye Shadow in Rose Gold 
Jet black hair and deep, dark skin that never visibly burns, almost black eyes.
Wear: Cranberry, orange or fuchsia blushes make ebony skin tones “pop!” For a neutral lip, chocolate shades work best, or trial a red, purple or glossy pink lipsticks. Gold, bronze tones or jewel-tones look radiant on eyes, as do flashes of aquamarine. 
Avoid: White eye shadows that can make skin appear ashy.
Your must have: Giordani Gold Jewel Lipstick in Warm Coral
Razor bumps, ingrown hairs and cuts. When it comes to shaving, it's easy to make mistakes and end up with a rough look. So, take the time to learn how to avoid the five most common ones. Your face will thank you!
NOT PUTTING IN THE PREP TIME 
Rushing a shave or putting a razor to dry skin is destined to damage your face. Make sure you take your time - preferably after a shower when the pores are open and the skin is softer. Always use a decent amount of shaving foam to make the razor glide better. 
SHAVING AGAINST THE GRAIN 
Do you tend to get ingrown hairs after shaving? Your technique might be to blame! It’s not uncommon to think that one should shave against the grain, but it’s always best to shave in the same direction as your hair grows. It reduces the risk of cuts and skin irritation. 
Ever go from the neck to your cheek in one go? Please stop! Long strokes can build up product and hair in the blade, which leads to bad results. Use short strokes and wash the razor after every swipe. 
SKIPPING THE AFTER-SHAVE STEP 
Shaving removes dead skin from your face, leaving it susceptible to bacteria and dryness. Always wash your face with warm water after a shave, then moisturise with an after-shave balm and day cream. Hydration is key! 
RE-USING THE RAZOR OVER AND OVER 
Old razor blades build up bacteria and even mold(!) after too many uses. So, don’t be stingy and cheat yourself from a fresh blade. Make sure you change disposable razors weekly.
How do you prep your lips before applying lipstick? Most people would say: "I don't". But we want to argue that you should! It'll keep your lips healthy and make the colour last longer. This is the four-step ritual you need!
Always start with a lip scrub to remove dry skin. This prevents your lipstick from looking patchy or flaky later on. You can even make your own scrub. Just mix sugar and honey in a bowl, then rub it into your lips. Finish by wiping it off with a dry cloth. 
The dead skin is gone! Now, it’s time to add some moisture. Our long-time favourite, Tender Care, is great to get your lips back in tip top shape. Many beauty experts also swear by facial oil – so you can always try the organically sourced EcoBeauty Facial Oil for naturally soft lips. 
Once your lips are prepped to perfection, you’ll want to lay the groundwork for your colour. A lip primer is great to prevent fading and bleeding, and to make your lipstick last longer. 
The final step is to apply the lip colour itself. Whether it be a lipstick, a lip tint or lip gloss, it’s always a good idea to start with a lip liner in the same shade. This will give you a more even and long-lasting colour. The result? Smashing lips that look great all day long! 
Not sure which colour to choose? Read Find the Perfect Lipstick Shade For You.
We may not wear full eye makeup every day, but there are a few looks – five to be exact – that we’ve got in our beauty repertoire, for when we want to leave an impression.
1. DOUBLE-WINGED EYE LINER
A double flick gives the classic cat-eye some edge. It’s simple to do: you’ll need your statement eye liner colour (blue is a favourite this season!) and an eye liner pen with a pointed nib. 
You’ll need this: GG Eye Shadow Quad
You may have seen the “spotlight eye” trend on the catwalk and not even noticed it. It’s an eye makeup style that highlights the centre of the lid, to open-up eyes - it’s a firm-favourite with celebrities. To master the look, use a metallic cream eye shadow, kajal eye liner and lashings of mascara!
Highlight with: The ONE Colour Impact Cream Eye Shadow
If you’ve been scouting the catwalk for inspiration, you’ll be familiar with this season’s linear take on beauty. The graphic eye can take on many shapes and textures, from flicks that extend to the temple, to neon geometric shapes – it’s the “cool-girl’s” favourite. You’ll need an eye liner pen and a steady hand to rock this look! 
Must have product: The ONE Eye Liner Stylo
The cat eye is a classic. But even the simplest of eye makeup looks can be tricky to perfect. We like to use an inch of scotch tape applied from our lower lash line to our temple to get the angle right every time. 
Try out: The ONE Wonder Liner
Like a little black dress, a smoky eye should be every woman’s go-to evening style. To perfect this look you’ll need several shades of eye shadow: darker tones for building definition at the crease and a brighter shade for highlighting at the inner corners of your eyes. And, for eyes that really smoulder, add lashings of The ONE Eyes Wide Open Mascara.
Get the look with: Giordani Gold Eye Shadow Quad
The modern woman is faced with new makeup challenges: exaggerated cat eyes, complicated contouring techniques and the grooming of thick – yet precise - brows. If you stumble on some mishaps along the way – don’t fret! We’re here to help.
Problem: My cat-eye is ALWAYS crooked! 
Solution: Try this trick from the pros: take a piece of scotch tape and press it against your hand several times to reduce the stickiness. Then, place the tape beneath your lower lash line, angling it up to your temples. This will become the angle of your flick! Use a liquid eye liner pen to rim your upper lashes and to extend the line along the tape. Leave your flick to dry before removing the tape. And voilà – a perfect cat-eye!
Problem: Contouring makes me look like a clown!
Solution: It’s okay that you’re not a professional at contouring – trust us, it’s hard! One of the biggest mistakes people make is that they forget to blend. If you’re bronzer is streaked across your cheekbones and jaw line, take a sponge and diffuse the colour. The same goes for highlighter: blend with a soft makeup brush, or pat with clean fingertips to prevent stark contrasts. 
Problem: I always sneeze when I apply my mascara!
Solution: Whatever you do, don’t try to wipe it away straight away. That’ll only increase the chance of you smudging your makeup even more. Instead, allow the mascara to dry. Then use a small concealer brush or cue-tip dipped in makeup remover, gently whip away the flecks. 
Problem: My eyebrows always look fake! 
Solution: Thick, attention-grabbing eye brows are in – but that doesn’t make them easy to do. A common mistake is that people “square” off the front of their brows, instead of creating natural hair like strokes using a pencil or kit. Another problem is that we tend to lengthen our brows too much. Here’s a simple trick to avoid this: take a pencil and angle it from your nostril to the outer corner of your eye – that’s how far your brow should be lengthened to. And, as a final tip, keep the colour natural. 
Problem: I get red around my nose area! 
Solution: Redness in the nose area is often caused by excessive friction when blowing your nose, so instead of blowing, try to blot your nose with a tissue. If you find that your nose is reddening when you come from the cold to the heat, integrate a mild cleanser and rich day cream or oil into your skin care regime. A powder, followed by a concealer that matches your skin tone, should help neutralise the colour too.
Aging is inevitable - everyone gets wrinkles. And we say: Embrace it! You look stunning regardless. But we also acknowledge that as our bodies and skin change with time, we need new beauty tricks. So here’s a look at some of our best tips for mature skin.
One of the most common beauty issues we deal with, as we age, is increasingly dry skin. The dryness is a result of two physical changes: our bodies produce fewer natural lipids that slow down water loss and the skin-renewal process slows down. These changes lead to a drop in both collagen and elastin. To tackle dryness, you need to stimulate circulation and bring fresh skin to the surface. Here exfoliation is your best friend! Use a scrub and loofah in the shower twice a week. Then make sure to moisturize your whole body afterwards to keep your skin smooth and soft. And don’t forget your hands! Apply a rich moisturising hand cream every day, especially after you wash your hands. For extra nourishment, apply hand cream right before going to bed. We promise that your hands will feel wonderful the next morning.
As we age, collagen fibres start to stiffen and break apart, which results in lines, wrinkles, dry skin and age spots. Therefore, it’s important to invest more time into your skin care and find really good products that suit you. Go for products that make your skin feel nourished all the way through your skin care routine. Also, look for key ingredients such as Genistein Soy and Ribwort Plant Stem Cells. These ingredients help to hydrate your skin and improve all signs of hormonal aging. They also increase your skin’s elasticity, and reduce wrinkles and age spots. So start with a cleanser that purifies, deeply cleanses and preserves your skin’s moisture balance. Then use a serum and day cream during the day, and a rich night cream to restore your skin while you sleep. 
Did you know that uneven skin tone can make you appear even older than what wrinkles do? Therefore, it’s crucial to create a flawless base. Primers and foundation are your go-to makeup products for mature skin. After you have applied your moisturiser, start with a primer. It sits underneath your makeup, and helps to smooth the surface of your skin and keep your makeup in place. Then use an foundation and concealer to camouflage age spots, blemishes and under-eye shadows. A general rule of thumb for the rest of your makeup is to avoid glitter. Glitter has a tendency to emphasize crow’s feet and wrinkles. Instead, use a matte highlighter or eye shadow on the brow bones and add some colour to your brows to create definition. Then add a pop of pink or peach-toned blusher for that extra glow!
Did you know that skin that has been properly cleansed is better prepared to absorb your eye cream, serum and moisturiser? Learn more about cleansing and how to get the most out of your cleansing products!
WHY IS CLEANSING SO IMPORTANT? 
Many of us live in big cities and on a daily basis our skin comes in contact with different kinds of pollutants, from exhaust fumes to cigarette smoke. Unless we cleanse every day, these can build up on our skin and cause oxidative stress that leads to premature aging. Further, pollutants combined with sweat and dead skin cells that can accumulate during the day can clog our pores and cause breakouts. 
DO’S AND DON’TS OF PROPER CLEANSING 
First of all, to maintain healthy-looking skin and a youthful appearance it’s essential to remove your make-up at night. When left on the skin during the night, some foundations can clog your pores and dry your skin out making it harder for your skin to regenerate during the night. 
Second, use a cleanser that is gentle and doesn’t dehydrate your skin. Cleansing helps remove excess oil, impurities and pollutants and if your skin isn’t completely clean your eye cream, serum and moisturiser won’t work optimally, which would be a waste of well-invested money and time! 
If you’re not doing it already, start cleansing both morning and evening. During the night your body loses moisture through breathing and sweating, so when you wake up in the morning your skin is in high need of cleansing and moisturisation. In the evening, you need to cleanse your skin of all that has collected on the skin during the day and prepare the skin to optimally absorb your moisturiser to prevent dehydration, so that the skin can do its job of recovering during the night. 
Toning is an important part of cleansing because it balances your skin’s hydration levels and removes any last trace of make-up that could otherwise clog your pores. A toner that works well will leave your skin feeling pure, refreshed and supple. 
Do you sometimes feel that you don’t have time to use a toner? What if you could get the benefits of toning without actually using a toner? Our new intelligent cleanser, the NovAge Supreme Cleansing Gel, combines cleansing and toning in one intelligent step. It efficiently cleanses and tones your skin with the same results as if you were using a separate NovAge cleanser and toner and helps to prepare your skin for optimally absorbing the following products in your routine.
Tired of damaged hair and split ends? Don't go to the hairdressers just yet! There are things you can do to treat tired hair without cutting it off. Here are five tips!
BRUSH YOUR HAIR BEFORE SHOWERING
By brushing your hair properly before showering, you can avoid tangles and breakage associated with post-shower, towel-dried hair. 
Normal conditioners are great to make hair smooth and prevent the worst towel damage. But, when it comes to split ends, you need something more nourishing. Try a leave-in serum or leave-in treatment for long-term restoration. 
Use: HairX Restore Therapy Split Ends Serum or HairX Smooth Control Leave-In Treatment
Heat tools can be incredibly damaging for your hair, so try to use them as little as possible. But if you absolutely must curl those locks, shield your hair with a protection spray. 
You need: HairX Heat Protect Styling Leave in Spray
Hair oils are great for very damaged hair - they penetrate the hair strands and nourishes them from the inside out. 
Try: Love Nature Hair Oil Coconut Oil
Just like your skin needs the occasional hydration boost, so does your hair. So, make a hair mask part of your weekly beauty regimen! 
We recommend: HairX Restore Therapy Hair Mask
They say your eyes are the window to your soul - so let your brows introduce them! But one shape doesn’t fit all. Let us guide you to your best brows!
Here, we’re big fans of fuller brows with high, sharp angles. This will bring perfect definition to gorgeous rounder faces, creating angles between your cheekbones and chin. 
With the most balanced face shape, you can get away with pretty much anything. Still, we recommend you opt for a pronounced high arch that extends laterally along your brow bone. 
Go for a low, semi-straight arch that kisses your brow bone. A general rule of thumb? Simply follow the way your arch naturally rises and falls. Heavy shaping isn’t encouraged for this face shape since it already draws focus to your beautiful eyes and forehead. 
Focus on extending the length of your brows from left to right, creating either a high or low arch. Remember, keeping things horizontal is key to balancing out your lovely features. 
You’re already blessed with a defined jawline, so create balance with a thick brow and stronger arch. Angled brows help to balance and bring focus to your eyes - consider it a win-win!
Do you love manicures that stand out, but can’t seem to nail the perfect finish at home? Then check out these six simple tips for salon-worthy graphic nails!
This might seem self-explanatory, but too many of us jump into a nail art project without planning the execution before-hand. Know what pattern you want to create, plan all the steps in your head, and even watch a tutorial if needed. 
The quality of your nail polish will impact the end-result more than you think. Choose a polish with chip and fade resistant colour, like our The ONE Long Wear Nail Polishes, to avoid redoing your design every other day. 
A wide brush is good when you paint normal coats of nail polish, as it gives you a smoother finish. But when it comes to nail art, smaller is better. So cut an old brush with scissors to make it smaller and easier to handle. 
USE TAPE FOR PRECISE EDGES 
Few of us have the artistic ability (or the hand-eye coordination) to create intricate designs without guidance. Tape can be used in a million ways to create the patterns you want. Our favourites are to use multiple layers of tape, or to cut it with an arts and crafts scissor to get the perfect jagged edge.
No one’s a pro straight away, so expect a few mishaps if you’re new to this. But that’s why they invented nail polish remover, right?! A good tip to avoid ruining your entire design, is to clean your edges with a cotton swab (preferably a pointed one, designed for makeup) dipped in remover. Way less messy! 
DON’T FORGET THE TOP COAT 
The perhaps most neglected (or forgotten) stage of the nail art process is the top coat. Sealing your beautiful creation with a durable top coat will help the design last longer.
Half-used conditioner? Almost empty lipstick? Mascara that’s run its course? We love our beauty products, but hate when it’s time to say goodbye. To make your favourites last even longer, read on for some expert tips. Your wallet (and face!) will thank you.
ADD A LITTLE MOISTURISER TO YOUR FOUNDATION (AND BRONZER!)
Utilize those last few drops of your favourite foundation by adding a dab of face moisturiser. For foundation, pour a little moisturiser inside the bottle, shake well and apply. For bronzing powder, combine both for your very own tinted moisturiser. 
SCOOP OUT YOUR FAVOURITE LIPSTICK 
You may think that tube is long gone, but chances are, it’s not! Using a cotton swab (not your finger!), scoop out the last remnants and apply as you normally would to your lips. Or, if you want to be extra economical, dab a bit on the apples of your cheeks for a cream blush that works wonders. 
SWAP SHAVING CREAM FOR HAIR CONDITIONER 
Want silky smooth legs, but ran out of your usual shaving cream? Trust us, that half-used bottle of hair conditioner works as a luxurious treat and provides great glide. 
DON’T DISREGARD THAT MASCARA WAND
Sure, you should change mascara every 3 months, but that doesn’t mean you should forgo the wand. Simply place used mascara wands in the dishwasher to give them new life. You can use them for grooming your brows or taming flyaway hair near your hairline. 
Got products with pump dispensers? Use the stem of the pump to extend their lifespan further. Simply scrape the inside of the bottle and then apply to your hand. You’ll be surprised to learn how much is still in there. You can also cut the bottle in half with a pair of scissors.
Did you jump on the short hair trend, but cannot help to crave long locks again? Then we have good news for you! With these seven simple tricks, it won’t be too long until you have long, healthy hair again.
1. STOP CLOGGING YOUR FOLLICLES 
Dirt, oils and product build-up can block your follicles and slow down hair growth. To avoid overloading your roots, try to give your hair a rest from styling products every now and then. 
Shampoo is great for washing away dirt and product build-up. However, using the wrong shampoo, or simply washing your hair too often, will strip your strands of the natural, essentials oils that keep them soft and healthy. So what to do? Our best tip is to use a reparative shampoo that will both restore and be gentle on your hair strands. 
3. USE CONDITIONER EVERY TIME YOU SHAMPOO. 
Over time, colouring and heat styling will thin out your ends. The best solution for this is to use conditioner on a regular basis. Conditioner helps to seal the cuticle, and thus to prevent more damage. So don’t skip it! 
4. APPLY OIL OR MASK TREATMENTS 
One inevitability of growing your hair long, is that your ends will have suffered a lot more damage than the rest of your hair. Therefore, they might need more care than what a conditioner can supply. But fear not – you don’t have to chop them off yet. Try introducing a mask or hair oil to your weekly hair care regime. And if you’re not crazy about regular oils you can try an oil-based hair treatment instead. 
5. DITCH YOUR COTTON PILLOWCASE. 
Try switching from a cotton pillowcase to a sateen fabric. Why? Because it has a softer surface that won't cause friction in the same way as a cotton one does. Therefore, you'll wake up with fewer tangles. 
6. ADDRESS YOUR DIET AND CONSIDER SUPPLEMENTS 
Your body requires many vital nutrients to create new hair. For your hair to be in its best shape you need to be eating sufficient levels of iron, B vitamins, zinc and protein. We know, it’s not as easy as it sounds. Luckily there are hair supplements, specifically formulated to make your hair healthier. 
7. ADJUST YOUR EXPECTATIONS 
Last but not least, remember this. While your efforts will create the best possible conditions for healthy and shiny hair, gaining length will take time. A recent study shows that the average hair growth rate
of Asian female participants was 6 inches (15 cm) per year. 
African female participants was 4 inches (10 cm) per year. 
Caucasian female participants was just a little over 5 inches (13 cm) per year.
Online shopping for makeup is gaining popularity. But how do you do it if you’ve never brought an item before? Here’s the inside scoop!
When shopping products for a flawless base (foundation, concealer etc.) it’s great to know your skin’s undertone. The undertone is the warm, cool or neutral tone that’s visible through the skin’s surface colour. This tone is constant, even though the overtone (the visible colour of your skin) changes if you tan or have a skin condition like acne. 
So how do you know what your undertone is? The most commonly used trick is to check the veins of your underarm. If your veins look blue or purple your undertone is cool and you should look for words like pink, red, bronze. But if they’re greenish you have a warm undertone and should look for words like yellow, golden, peach, honey etc. People with a neutral tone has a mix of the two and can wear almost any shade. 
Your undertone can also affect which other colours that suit you best. Cool undertones look great with jewel toned makeup, whereas earth tones are better suited for people with warm undertones. 
The next thing to consider, when shopping makeup online, is your skin type. It impacts, not only what type of product you should buy, but also what qualities you should look for. For instance; a BB cream is good for acne prone skin, but a foundation will give you better coverage. And hydrating products are good for dry skin, whereas naturally oily skin needs something mattifying. So make sure you study your skin to know what result you want. 
Online product descriptions are great! They give you lots of information about products’ texture, qualities and coverage. So, take the time to read them and learn new terminology if necessary. Also, learn what differentiates products, within a category, from each other. For instance: what’s the difference between a gloss and a stain or between a blush and a bronzer. The more you know, the better purchases you’ll make online. 
You might not have the luxury of trying out products in person when shopping online. But fear not! In this digital day and age, you’re sure to find someone who has. If you want to see products in action, we recommend Instagram and Youtube. Here you can find other beauty lovers’ reviews, recommendations and tutorials. Not only are you able to see what the products look like on a skin tone similar to yours, but you can also learn a trick or two. Try searching for the product name in hashtags or directly in a search engine. 
GET TO KNOW OUR APP – MAKEUPWIZARD 
Still feel like you want to see the product on yourself before buying? Well, we have a solution for that too! Just download our amazing MakeupWizard app, which allows you to virtually test our products and finished looks. You can even snap photos of yourself and ask your friends and family to weigh in on your decision. It’s super helpful, and so much fun! 
GET IN CONTACT WITH A CONSULTANT 
And if all else fails - ask the experts! Our super-talented consultants have the inside scoop on all our products and are able to offer you personal advice based on your needs. If you’re not already in touch with a consultant, click here to reach the contact form. Just add your info, and a local consultant will contact you ASAP.
They are elegant, sociable and have impeccable sense of style – the Italians. How do they do that? These 7 rules will bring you closer to the Italian art of beautiful living.
Italians are synonymous with beautiful skin and many of us dream to have their sun kissed tone. Want that effect? Start with an ultra-fine liquid foundation for immaculate coverage. Then swipe a bronzer on the cheekbones, nose, chin and forehead for a warmer look. Psst… Italians do it too! And by the way, did you know that Giordani Gold Bronzing Pearls are hand-made in Italy? 
Italians love to talk… a lot. Especially over a plate of delicious pasta or espresso cup. So the lipstick has to be intense and stay put. It should also protect lips with SPF. Colour is an individual thing. Keeping it matte is what’s trendy now!
Tan loves gold! Gold colour makes skin appear even more bronze and warms up your look. It can be a watch, jewellery, bag or even… perfumes! Giordani Gold Original EaudeParfum with intoxicating orange note in its heart will warm up your senses and make you feel truly luxurious. 
In the streets of Rome or Milan you can barely see an Italian woman without sunglasses. But even if they wear trendy oversize it doesn’t mean that they let go of eye makeup! They usually keep it classic though, using mascara and eyeliner. As they are also romantic souls and often get emotional, they never forget to apply eye cream in the evening to avoid unwanted puffiness and dark circles. Good practice to follow!
Italians are quite chaotic and their hair seems to really show it. Yet somehow their messy hairstyles appear extremely chic! Comb your hair through with your fingers and style loosely or pin it up without looking in the mirror – trust us, you’ll get the look!
Don’t get misled! Bella Figura has nothing to do with a perfect body, it is all about Italian attitude that makes Italian women appear so confident and beautiful. It means to exude elegance without arrogance, to be attractive but not vain, to have impeccable manners but remain warm and approachable. These subtle adjustments in your attitude will help define your Italian style. 
How to live beautifully? Italian women seem to have mastered this art perfectly. The secret is to appreciate details, to celebrate every meal with friends or family and do more of what makes you happy. Sophia Loren said “Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes” - so don’t fake it with makeup, just live a beautiful life!
Great skin takes time. But let's face it - no one would say no to an overnight miracle. Well, this is the next best thing! By masking imperfections and bringing out the best in your skin, these products will give you instantly perfect-looking skin. Try for yourself!
NOVAGE PORE AND LINE PERFECTOR
Stress, lack of sleep and a polluted environment can take their toll on your skin, leaving you with enlarged pores, fine lines and a fatigued complexion. But fear not! The NovAge Opt-blurring Technology blends easily onto your skin, giving the appearance of completely flawless complexion. Clinically tested using high definition cameras, the NovAge Pore and Line Perfector showed a visible difference to your skin. It also helps to mattify the skin.
GIORDANI GOLD LIQUID SILK FOUNDATION SPF 12 
Great cover is another way to get perfect-looking skin. Giordani Gold Liquid Silk Foundation SPF 12 is an ultra-fluid, liquid foundation that perfects your complexion* with a beautifully nude finish. Inspired by silk, the final result both looks and feels natural. It’s infused with Optical Blurrers to make the skin appear luminous, blur imperfections and convey a more youthful appearance*. If that’s not enough, it also helps to shield your skin against environmental damage thanks to SPF 12. 
THE ONE ILLUSKIN FACE PRIMER 
Do your foundation justice with good groundwork. The ONE IlluSkin Face Primer boosts your natural glow with HaloLight TechnologyTM and locks your foundation in place. It will also even out your skin tone minimise the appearance of pores* for a flawless-looking base. 
A skin care splurge is fine every now and then. But when a spa trip doesn’t fit into your busy schedule (or limited budget), who says you can’t create the right spa mood at home? Keep reading to learn how to get your spa on, whenever you please.
There’s a reason why the pros use face masks - they work! So, whatever issue you might be facing (dehydration, pesky blemishes, lack of radiance), select one that’s right for your skin. Apply as directed. And hey! While you’re waiting the usual 10-15 minutes, why not turn on some relaxing music and light some candles? Mood is everything. 
BYE, BYE MASK…HELLO HOT TOWEL! 
Most professional spa visits include a hot towel treatment to open pores and thoroughly rid your skin of impurities. Lucky for you, towels are easy to come by at home! After you’ve applied your mask, soak a soft cotton towel in water, wring it out until slightly damp, and use it to clean and wipe off the excess product. Voila - fresh skin for days! 
TURN YOUR SHOWER INTO A PLUNGE POOL 
There’s nothing like a hot shower, followed by a cold one, to wake up your skin and improve the blood flow. Just make sure to end your personal hot-cold treatment with 3-5 minutes of neutral temperature, to get your body back to normal. 
Think cucumbers are the only way to soothe tired eyes? Think again. Use the back end of a chilled spoon to add some pep to your peepers. Follow with an eye cream to nourish the gentle skin. 
REVERSE THE CLOCK, WHILE YOU RELAX 
When your skin starts ageing, its texture and tone naturally change, resulting in a breakdown of collagen and elastin. To help firm up skin, apply a facial serum that contains caffeine or wrinkle-fighting retinol. 
The key to a great at-home manicure and pedicure is being prepared with the right products. Make sure to have the following on hand: nail polish remover (perfect for prepping), a buffer (for smoothing surfaces), and of course, the perfect shade of polish to dazzle.
Accessories can instantly glam up your look and transform even the most boring outfits day to night. If you don`t have time for dressing up, don`t worry, these look-at-me accessories will elevate your style in a matter of seconds.
Smaller bags are better suited to eveningwear. Swap your large bag for a chic clutch. 
Check out our new ultra-glittery Bangkok Party Bag in ombre colouring on one side, black velvet on other - small enough to palm in your hand, but big on impact. 
Switch to a Bigger Earring 
Big and colorful earrings are one of the easiest ways to jazz up a drab outfit. 
Pair our new drop-shaped Bangkok Earrings with a leather jacket for work, or a sparkly dress for an after-work party. 
Extra-long Necklace Trend 
Long chain necklaces may hold court in the boardroom with a blazer, but also, they can successfully boss an evening dress. 
Check out our new Bangkok Necklace adorned with glistening stones in warm, fuchsia-to-pink tones. 
Unique Pieces: Cuff Bracelet 
Say yes to signature accessories to solve your day-to-night dilemma. 
Your most classic shirt can get a feminine update with this eye-catching Bangkok Bracelet.
You don’t need a special occasion to use a face mask. Instead, try to fit them into your weekly routine and adapt the mask based on how your skin is feeling. Here are five masks you just have to try!
Clay masks are great for skin in need of a deep cleanse, and are especially suitable for oily skin. Look for the ingredient Bentonite – it’s famous for its purifying properties and for helping to control the overproduction of sebum (linked to black- and whiteheads). We recommend Pure Skin Blackhead Clearing Mask. 
Peel-off masks became an Internet phenomenon early 2017, as thousands of people watched beauty bloggers empty their pores all over YouTube. If that didn’t scare you off, we recommend you try one. Their exfoliating properties and ability to remove dead skin cells are second to none. Plus, it’s fun to peel them off! Try the Love Nature Peel-off Mask Grape. 
Face masks can be beautifying in different ways. Compared to the cleansing masks above, gel masks are designed to cool and hydrate your skin, leaving it feeling fresh. We suggest you try the Love Nature Gel Mask Cucumber – it energises the skin. 
Looking refreshed has never been easier. With overnight masks your skin will get all the nutrients it needs to look fab in the morning. We adore the NovAge Intense Recharge Overnight Mask – it’s like 8 hours of beauty sleep in a jar and intensively reduces any signs of fatigue. 
With the Korean Beauty craze, sheet masks have become increasingly popular. And it’s easy to see why. These light sheets are soaked in beautifying substances and are super-easy to use. Just whip it out and put in on a clean face. Done! Our favourite is the NovAge Bright Sublime Brightening Cloth Mask for a hydrated and luminous complexion.
Brittle, dry ends and greasy roots – hello, winter hair! The chilly temperatures and frequent use of hats and scarves don’t do your locks any favours. But don’t fret - here are some tips for how to beat the cold and tame your locks!
MAKE FRIENDS WITH LEAVE-IN CONDITIONER 
The bitter cold and harsh winds can cause your hair to lose serious moisture, thus making it hard to style. To help retain moisture and keep your hair healthy, invest in a leave-in conditioner. Your strands will thank you.
Just because it’s cold out, doesn’t mean you should quit your usual beauty regime! Since your ends get just as worn down in winter, regular trims will help keep your hair in tip-top shape.
WHEN IT SLEETS, USE A HAIRSPRAY 
Hair spray is the best moisture repellent there is. So, make sure you spray your hair if there’s a risk for sleeting snow and rain. Opt for a light or firm hold – depending on what you prefer. The best part? It brushes out easily. 
WEAR YOUR HAT (WITH CAUTION) 
Although your usual cold-weather cap may be cute, it can also flatten your hair. On days where you simply must don a knitted hat, do a little backcomb thru the crown. This gives your style a strong base, allowing you to quickly fluff up your hair when you take off the hat. 
Naturally, you should continue using your usual shampoo and conditioner, but don’t forget to treat your hair to a luxurious mask or hair oil that will add shine, hydration and richness.
You want to surprise your man with a new perfume, but find it hard to choose a scent. How will you know if it suits him? Don't worry! We have created the perfect guide to help you select a fragrance based on his personality. Keep reading to find out more!
He’s a traditional and confident man who loves the classics. Perfume helps him feel empowered and fresh, both at work and in his spare time. So go for an aromatic and refreshing scent with a truly masculine feel. 
His fragrance families: Aromatic and Citrus 
Fragrances for him: Eclat Homme 
He’s a fashionable trendsetter who loves to stand out in a crowd. No wonder he wants a unique, vibrant perfume that leaves a lasting impression. Choose an edgy perfume with woody notes and fruit or grass for an unforgettable scent. 
His fragrance families: Woody and Aromatic 
Fragrances for him: Possess Man, Flamboyant 
He’s a charismatic, creative man with sophisticated taste. Wearing perfume is a way for him to indulge the senses and feel more attractive. His ideal perfumes are exotic, aromatic and mysterious. 
His fragrance families: Oriental and Woddy 
Fragrances for him: Giordani Gold Man, Happydisiac, So Fever for Him 
He’s a laid-back, relaxed man with an appetite for adventure. So, he wears perfume to feel good and get a dose of stimulating energy every day. Look for light perfumes with a natural touch and clean scent. 
His fragrance families: Citrus and Woody 
Fragrances for him: Men’s Collection Citrus Tonic, Men’s Collection Dark Wood
However important, drinking water and moisturising aren't exactly revolutionising concepts to anyone. But there are habits, you might not think of, that need equal attention. So, here's a list of five NEW skin care resolutions you really should keep!
Don’t have a routine yet? Then it’s time to commit to one. The Oriflame Youth Enhancing Skin Care Routine is clinically proven to give you the best effect from your products, and will only take two minutes of your time! It consists of four simple steps: cleanse, eyes, boost and moisture. It couldn’t be easier, so start today! 
2. PROTECT YOUR SKIN FROM POLLUTION
Wearing UV-protection all year around is crucial to protect your skin. But, sunshine isn’t the only villain when it comes to premature ageing and damaged skin. We’re living in an increasingly polluted environment and it gives us uneven skin tone, dark spots and dry skin. So make sure you promise to protect your skin in 2017. 
We recommend: NovAge Day Cream SPF20 
3. THINK OF BEAUTY FROM THE INSIDE OUT
Inner beauty is getting a whole new meaning, when we look at the beauty trends for next year. Using quality skin care products is obviously great for your skin, but it’s not the only way to achieve a healthy look. Supplements can improve your skin’s elasticity and moisture, and reduce UV-damage and wrinkles. Try it for 2017! 
4. LET YOUR SLEEP WORK FOR YOU
Getting your eight hours is essential for healthy looking skin. This is where your cells work their hardest to repair and detox your skin. But you can always give your body a hand by applying products designed for night-time use. First, you should always use a night cream as a part of your routine. Second, you can try sleeping masks and packs, that you leave on overnight, for instant short-term results. 
5. BE IN IT FOR THE LONG RUN 
Your fifth and final resolution is a long-term one. This is where you need to decide that your skin is worth investing in, in order to secure future beauty. Investigate what skin care issues occur at your age, and adapt your product selection after your findings. And don’t cheat yourself out of using quality products. Your future self will thank you!
It’s sales season and we’re all looking to make a bargain! But it’s so easy to end up with a bunch of stuff that you don’t need or use. So what should you consider when shopping the sales? Here’s a quick guide.
Before buying anything new, give your makeup bag a clear-out. Throw away any broken or out-of-date products, and get rid of anything you haven’t worn in a long time. Then see what’s missing. Make a list of what you need and focus on getting those products. This will help you curb any impulse spending.
It’s fun to experiment with new shades and products, particularly when a lower price removes some of the risk. But always ask yourself: “Will I actually use this?” If you’re doubtful, don’t shop it. It’s not a bargain if you never use it. 
Struggling to choose between two or three products? Ask your Oriflame Consultant for their advice. Their job is to be experts in all of the products available to you, and to understand your personal taste and needs. 
Still unsure? Read an online review. Reviews are honest and impartial feedback left by other customers online. It’s a great way to check if the product’s right for you. 
Percentage discounts always grab the eye, but don’t forget about offers – sometimes these provide even better value for money. 
Signing up for emails and following Oriflame on social media (@oriflame) will help you keep up-to-date with products when they go on offer. 
Decide how much money you are willing to spend in the sales and stick to that. It’s not worth getting a shock at the end of the month! 
Some products never go into sale. If you’ve been lusting after a new skin care set, don’t splurge during the sales on something else. Instead, put that money aside and save up for the products you really want.
It’s a new year and you’re looking for a new scent. What better way than to ask the stars to select the best-suited scent for your sign.
ARIES (March 21 – April 19) 
Aries, you have a restless energy and you sometimes take on too much. Of all the signs, you are the most motivated and driven. You’re also known for your fiery temperament and passion and you possess a youthful strength and energy. Match your passionate energy with Giordani Gold Essenza Parfum infused with the scent of the Italian neroli flower that casts a sparkling glow of confidence, irresistible vitality and a twist of easy sophistication. 
TAURUS (April 20 - May 20) 
Balance is your favourite thing dear Taurus. Your sensitivity makes you seek out harmony in all aspects of life. Your star sign is ruled by Venus, making relationships very important to you. You are loyal, generous and a loving and reliable friend. With your appreciation for nuance and finer details you want a fragrance that gives sensory pleasure to you as well as the people around you, you should wear Love Potion.
GEMINI (May 21 – June 20) 
You Gemini, are the liveliest of all the star signs. You have a love for innovation and an unmatched curiosity for life. You can be unpredictable, but this changeable temperament also brings adaptability, an affectionate temperament and charisma. Being an air sign your vibrant nature should be complemented by a bright fragrance with light floral notes. Go for Memories chasing butterflies EdT that expresses the fresh and dewy scent the flower tuberose has at dawn.
CANCER (June 21 – July 22) 
Cancer, you are the ultimate nurturer of the zodiac signs. You love your home and value alone time. Ruled by the moon, you are the most committed to friends, and always there with sympathy and advice when they need you. You’re caring, and want a fragrance that is gentle and feminine. Try Eclat Femme which combines radiant flower bouquets with subtle woody notes.
LEO (July 23 – August 22) 
Leo, you are the most dramatic of all the star signs. You are opinionated, and let’s face it; you never shy away from conflict. You are a natural leader of the pack and you love being the centre of attention. However, beneath your big exterior sits a generous and loving person. You are not afraid of bold, exceptional scents so you should try Divine, with a scent of white musk and sandalwood to continue feeling like your glamorous and confident self. 
VIRGO (August 23 – September 21) 
Virgo, you are very sensitive in mind, body and spirit, and to top it off you are a
perfectionist at heart. You have an analytical mind, and you like to observe and help others. You’re an earth sign and an open lover of all the simplest pleasures. Your reliable nature is also romantic, so a fragrance like Seductive Musk EdT with feminine rose, sexy musk and soft cashmeran mingle beautifully for an unforgettable scent. 
LIBRA (September 22 – October 23) 
Libra, you are known for being nice to everyone you meet. You possess a natural charm, and you usually get what you want by assessing the situation intellectually, and by encouraging others to cooperate. Well-balanced and just, you are a lover of the open-air and nature. Ruled by Venus, you are a romantic at heart and search for beauty in all you do. Your perfect scent could just be Happydisiac with wild strawberries and uplifting floral notes. 
SCORPIO (October 24 – November 21) 
Scorpio, you are a deep, intense sign with a lot of mystery surrounding you. You’re brave and dependable, decisive and stubborn. Out of all of the Zodiacs you are the best at keeping secrets, but your calm disposition also masks a passionate core. Your mysterious nature calls for a bold and powerful scent like Giordani Gold EdP bursting with vibrant gourmand
notes inspired by glossy raspberry.
SAGITTARIUS (November 22 – December 21) 
Sagittarius, you are independent with a talent for adapting to any culture or situation, but you’re not too fond of responsibility or work. Sagittarians are optimists and thrives on exploration. With an adventurous mind you have a love for the outdoors and your scent light suit your lively nature. With Women's Collection Innocent White Lilac you’ll feel like you’re in a garden in full bloom.
CAPRICORN (December 22 – January 19) 
Capricorn, you are a true traditionalist. You like to be responsible and to be taken seriously. As an Earth sign, you are well grounded and independent, intolerant at times. With your love for tradition and sophistication your fragrance has to walk the talk. There’s no better choice than a classic but luxurious orange blossom scent like Essenza from Giordani Gold.
AQUARIUS (January 20 – February 18) 
Aquarius you play by your own rules. Since your strongest attribute is individuality, your ideal scent is something unique. Because your element is Air, you hate to be held back and constrained, and at times this can make you over-sensitive. Putting on perfume is like a statement for you. So stand out, and continue being unique with the bold wood and floral scented perfume Seductive Musk EdT. 
PISCES (February 19 – March 20) 
Pisces, you have a deep and mysterious intrigue about you and possess a naturally artistic sense of creativity. You express your emotions freely, but at times you can get so involved, that you melt into whatever you attach yourself to. As a water sign you are drawn to the ocean, so ECLAT Mademoiselle with white Hibiscus and subtle watery notes will make you feel right at home.
When fine lines turn into wrinkles you can no longer fix with a good night’s sleep and a simple moisturiser, it’s time to find some new strategies!
Collagen fibres act a bit like scaffolding – they keep our skin dense, firm and smooth. As you get older your natural collagen production slows down, which means the scaffolding gets weaker, visible as wrinkles. The good news is that you can boost your collagen levels! 
Lots of ingredients claim to boost collagen, but Peptides are one of the most interesting – but there are hundreds of different peptides that offer different benefits. 
Patented Tri-Peptide Technology is a best-in-class combination of three different peptides extracted from Wheat, Rice and Yeast, which offer excellent collagen-boosting activity. 
Along with the collagen structure, molecules of moisture-retaining Hyaluronic Acid (HA) help keep the skin beautifully hydrated and smooth. But just like collagen, your natural supply reduces as you get older. Simply boosting this vital hydration source can instantly help to plump out wrinkles. 
HA is found in lots of skin care products but often as large molecules which can’t be absorbed by the skin. Look out for Low Molecular Weight Hyaluronic Acid – its smaller molecules are more readily absorbed to reach beyond the skin’s surface. 
3- Protect collagen and hydration 
Aggressors in the skin can damage collagen and hyaluronic acid and cause them to break down. Like a guardian of youth, Edelweiss Plant Stem Cell Extract is known to protect both the collagen and hyaluronic acid in the skin from degrading, to help slow the development of wrinkles. 
If you want to experience the effect of these ingredients, check out Ecollagen Wrinkle Power – the set contains all three and instantly reduces wrinkles by up to 49% - clinically proven!
High heels, sandals, bare feet. Summer is approaching and hotter weather means open shoes. So, take the time to invest in a good foot care ritual for impeccably beautiful feet.
Foot baths are not only relaxing, but also great to keep your feet looking fab. Pour warm water and bath soak into a basin, and let your feet soak for at least 10 minutes. Luxe it up, by investing in an electric foot bath with massage features. 
Take a foot file or pumice brush and carefully file rough and callused skin. This is normally found on your heels, the ball of the big toe and the big toe itself. Once the skin feels softer, use a foot scrub to remove the dead skin. 
After soaking and filing your feet, they will need moisture to avoid cracks in the skin. There are plenty of creams to choose from, so select one that suits your needs. If you have dry or itchy skin go for a heavier cream, preferably under cotton socks overnight. But if you have issues with odour, choose an anti-perspirant cream. 
Cut your toenails straight across, to prevent ingrown nails, and leave a small strip of white tip. Then use a file to make the edges somewhat softer. Once you’re satisfied with the look, paint your nails to get that salon-worthy result. Remember to always start with a base coat to protect your nails from discolouring and a top coatto make the polish last longer. 
Let’s be honest, everyone’s feet smell - especially in summer! But there are products you can use to avoid embarrassing odours. We offer a number of foot sprays, from reviving sprays with a cooling effect, to straight up deodorant with clinically proven results. Just pick the one for you!
There's a new trend in fragrance where perfumes focus on a single floral scent. But how do you know which floral suits you? Read our guide to find out!
Florals don’t just appeal to the female nose, they’re also at the heart of many men’s colognes. Take lavender – a scent that’s herbal characteristics are well-known to relieve stress and improve mood. If you’re looking for an aroma that’s synonymous with nature and the great outdoors, try Men's Collection Cool Lavender Eau de Toilette. 
Rose is one of perfume’s most versatile notes. It can be light and pretty or dark and seductive, depending on what other notes it’s paired with. But it’s the rose’s honeyed warmth that makes it recognisable in some of our favourite perfumes. If rose is the most dominant note, you can expect a scent that is uplifting and romantic. Sounds like you? Then try Volare Eau de Parfum or Volare Forever Eau de Parfum. 
Imagine walking into a garden in full bloom. Those soft, powdery, ultra-feminine notes are what you’ll find in a lilac based scent. Women’s Collection Innocent White Lilac is a springtime favourite. 
Even the most delicate of jasmine fragrances radiates seduction. Sometimes called “lady of the night” the evergreen shrub only flowers at night adding to its mystery. If you want a fragrance where jasmine’s velvety qualities are most-pronounced, try Paradise Eau de Toilette. 
At once floral and woody, the elegant orange blossom has a timeless quality that radiates luxury. Capture the essence of this delicate flower with Giordani Gold Original Eau de Parfum.
Floral fragrances aren’t always pretty. Patchouli, for example, has an earthy, intoxicating aroma that can overwhelm some noses. Perfect for the confident woman or man, you’ll find this warm and spicy floral at the heart of Possess Eau de Toilette.
Most people know it's crucial to wear sunscreen on sunny holidays, but did you know that damaging UV rays affect your skin all year around? Here’s a guide on how to protect your skin every season.
In the start of spring, the intensity of UV radiation increases quicker than at any other time of the year. This is also the time of year where your skin has the lowest amount of melanin, and is therefore extra vulnerable to UV radiation. 
As humidity and temperatures increase, the skin’s natural oil production increases as well. Use lighter skin care products and at least an SPF 15 (depending on your skin type). We recommend using a Sun Zone Lotion under your day cream or replace them both with a high-performing cream. 
Cover up. Wear a broad-brimmed hat, long-sleeved shirts and long pants until your skin has adapted to the new weather. Tips: If you can see light through a fabric, UV rays can get through too. 
Summer brings longer days and maximal UV radiation – a combination that is sure to increase your daily UV exposure. The good news is that your melanin levels have increased throughout spring, which gives you some built-in defence. Still, sunscreen is vital to protect your skin from ageing and damage that can lead to dark spots, wrinkles, and possibly skin cancer. 
Use a water-resistant broad spectrum sunscreen with an SPF of 30 or higher, when swimming or spending long hours doing outdoor activities. Apply it generously to exposed skin - don’t forget your ears, neck, hands or feet. We recommend any of the Sun Zone products. 
Wear UV-blocking sunglasses with large frames to protect your eyelids and the delicate skin around your eyes. 
Remember that there’s no such thing as a healthy tan. A tan is your skin’s response to the sun’s harmful rays. Don’t spend hours basking in the sun! 
Although clouds can help reduce heat from reaching the earth, they cannot prevent all of the sun’s UV radiation. So even when it’s cloudy, cover up and apply sunscreen to all exposed skin. 
Due to falling temperatures and indoor heating your skin gets drier, starting with the surface. And if the UV damage that occurs in spring and summer has led to a thicker corneous layer, then your skin won’t be sufficiently moisturised from the inside either. 
Care for your skin by addressing the thickened corneous layer through gentle peeling, massage etc. It is also important to be diligent about moisture care. Make sure you follow the full routine morning and evening. 
Your skin is more susceptible to dryness in winter, than at any other times of the year. This is due to different elements such as cold, biting winds, and dehydrating indoor heating. 
You might think that UV radiation isn’t a problem during this time, but you’d be very wrong! The snow and ice actually reflects UV radiation which means that you have twice the exposure: both direct and indirect (reflective). It has been claimed that snow can reflect up to 80 % of UV radiation, while sand can reflect up to 25 %. So don’t put away your sunscreen! 
If you’re mostly indoors you can choose sunscreen, primer and foundation or a foundation that with SPF 20 or below. 
If you’re into winter activities like skiing and snowboarding, you will be exposed to reflective UV radiation. So up your sunscreen to SPF 50 – we recommend Sun Zone UV Protector Face and Exposed Areas SPF 50 High. 
Wind burnt lips can be a pain, so prevent it with a soothing lip balm with SPF!
Ever seen a beautiful shade of lipstick on a friend, only to find that it looks awful on you? Well, you’re not alone! Determining which shade suits you best takes more than just finding a pretty colour. Lipsticks look very different on different people, due to the undertone of our skin. So, keep reading to find your skin tone and the best shades to match!
Your skin is very pale (almost translucent) and may have some freckles or redness. You easily burn in the sun, and tend to get red before you go tan. An easy trick to see if your skin tone is cool, is to look at the veins in your wrist. If they look blue then you know. You can also tell by doing the jewellery test – cool skin tones look better in silver than gold. 
Now, to the big question – what colours suit you best? With a cool tone you should go for lipstick shades with blue or purple undertones. So, when you choose a red lip, steer away from the orangey shades and move more toward the deep bluish reds. Also, be careful with shades that are too light - they can make you look washed out. However, you will look radiant in bold, deep colours that provide contrast to your skin tone. 
We think you’d look stunning in: Giordani Gold Iconic Matte Lipstick  
Your skin is medium dark and tends to tan easily. It’s not uncommon for you to look tan in winter too. You could also have very dark skin that never gets sunburned. Looking at your wrist, your veins have a greenish colour. And if you do the jewellery test, then gold complements your skin better than what silver does. 
So, what lipstick shades suit warm tones? The rule is fairly easy: warm colours look best on you. For red shades that means intensely red and orangey colours. If your skin tone is very dark, choose a berry lip colour or a bold, dark shade to amp up your look. 
We think you’d look stunning in: The ONE Colour Stylist – Coral Ideal 
If you have difficulty deciding whether your veins are blue or green, you’re likely to have a neutral skin tone. And if this is the case – then lucky you! This means that you can choose colours from both the cool and warm spectrum. That means any colour you want! People with olive skin tend to have neutral undertones. 
Like we mentioned above, neutral skin tones look good with a wide range of colours. If you feel like your skin tone has more of an olive look, then pinks, nudes and corals will suit you well. 
We think you’d look stunning in: The ONE Colour Stylist – Warm Nude 
And one last thing. What lipstick shade you wear is ultimately up to you. If you feel like you look your best in a coral shade, but just learned that it goes against the “rules” - ignore them! You do you. At the end of the day, we all feel our prettiest when we’re the most confident!
Up the self-love and give yourself (and your skin) a proper treat. These are four ways to love the skin you’re in by spoiling it a little extra.
Giving your skin a deep cleanse, at least once a week, is a great way to show it some extra love. By exfoliating you remove dead skin cells, which improves texture, evens out the skin tone and helps to prevent breakouts. 
We recommend: NovAge Exfoliating Scrub 
If you’re not massaging your face, we suggest you start. Like now! It will help improve blood and oxygen flow, drain toxin build-up and is incredibly relaxing. Just remember to never massage dry skin - use a facial oil to avoid irritation. Also, use upwards strokes to get that naturally lifted appearance. 
We recommend: Skinpro Cleansing System 
Perhaps the most commonly used skin treat, facial masks are great to add a little at-home luxury to your routine. There’s a number of different masks you can choose from - depending on your skin’s needs; clay for oily skin, Aloe Vera for dry skin and so on. You can even try multi-masking to address several issues at once. 
We recommend: Love Nature 
Your skin deserves the best, and if there is one premium product worth splurging on it’s facial oil. Oils quickly add antioxidants, vitamins and moisture for all skin types and leave your skin glowing. Layer it under your moisturiser or use as part of your new massage routine. 
We recommend: Royal Velvet Ultra Firming Capsules
For a truly unique, frosted winter look, take inspiration from the mythical Ice Queen: winter’s steely and elegant heroine.
Ice queens truly demonstrate the essence of an icy winter through their enigmatic look, capturing cool blues, bold purples, and white shimmery shades. You too can use these essential tones to create this fresh seasonal look. 
First things first - it's always about a flawless complexion. To make sure your skin is shine-free and even, consider a loose powder for a perfect finish that will carry you through the bright light of day, to the darker drawing in of the night.
For eyes that really evoke an icy appeal, try a shadow in a powdery blue for a softer look, or a deep, daring purple for a bit more drama. Punctuate the eye effect even further with some jet black Mascara - you want to create some serious volume that lasts, even when the temperature drops!
A pale pink lipstick gets the fully frosted effect, and you're just about ready to take on the cooler months. Now it's just about summoning that steely confidence and finding your inner femme fatale - you're graceful and refined, but also mysterious with a hint of danger!
Whether it’s Katniss ‘au naturel’ beauty or the audacious styling of Capitol’s queens, Catching Fire is full of fashion-forward beauty looks to inspire.
Katniss is all about the braids – whether twisted to one side or bound up like a crown, the Katniss look also cropped up this season at Valentino and Viktor & Rolf. It’s not going away either – alongside the new Catching Fire film, it reappears for SS14 at Moschino, so be prepared with a good stock of finishing spray! The truth is, we all want a slice of that legendary lady’s style!
Katniss’ nod to the Capitol styling in Catching Fire is, of course, a smoky with a flash of metallic. Thankfully, a wearable version of this look appeared at Roberto Cavalli, Gucci and Lanvin for AW13 – blend one colour across the lid with a soft brush, and a darker hue along the upper lashline, under the lower lashline and into the socket with an angled brush. Dab a metallic powder on the lid’s centre with your fingertip.
In comparison to the Capitol’s outlandish makeup looks, Katniss’ beauty is natural and wholesome, as pure as her personality. Jennifer Lawrence is known for this dewy, youthful look off-screen too. Her secret? Illuminating highlighter. Gently brush over your brow and cheek bones.
Effie Trinket may not be everyone’s beauty icon, but she sure rocks an embellished nail! From metallic ombre paint jobs to bejewelled nail art, it’s a part of Capitol fashion we can all enjoy. For the ombre look, simply start with a base colour then use a cosmetic sponge to apply a second colour to the tips – easy!
Every year, Hollywood kicks off awards season with the Golden Globes, where film and television stars mingle on the red carpet, dressed to wow and done-up to perfection. Here, we take a closer look at some of the night’s hottest off-screen beauty looks.
1  Amy Adams, the star of American Hustle, took home the Globe for Best Actress in a motion picture in a Grecian-meets-boho updo, paired with a 1970s bronzed makeup palette - a subtle, modern update to her character's super-retro style in the film. To achieve that all-American glow at home, start with a light, fluid foundation. Then, it's time to bronze, but keep it to an ultra-light dusting on the cheekbones and tip of the nose. Finish the look with a shimmery, earthy shadow and off-black liner, add a nude lip, and you'll be ready to boogie.
2  The ever-charming Jennifer Lawrence, another winner thanks to American Hustle, opted for a darker, plummy lip and shimmery grey shadow to accompany her exquisite strapless Dior. If, like Lawrence, you’re looking to depart from a pinker palette, this is just the update for you. Choose a shadow trio with a mix of light and dark greys, and tie the smoky blend together with a black kohl pencil and high-definition mascara. Take a cue from the starlette and pair a similarly vampy nail polish with your lipstick to complete this sophisticated evening look.
3  Sporting an elegant, side-parted ponytail, a smoky eye, and a pop of colour on her lips and cheeks, Sandra Bullock was another beauty best of the night. To get the look of the age-defying Gravity actress, choose sugary pink hues to frost your lips and cheeks for a casual but elegant look. A mix of jet black liner and high-definition mascara, combined with a silvery brown shadow, will make sure your eyes pop, too.
Inspired? Tell us which winning looks you’ll be trying on at home!
Last month Oriflame was honoured for our commitment to sustainability at the Rainforest Alliance Annual Gala in New York City. Get inspired by these eco-friendly stars’ style and recreate their looks for this summer’s hot party nights!
Sun-kissed skin, blonde locks, golden shimmery cheeks and shiny accessories; we spotted some of this summer’s key trends as we mingled with A-list celebrities and the top of the sustainability crop.
We were especially mesmerised by the beauty of eco-fashion guru Livia Firth and model Gisele Bündchen (Bündchen is on the Rainforest Alliance’s Board of Directors ). 
The Brazilian supermodel went for a natural, sun-kissed party look. Plump for gold-shimmered skin, bronzy lids and nude lips; clean, lustrous and radiant makeup will make you the belle of the ball.
Start by applying a primer. Cover any flaws with a concealer and finish with a lightweight foundation. Brush gold-toned bronzing powder over your cheekbones, dab gloss on your lips and – voilà! Choose shimmery accessories to match the look.
The world-famous model wore a sweeping evening gown in an organic hemp and silk blend, made just for her.
We’re inspired by Livia Firth, founder of the Green Carpet Challenge. The Italian beauty has ‘eco-fied’ red carpet events worldwide since 2009 by pairing celebrities with environmentally responsible ensembles from the world’s top designers. We especially loved Firth’s long hair.
Get her glamorous green-carpet look in a flash! Dampen hair with a heat protecting spray and set with hot rollers. Brush out, shape curls and waves with your fingers, and fix with spray.
Livia sported a green dress made from recycled PET bottles!
The Sustainable Standard-Setter Award honours businesses and individuals that champion sustainability efforts, protect the environment and support local communities worldwide.
The Rainforest Alliance is a global sustainability non-profit organisation.
We love Australian actress Margot Robbie’s feminine style. Learn how to get her natural makeup look.
Martin Scorsese’s The Wolf of Wall Street is undoubtedly this winter’s most anticipated film—so who better to look to than its leading lady for beauty cues to ring in a bright and healthy new year? Australian Margot Robbie plays the irresistible love interest of Leonardo DiCaprio’s Jordan Belfort, a hard-partying stock swindler who scammed Wall Street out of millions in the 1990’s.
Robbie dolled-up for her seductive, break-out role, but her off-screen look is approachably sexy and all about strong brows, kissable lips, and flawless skin. To learn how to channel Robbie’s femme-fatale-next-door, we caught up with London-based make-up artist Maxine Leonard, who’s worked with A-listers from Keira Knightly to Jennifer Aniston.
Envious of Robbie’s bold brows that create just the right contrast to her blond locks? “Use a brow palette or pencil to fill in any gaps,” says Leonard, “then brush through with a comb to blend product into the hairs, and set the brow with a gel or a wax to ensure the shape remains in place.”
When it comes to lipstick, Robbie tends to forego the Hollywood staple: crimson red. Indeed, Robbie’s pout is often kissably hued in a subtler, pinker palette and Leonard recommends that we all take a page from her book and use rich pinks this time of year, as they’re softer against pale, winter skin.
Speaking of skin, Leonard credits Robbie’s flawless glow to a good skincare routine, but a bit of concealer goes a long way too! Dab onto the cheekbones, the center of the nose and just under the chin. “This opens up the face and creates natural highlights,” explains Leonard, “it’s an easy way to freshen up tired winter skin, and it’s definitely the key to Robbie’s gorgeous look!”
Be inspired by the Homeland star’s porcelain skin and subtle, classically accentuated eyes and create a winning look for the office party or family reunion!
Smooth an illuminating foundation over the skin. Use clean fingers or a foundation brush and carefully work in the product to get the lightest, most refined result possible. Cover any spots with a concealer in the same shade as your base. For a wide-awake look (everyday magic!), dot concealer in a slightly lighter shade at the inner and outer corners of your eyes and above the lids.
Use a medium-sized powder brush and set the base by sweeping a light layer of translucent powder across your forehead, bridge of your nose, chin, eyelids, and the sides of your cheeks. Dip a smaller, soft blush brush into a shimmery pale pink blush (brush off the excess on the back of your hand) and apply with a light, circular motion to the apples of your cheeks. For the ultimate porcelain skin: dip a clean finger into a light-reflecting powder and stroke it along your cheekbones and the bridge of your nose.
Sweep a shimmery shadow in pale grey, dove blue, or silver grey across your lids, preferably with a small, soft, round eye shadow brush. Widen your eyes by dotting a light-reflecting powder at the inner corner of your lids. Use a dark grey or black liner pen to line inside your lower lashes. To further accentuate the eyes, line your upper lids in black along the lashline. Keep the modern feel by skipping the cat’s-eye and lining only to the end of the lid.
Curl your lashes in three squeezes (inside corner, middle and outside corner at the lashline). Apply black lengthening and separating mascara to the upper and lower lashes. Paint your lips with hydrating lipstick in deliciously fruity raspberry pink or strawberry red. For a true Red Carpet finish, complete the look with sheer lip gloss.
Match the makeup with a hairstyle that feels natural but still styled. Work a volumising mousse into the roots and blow dry at medium heat, brushing the strands as you go for a beautiful finish. Finally, rub a few drops of gloss serum into the palms of your hands and smooth through your hair from roots to ends. Apply hair spray to hold the style.
She’s one of the most famous models in the world, known for her boho chic and feminine look. We are so inspired by the radiant Brazilian beauty Gisele Bündchen. Get her stunning natural beauty look today!
When Brazilian bombshell Gisele Bündchen shows up on the catwalk or the red carpet, time stands still. Her hair – like liquid gold – Gisele’s radiant, natural complexion, and her toned, beautiful figure inspire women all over the world. Her signature style, natural beauty combined with easy elegance, is synonymous with her personal philosophy: it’s a glamorous and relaxed beauty look that works equally well at A-lister parties as out on the sands. Learn the tricks behind her magical beauty formula and create Gisele’s beauty look at home today!
THE GLORIOUS – AND EASY – HAIR
Get Gisele’s carelessly glamorous volume! Start with a volumising shampoo followed by a moisturising conditioner. Towel dry; apply volumising spray evenly through your hair, and comb through before blow-drying (don’t forget to use a heat-protective spray!). Bend forwards and scrunch a little mousse in, then throw your hair back. Instead of brushing, just finger-comb the roots. Voilà!
THE RADIANT – AND NATURAL – SKIN
Nude but sun-kissed – Gisele’s natural look is what we all want, but it takes a little practice. The trick is to create a lustrous complexion with a no-makeup feel. Start with a primer to create the perfect matt, velvety base; dab concealer over any little flaws and then apply a lightweight, illuminating foundation. Sweep bronzer across your cheeks and black mascara onto your top and bottom lashes. Finish the look with a clear gloss or lip balm.
There’s no denying the influence the Kardashians have had on style and beauty. But lately we’ve seen interest shift towards the family’s two youngest sisters – top model Kendall and edgy entrepreneur Kylie. These bright and fresh faces are dazzling the world with their flawless complexions, dramatic beauty looks and pioneering fashion statements – here’s how you can too.
Kendall’s Smouldering Eyes
Kendall loves bold, dramatic eye makeup – here’s how to recreate her signature red carpet beauty look. 
Start by applying a luminous, gold eyeshadow over your whole eyelid - fill in all the way up to your eyebrows. 
Then, apply a creamy eyeshadow in copper tones to your eye socket. Use the same colour to trace your lower eyelash line. 
Now take a third shade. Use a chocolate coloured eye shadow and apply to the outer edges of your eyelid – this creates that smoky effect. 
Take a dark eyeliner pencil, line your upper and lower lash lines – lean your elbow on a table to keep a steady hand! 
Finally for that dramatic finishing touch, gently curl your eyelashes. Complete the look with several thick coats of black mascara. 
Kylie has the most talked about lips of the moment. She’s got the perfect, showstopping pout – and now so can you. 
Start by applying a concealer to your lips –you want to create a neutral canvas. 
Now, take a sharp lip pencil and trace a slightly wider lip than your own. Start from the outer corners and smoothly draw to the centre. 
Take the same lip pencil and colour in your top and bottom lips. 
Select a lipstick – Kylie’s is rose-brown - and smooth over your fuller pout - always pick a shade that suits your complexion. 
A centre parting can give your face a fresh lift, it requires minimal effort, but can achieve maximum impact! 
Divide wet hair into a centre parting. 
Apply a small amount of hair cream to the roots, then comb it through your hair whilst blow drying. If you want a bit of volume, gently lift the roots with your fingers as you dry it. 
Once dry, either pull back into a low ponytail applying glossy hair spray, or tuck behind your ears.
With the festival of lights just around the corner, it’s time to start planning a beauty look that’s as lustrous as the occasion. Radiant skin, eyes that sparkle and high-impact lips are guaranteed to dazzle this Diwali.
A radiant base can only be achieved with well-prepped skin. After cleansing and toning, apply a nourishing moisturiser, followed by a primer. Blending a primer over your face and neck will smooth your skin, helping makeup last for longer. 
Use a concealer to cover-up bags, blemishes and any discolouration. A tip from the pros is to use a concealer in nude pink to naturally highlight your cheek and brow bones. Blendfoundation over your entire face and neck and finish with a light dusting of powder to mattify your base. Finally use a large brush to apply a bronzer, using swift circular motions – we love bronzing pearls for creating a shimmering effect.
What you’ll need: True Perfection Perfecting Day Moisturiser, The One Illuskin Primer, Concealer and Powder, The One Everlasting Foundation and Giordani Gold Bronzing Pearls.
”As it's the Festival of light, you want eye makeup that twinkles and glitters..”
As it’s the Festival of Light, you want eye makeup that twinkles and glitters. Apply a cream-based rose gold eye shadow to your eyelids, adding definition with a darker shade at the crease and at the outer corners. 
Create a dramatic cat-eye, lining your upper lashes with black liquid eyeliner and finishing with a flick. Rim your upper and lower waterline with a dark eyeliner pencil, finishing with a coat of mascara for eyes that pop!  
What you’ll need: Eyeliner Stylo Black, High Impact Eye Pencil Onyx Black, Lash Resistant Mascara, Color Impact Cream Eye Shadow in Rose Gold and Golden Brown, all by The ONE. 
Outline your lips using a lip liner that’s the same colour as your lipstick. Fill in your lips with a high-shine lipstick – we love anything with shimmer for the festive season!
What you’ll need: The ONE Colour Stylist Lip Liner Smoke Red and Power Shine Lipstick in Red Ovation.
Tidy your nails by pulling your cuticles back, removing any dirt and trimming your nails. Start with a transparent base coat to prevent staining or chipping, then once dry apply two coats of metallic nail polish – select a gold colour to match your eye makeup. Finish with a topcoat and you’re ready to celebrate in dazzling Diwali style!
What you’ll need: Very Me Metallic Nail Polish Gold Rush and The ONE Base & Top Coat
A matte finish can easily end up feeling flat and dull, but don’t worry; you don’t have to end up looking like dry cake. These products won’t dim your light, but rather leave you looking like a delicate sweet snack!
Start off with applying a velvet matte eye shadow to bring out your eyes and sculpt your lids. A rich colour like Soft Plum will bring out green eyes, whilst Creamy Taupe will make blue and brown eyes pop a little extra. Finish off with Dusky Pink under and above the brows for a subtle glow. 
A subtle lid colour is best complimented with a contrasting frame, so time to lavish up your lashes and go for volume and length. Curl your lashes for a solid ten seconds, then apply a water-resistant formula like The ONE No Compromise for a dramatic look that lasts all day. 
3. Set and tone your base 
Base matters! This look wouldn’t be anything without a flawless canvas. After applying your favourite foundation and concealer, set it with The ONE IlluSkin Powder for a velvety matte base. When all is done, apply The ONE IlluSkin Blush to get that that perfect fresh hint of colour on your cheeks. 
Put the M in matte and finish your look by applying The ONE Lip Sensation Matte Mousse in Toffee Cream or a colourful lip elixir to complete your look with a full coverage striking lip. Go get em’ tiger!
It's party season! Here are four looks you just have to try.
Glitter lips have been building as a makeup trend for a while now, and its officially the season to wear it! The striking new look started popping up at Fashion shows a year ago, and we're seeing more and more celebrities and Instagram stars wearing sparkles. Create your own statement look with the The One Lip Sensation. 
Metallics are back in a big way - from soft shimmer shadows to major impact glitters. But wearing statement metallics isn’t for everyone, which is why we’re obsessed with the creamy eye shadow crayons from The ONE. All you have to do is colour your lids and run out the door. The soft sheen is an easy-to-wear party look and will last you all night long! 
Don’t forget about your festive manicure! Bejewelled and sparkly, glitter gives your nails texture and makes them shine bright in the night. We are currently fascinated by confetti-like glitter on top of a beige, pink or brown base. Another party favourite is the reversed French manicure or “glitter tips”. Dazzling indeed! 
Is glitter and metallics not your thing? Then colour might be the look for you. If there has ever been a time to experiment with eye make-up hues, it's now! Why not express yourself and stand out at the party by creating a colourful rainbow-ish style on your eyelids? We love the eye shadow palettes from Giordani Gold. They let you mix and match a huge range of colours!
Parisian women have always been synonymous with great style. But how can you steal some of that French je ne sais quoi for a chic look? Here are seven style rules to follow!
French women love fashion, but trust their own sense of style more than temporary fads. So dare to be yourself and invest in timeless pieces that stay relevant longer. 
A red lip is the quintessential Parisian beauty must-have. Paired with flawless skin and an otherwise bare face (or natural makeup), it’s the ultimate French look. 
In France people start wearing perfume exceptionally early, and most women would feel naked without it. So, why not try our new Paris-inspired fragrance Eclat Mademoiselle for a real French feel? There’s even a scent for him too! 
The perfect Parisian do is all about natural texture. Rather than using tons of products or tools, French women opt for air-drying and a more lived-in look. 
A fundamental part of Parisian style is the way French women carry themselves. Have confidence in yourself and trust you look good. Because you do! 
SAY NO TO FRENCH MANICURES 
Unfortunately, there’s nothing French about a French Manicure. In fact, in Paris it’s often called “American Nails”. So, if you’re serious about Parisian style, just wear a simple clear coat. 
When it comes to colour, French women prefer versatile neutral tones. Black, white, navy and nudes are essential hues your wardrobe can’t do without!
As the holidays are approaching, we want to let our hair play the lead role.
Right now, we are inspired by the boho chic tousled wavy hair à la Jane Birkin and Marianne Faithful from the sixties. On this autumn’s catwalk we saw the look at Pucci on our favourite it-model Cara Delevingne. In addition, Kate Moss and Sienna Miller rock the effortless chic style, either with long thick bangs or a centre parting with grown out bangs to frame the face.
Start by washing your hair with a volume shampoo. If you have thin hair you can use volume mousse when your hair is wet to get to the tousled and voluminous look.
Blow dry your hair, but use a heat protecting lotion to avoid damaging it, then lure your hair with a large curling iron, hold the rod up and down parallel to the hair. This way, you create soft, loose curls.
Use a hair spray over the hair to fixate it and then gently brush through, then use your fingertips to tousle your hair in a relaxed way. The loose waves need not be messy, but should also not fall perfectly.
Finish with a shine spray to give your hair the extra shine. Voila! Extra tips For the upcoming festivities, we combine the look with eyeliner and natural lipstick!
On any given day or night you want to make sure to have luscious, glossy lips. Let us show you how to achieve those lips using a few tricks of the trade.
Using a lip liner is key to defining the perfect pout. Using a lip pencil, start by outlining the base of the lip. Next, concentrate on the top lip and then the edges.
Afterwards, work on the round cupid bow of the top lip, and then use a brush to fan out the edges, and gently blend them into the outer corners on each side of the lip.
Once the lip liner’s all set, you’re ready to apply some colour. Use a very sheer lipstick but build up the colour. Start with the bottom lip, then continue to the outer corner and finally transfer to the top lip, into the cupid bow.
Now that you’ve applied lipstick, put a really juicy coat of lip-gloss on top to really make your lips pop. Make sure you apply the gloss just before you go out - you want it to be nice and fresh. Now you’re ready to hit the town with perfect, luscious lips.
A step-by-step guide to this spring’s prettiest up-do, the crown braid.
It’s the glamorous red carpet mainstay with the charm of the girl-next-door – this spring the crown braid is BACK and more beautiful than ever. A favourite with actresses like Sienna Miller and Jessica Alba, it might look like the kind of up-do that requires three pairs of hands, but it’s easy when you know how! Learn how to create this season’s most romantic hairstyle – whether the French Braid or Halo - in just a few simple steps.
1 First, wash your hair with a volumizing shampoo and conditioner, then apply a volumizing mousse to your wet hair before drying. This will add the guts and texture that stops the braid from looking flat or coming loose.
2 Use a cushion brush to form a side-parting. Take a 1-inch section of hair from the front, split into three sections and lace over one another into a traditional braid.
3  With the next braid-cycle, add in another 1-inch section of hair split into three, and keep going across the forehead to the ear.
4  Continue braiding down through the lengths. Repeat on the other side and secure both braids.
5  Gently pull the braid out to the sides to create a hair-band.
6  Coil the braids into a bun on the side at the nape of your neck and pin. Fix with hairspray.
1 Turn your head upside down and brush in a side-parting diagonally up from the nape of your neck to your crown, bringing the hair forward towards your face.
2 Start braiding from behind your ear, working it forward and framing your face with it.
3 Secure on the other side with pins and apply a fine mist of shine spray.
If you have fine hair, go for the French Braid, if it’s thick, go for the Halo! If it is difficult to do it with a mirror, get help from a friend!
Try twisting the hair before braiding – it’ll stop stands from coming loose, making it less fiddly a job!
Learn how to renew your nails for spring with our step-by-step guide! We show you the best tips and tricks for beautiful nails all season long.
Healthy nails make for quicker, longer-lasting manicures. Whether you hit the salon once a month or once a year, you can keep your tips strong, smooth and ready for the latest colours! Follow our simple step-by-step guide for this spring’s best nails.
 1 Start with a nourishing nail polish remover. Saturate a cotton pad and then press down on the nail, hold for a moment and then push down from the nail bed to the tip in a clean sweep.
2 Massage a nail butter into your cuticles and gently push them back from the nail, preferably after a bath or shower so the skin is soft and ready to roll.
3 Use a crystal nail file to shape each nail – this season is all about the squ-oval (square-oval) shape.
4 Buff up to a natural glossy shine and top with a strengthening nail food complex to support and nourish, followed by a crystal base coat to prevent staining. Apply with one stroke down the middle and one on either side for an even finish.
5 Finally, apply a topcoat to prevent peeling and breaks, et voila: gorgeous glossy nails ready to rock any colour you should fancy!
Washing your hands can strip your skin of the moisture needed to keep nails looking neat. Keep a moisturizing hand cream next to your bathroom sink so that you’ll remember to apply it everytime you wash your hands. Yes, EVERYTIME!
To combat the drying effects of air conditioning, washing and cooler climes, apply a treatment mask to your nails and an overnight hand cream before bed and wear cotton gloves to aid absorption. It’ll actually help prolong the life of your manicure.
SS14 is all about polar opposites. Either make a bold statement with a gutsy red or keep it simple with a pale pink hue. And the very chicest nail art: floating luna lines along the nail bed in white, easily drawn with a nail tip brush.
Spring is all about pastel colours and nothing captures the palette of the season quite like a pale pink, with its sweet, flirty appeal. We show you how to get that perfect pink pastel look in this step-by-step guide.
Using either a brush or your fingertips for easy application, apply a shimmery baby pink cream eye shadow. Blend in the product to make sure it’s evenly applied.
Using a kohl eyeliner, line the bottom lash, helping to exaggerate the shape of the eye. Now to finish off the look, let’s move on to the lips.
Here’s a great little trick: creamy eye shadows can actually work really well on the lips too, so when using a pink shade it’s perfect to smudge a bit into the lips for an effortless, subtle effect that really finishes off this pretty in pink look. There you have it – your perfect pink pastel look.
We met up with Oriflame’s Global Beauty Artistic Director Jonas Wramell behind the scenes of a campaign shoot with top model Zuzana G. Here you’ll find a step-by-step guide from Jonas himself on how to achieve Zuzana’s look.
Hello Jonas… tell us about the look you created today.
– I would call it a power beauty look. Defined brows and lips in focus, natural skin and eyes with depth. It’s a very ‘perfect’ look, inspired by Grace Kelly: fixed and elegant but tastefully classic.
Here we prepare and hydrate Zuzana’s skin. She’s flown in from New York so she was jetlagged and a little dehydrated. I popped plenty of day cream over her face and let that sink in while we did her hair.
The hair was prepped with a heat protecting spray before blow-drying. You can see how we blow-dry the hair with a large roller brush, using a volume spray for a beautiful bounce. You blow-dry the roots in the wrong direction to create volume. After that we rolled broad sections of hair with a large curling iron.
Step three is the foundation. I use a foundation which is colour-leveling but also gives luster. Sometimes reflective foundation can look a little oily in pictures; to prevent that I use a small eyeshadow brush and dip it in loose powder and apply on certain parts of the face in the t-zone.
Then I start with the brows. I use our eyebrow kit, and choose the darkest colour to get density. Then I apply eyebrow gel, and finally I use an eyebrow brush to separate brows and really fix them.
Next I apply eye makeup. We wanted a natural depth to the eye, so I’m using a light silvery white eyeshadow to highlight the eyelid, then brown eyeshadow to the entire eyelid.
Finally, I use a brown eye pencil on both the upper and lower lash line. Black would be too pronounced and graphic… brown is good because it flows into a softer look.
Here Zuzana is finished and we can see how well the look comes together. Her hair has plenty of volume and looks great with the depth of the eyes and the defined brows. For the lips, I used a technique called ‘converted lipliner’, taking a berry coloured pencil slightly outside the lip to get the plump effect. Then I filled in the lip with a lipstick.
Thanks for sharing that with us – when would this look work best, Jonas?
– I’d say it’s a great look for when you’re going out in the evening or perhaps for a formal dinner.
Spring is all about being fresh-faced, and this look is perfect for the season, with gorgeous glowing skin, colour on the cheeks and kissable pink lips.
Begin by applying a thin layer of BB cream on the skin – it’s lighter than foundation and perfect for the warmer months ahead as it lets the skin’s natural tones shine through, all while correcting any unevenness.
Now, using a lovely and warm pink blush, sweep a subtle wash of colour across the cheeks for a youthful, summery glow.
It’s also great to gently dab a highlighter onto the cheekbones to open up the face – it defines your bone structure in a soft, elegant way.
Apply a shimmering lipstick in a sparkly, light-pink tone to finish off this truly pretty look that’s perfect for springtime.
Get this season’s most stunning eye makeup. Learn how to achieve those Kardashian-inspired eyes and complete the look with some facial sculpting.
Start by applying shimmering eye shadow over the whole lid. Use a light golden shade. Next apply a second, light brown shade to the eye socket.
Now, apply the third shade. This shade needs to be dark or even black and applied to the outside corners of the eye to give a dramatic look.
Using black eyeliner, line the upper and lower lash lines before adding several layers of mascara, mainly to the outside lashes. 
Apply a lighter concealer under the eye, then shadow with a matte bronzer or blush. Finish with shimmering bronzer to the top of the cheekbones and inside the corner of the eye, dusting over the brow and mouth to give the face dimension and pop. Finish with lip gloss in a nude colour.
And there you have it, your Kardashian-inspired look!
Summer parties are all about strong colours, being fresh-faced and exuding confidence. In this exclusive Oriflame Tutorial we show you how to get that colourful summer look which will make you stand out at any party.
Start by applying a light blue base of eye shadow to the whole lid.
Now apply a second shade using shimmering aqua coloured shadow. Mix the shadow with a drop of water for more shine and lasting power.
Line the eyes with blue eyeliner, applied to both the upper and lower lash lines. This will make your eyes pop and give them more of a party feel.
For a summer party, you’ll want to use waterproof mascara; finish the look with a slick of gloss in a pink shimmering shade.
And there you have it… your perfect summer party look!
Get beautifully painted nails that last. Master the no-mess manicure and enjoy perfectly painted nails all week long.
Beautiful hair, healthy skin and – not least – pretty nails are all part of looking and feeling well put-together. A good skincare routine and regular visits to the hairstylist will do the trick for the first two. You can easily manage the third yourself with a quick and glossy manicure, preferably in a trendy greige shade (Editor’s pick: The ONE Longwear Nail Polish in Cappuccino) that works with everything from the office look to a night on the town! And, so you’ll have time to do more than your nails, it’s smart to invest in a modern, time-saving nail varnish – a variant of the ordinary home nail varnish, but one that lasts much longer and still has the gorgeous glossy finish of a gel. And it’s easy to remove with ordinary remover – thank you very much!
TIPS FOR A BRILLIANT MANICURE
Make sure your nails are clean and non-greasy before you start.
Buff your nails with the softest, finest side of a nail buffer before painting to increase blood circulation in the base of the nail and help prevent peeling.
Start with a base coat and apply a top coat over your coloured varnish to make your manicure last longer.
Place the brush about a millimetre away from the cuticle, in the centre of the nail.
Brush upwards towards the tip. Repeat on the right side of the nail and then the left.
Add an extra coat horizontally across the tip of the nail for extra protection where the varnish is most subject to wear.
Prepping for a romantic night out is all about feeling confident and glamorous. We teach you how to get ready for your fabulous date night out on the town with thick, gorgeous lashes and bold, irresistible lips.
Using a kohl liner, gently dot the pencil into the lash line to darken it and exaggerate the shape of your eyes. Create small dots and smudge them together with a cotton bud or brush. That way you create a nice, soft line.
Gradually build up the mascara and be sure to gently push the wand to the base of the lashes to create optimal drama and length.
The final touch for any date night is the lipstick. Use a dark pink lipstick for a truly strong look. Use your fingertip to apply the lipstick, dabbing the colour onto the lips and gradually build it up to the desired shade for you.
Now you’re ready for your date night with a bold, sophisticated look that’s truly classic.
Learn how to create a make up base that will give you glowing and beautiful skin.
First apply the make-up base by putting a little dab on the back of your hand and using that as a palette. Then use your fingers to apply it all over your face.
2 USE A BRUSH TO BLEND FOUNDATION
Take a clean foundation brush and run it over the contours of your face, blend it in to ensure you don’t have too much product concentrated in one area.
Apply the foundation, and always be conscious of the chin area. Make sure you don’t stop at the jaw line, but carry your foundation in a downward movement on to the neck so everything is even. Foundation is really important to cancel out redness in the skin.
4 SET THE FOUNDATION WITH PRESSED POWDER
Set the foundation with a pressed powder to make sure the face stays luminous. To really let the make up base unlock its true glow you should only powder through the T-zone. Move a soft powdered brush along the forehead and down the nose, creating a rolling motion, by rolling it to really let the brush set that powder into the skin.
A common mistake is to use the wrong foundation colour. A good way to judge is to check the colour on the side of your cheek.
Waves that look as though you’ve spent the day on the beach are feminine, edgy, and work for any hair type or colour. Best of all, you don’t have to go anywhere near an ocean to get them! Follow our simple steps to find out how to achieve this hairstyle yourself.
1 Start with dry hair and add some heat protection lotion. Then curl your hair in 3 cm sections.  If you want loose, natural-looking waves, choose a curling iron with a large barrel. Then wrap large sections of your hair around the curling iron and hold them in place for two minutes before releasing. Start from the bottom and work your way up.
2 To avoid the curls looking too polished, use the iron to curl in different directions (hold it both horizontally and vertically). Use some hair spray after each finished section to give some extra hold.
3 Once your hair is curled through, tousle each curl so that the hair doesn’t look too perfect. Tousle carefully and loosely using two fingers to keep the waves. To define the waves more clearly, use mousse and finish with a little more hair spray. 
4 For that final touch, gather two sections on each side of your parting. Gently twist and turn the hair on each side and then attach the left and right part on the back of your head. Use hairpins to attach the twined sections from each side, and put them in crosses, in a V shape. (For a more beachy feel, finish off by dragging out a few strands of hair to make it look more relaxed.)
There you have it! Perfectly gorgeous beach hair.
Have you ever wondered how to make your lips appear more voluptuous without injections or surgery? In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial, we teach you how to give your lips a boost by using some simple makeup tricks. Watch the video or read up on the steps below.
Start by using a lip balm on your lips. It’s important to make sure your lips are not flaky or dry but well moisturised.
The first step to creating an illusion of larger lips is using a lip pencil to draw slightly outside your own natural lip line. Choose a shade that is close to your own lip colour.
Highlighting your lips makes the lips reflect light, giving them a larger, plumper appearance. Using a nude lip pencil, draw above the cupid’s bow, then fill in the centre of your lips with light concealer to add an illusion of extra fullness.
Finish off by applying a nude lips gloss all over the lip – but be sure to fully blend the gloss and liner to avoid creating an unflattering border around your lips!
And there you have it… your lips have an instantly fuller look.
It’s time for a quick and easy daytime look to go with your tan and to keep those holiday memories alive. In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial, we teach you the simple steps to help maintain that fresh summer glow. Watch the video or read up on the steps below.
Start by drawing a thin line with a golden eye pencil to the upper lash line. The gold will complement your skin and make your eyes stand out a little more. Then apply plenty of mascara.
To accentuate your summer skin, swipe some blusher or terracotta powder on your cheeks with a large brush to give your skin an extra glow.
Finally, brush and shape your brows by using an eyebrow gel, and top off the look by applying a lip gloss in either a popping summery colour or a nude shade for a more laidback look.
And there you have it, the quick and easy ‘after summer’ look that works for school or the office… any day of the week!
The perfect cat eyeliner is flattering for most eye shapes and delivers a mysterious and classic look. In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial, we teach you how to get this tricky eyeliner shape just right. Read up on the steps below. To watch the video click here.
Start by applying a thin line of black kohl pencil along the roots of the top and bottom lashes; this is to avoid any gap between the liquid liner and the lashes later on. Make sure you blend properly.
Draw a liquid eyeliner from the middle of the lash line and out towards the end corner of the eye. Stop just before the end, look straight ahead and put a small dot where you want the line to end on the cat flick.
Now draw the line all the way to the dot and into the cat-eyed shape, and make the line as thick as you want it to be. The thicker the line, the bolder the look.
Finally, apply plenty of mascara and finish off by drawing a thin line with the liquid eyeliner under the eye for that extra definition. 
And there you have it, the classic cat eye look – suitable for any occasion that requires glamour!
The catwalks have confirmed it: geometric, monochrome nails are the look of the season. All you need is a steady hand and you’re ready to create this statement-making look.
Before applying colour, apply a clear base coat. This acts as a foundation for your nails and will allow for a smoother application.  
This look will work best with contrasting colours – that’s why we’ve chosen black and white. Apply a base coat of bright white, leave to dry, and then apply another.     
Now, use the contrasting black polish to create your triangles. Start at the middle of your nail and paint a diagonal line upwards to the outer corner of your nail’s tip. Do the same to the other outer corner. Now fill in the triangle. Make sure you lean your wrist on a table to keep your hand steady.  
Once you’ve finished your nail art, and your nails are dry, apply a top coat to seal the look and add extra shine. 
To watch the video click here.
This season’s makeup looks are bold, so for a head-turning look of your own, follow these simple steps to ombré eyes and striking, matte lips.
Dab a light-coloured eye shadow on to the inner corner of your eye to highlight it.
Dust a dark pink or purple eye shadow along the outer corner of your eyelid, working it into a cat eye. Then apply it along your lower lash line. 
Use an eye shadow colour that’s somewhere between the dark and lighter shades you used earlier, and blend at the centre of your eyelid – this is how you’ll create your ombré effect.
Finish with mascara and apply a matte lipstick or mousse to give your look that final pow!
Click here to watch the video.
When used correctly, bronzer and blush will sculpt your face and give you a sun kissed glow. When used incorrectly, it can make you look orange or even dirty! Try our 3 tricks and get it right every time.
Instantly sculpt your face by sweeping bronzer underneath your cheekbones. And if you want to hide a double chin, use your bronzer to contour your jawline and give the illusion of depth.
For a natural-looking glow, don’t forget to apply bronzer to your temples and hairline as well as your cheeks.
Blush to spare? Give your eye makeup a refresh, by sweeping blush across your eyelids - this is a great way to brighten up your makeup.
To watch the video click here.
The ‘70s is having a fashion and beauty moment. Reference the decade’s psychedelic mood with our easy-to-follow nail tutorial
Pick a basecoat colour (we love this cappuccino shade!) and apply two layers, leaving adequate time for your polish to dry. 
Now, select two contrasting coloured polishes – dark burgundy and cream look great. Use the darkest shade to create half-circles at the outer-corners of your nails. Once dry, create a smaller circle inside them with the other nail polish colour. Make sure the colours differ enough to stand out and pop!
Pick another distinct coloured polish. We used red lacquer to paint small dots within the two circles we created earlier. Leave to dry. 
Don’t worry if you mess up a little, just tidy up with a Q-tip dipped in acetone. 
Once your polish is completely dry, finish with a clear topcoat to prevent cracking and add shine. 
To watch the video, click here.
You will have certainly heard of, if not tried, the French manicure. But what about its cooler younger sister, the reverse French Manicure? Grab two contrasting coloured nail polishes and follow our four-step tutorial to get the look!
Apply a transparent base coat to help polish stick. 
Now select your “half-moon” colour – the polish that will show at the bottom of your nail. Apply to your whole nail and leave to dry. 
Choose your second nail polish colour and apply to your nails, starting about a centimetre higher than your cuticle and applying in a semi-circle shape. Apply a second coat and leave to dry.
For long-lasting nails, seal with a transparent
She may be the youngest of the Kardashian/Jenner clan, but Kylie Jenner is not one to shy away from statement makeup. Master Kylie’s signature matte lips and standout eyes in our five-step tutorial.
Start by applying a light-coloured, shimmering eye shadow to your whole eyelid.
Next, pick a warm brown shade and apply to the outer edge of your eye, working it up and into the crease of your eye. Blend it with the lighter shade you applied earlier. Then, line you lower lash line with the darker eye shadow shade.
For a precise application, use a black felt tip eyeliner to rim your upper lash line. Finish with a small, defined wing on both outer corners.
Finally apply plenty of mascara to both your top and bottom lashes. To get that fake-lash affect use a fibre, volumising or lengthening mascara. 
Finally outline your lips with a lip pencil. Finish the look by applying a deep burgundy lip colour to your lips and use a brush to guarantee a precise application.
To watch the video click here.
The fishtail braid is a perfect way to pull your hair back while keeping a classy elegant look. Here are three easy steps to help you to achieve this lovely braid.
Start by brushing your hair and spraying some dry shampoo to add resistance and get the right texture. Then divide the hair into two equal sections.
Divide the two sections into two further sections, so you have four altogether, then take the outermost parts and cross them with each other in the middle. Let these parts stay on their new side of the parting. Then pull the hair tight. Continue doing this the same way the whole way through your hair.
Now you have a fishtail braid, but you’re not done quite yet! You don’t want the braid to look too neat or perfect. Use your hands to slowly and carefully drag each side diagonally to get a flat, careless look. Finish off with hairspray.
Are you in the mood for a new look? Let us show you how to create a dramatic pink ombre (French for shading or gradation) look for your eyes. In this exclusive Oriflame guide, we show you the simple steps.
Start by applying a coat of light pink on the eyelid by using a chunky eye pencil. This will give you a good base and make the shadow last longer.
After the base, apply a pink shadow on the middle of the eyelid and out towards the corner; don’t forget to blend thoroughly.
Use a brush with some brown eyeshadow and blend it into the globe of the eye to create depth. With the same brown shade, blend a bit into the lower lashes under the eye. When working with a dark colour, be extra careful to apply the eyeshadow evenly on both eyes!
To add intensity and define your eyes, use a chocolate brown eye pencil on top and bottom lashes and apply plenty of mascara. This will give you that final touch to make your eyes more prominent,
 And there you have it; ombre eyes – a strikingly vibrant look.
Contouring is a useful makeup trick that can help you transform your features using some shading tricks. This exclusive Oriflame tutorial will show you how to use contouring to make your nose to look thinner or thicker depending on the shape you want.
First apply a light foundation or a concealer down the centre part of your nose. Make sure it’s 1-2 shades lighter than your natural skin tone. Highlighter emphasizes the area it's placed on.
The next step is when you decide if you want to create the illusion of a thicker or thinner shape by using a matte light brown shadow to shade., Applying darker shades can make certain features recede.  You contour by using a small blending brush and applying the darker shade on the sides of your nose. The thicker the line of lighter foundation you leave on the nose the thicker your nose will appear and vice versa.
Finish off by powdering, blending and setting the makeup around your nose so that the contouring isn’t too visible!
And that’s how to create shadows to transform your features and get the nose shape you want.
Playing around with different coloured eye shadow palettes is always fun. This time we wanted to take it to a new level by creating a more dramatic eye look inspired by what we’ve seen on the red carpet lately. This exclusive Oriflame tutorial will show you how to get those colourful two-tone eyes.
Start by applying a turquoise eye pencil to the top of the lid and blend the edges. The pencil will create a strong base for a more long lasting look. Then apply a shimmering green/blue eyeshadow into the globe to enhance the colour further.
Draw a thin line with a purple eye pencil close to the root of the bottom eyelashes. Blend with a little purple shadow.
Finally, apply plenty of mascara on both the bottom and top lashes and then finish off by adding highlighter under the arch of the eyebrow and in the inner corner of the eye. 
There you have it; colourful two-tone eyes, the look of the season.
Read up on the steps below or click here for the video.
The bun has made a huge comeback in the last few years. But it’s not about perfection, this season we want a messy bun that has a stylish, yet effortless look. Here’s how to easily achieve the look.
1 Prep your hair with dry shampoo to get the right structure and texture, then tease the hair at the top of your head with your fingers and finish by finger-combing your hair and pulling it back to a high ponytail. Place it as high as you are comfortable with.
2 Use a bobby pin to fix your pulled back hair slightly and get it a little neater, without losing the messy feel. Next twine and turn your hair in the ponytail. 
3 Roll the twined ponytail into a bun. Use your thumb to roll the hair around and then pull it out slowly and carefully not to ruin the round shape you have created. 
4 Lastly pull out a strand of hair and wrap it around the bun and then secure the bun with as many thin bobby pins you feel your hair needs. 
There you have it! Your perfectly chic ballerina bun!
Today we’re going to show you how to create a look that makes you look younger.
First off you want to keep the skin as fresh and natural as possible. Begin by applying a colour reflecting CC cream to give the illusion of glowing youthful skin. Only use a concealer where needed.
Your next step is applying a light matte eye shadow in the inner corner of the eyes. Shimmer can draw attention to any wrinkles you may have. Define your eyes with a warm brown eye shadow. 
Now apply plenty of volume building mascara to create an illusion of longer eye lashes and bigger eyes.
Finish the look by adding a bit of rose coloured blusher to your cheeks for a fresh look. Compliment with a pink peachy lipstick. 
There you have it. A look that makes you look instantly young with fresh skin!
Today we’re going to show you how to create a smart and sophisticated look perfect for the office or a professional event.
Start by applying a light shimmery eye shadow all over the eyelids.
Next, draw a line close to the lashes on the top lid and blend with a brush toward the outer corner of the eyes. Also blend a bit of eyeliner underneath the eyes to really define your eyes.
Apply plenty of mascara and then use a bronzer to contour and add a subtle colour on the cheeks.
Finish off with a lipstick in a deep burgundy red.
To see the video tutorial click here.
We love burgundy nails for the colder months. But when we apply a new colour we ultimately want it to last as long as possible. Follow our step-by-step guide for a simple way of getting beautifully painted nails with a long lasting effect!
1 Simply start with the centre part of your nail, without going too close to the cuticle, and apply one stroke of your preferred polish.  Apply another stroke of polish to the outer part of that same nail. Finish off by applying one more stroke to the other side.
2 While you allow that nail to dry, paint a first coat to the rest of your nails. 
3 Then apply a second coat, following the same steps as when you applied the first coat. Allow the polish to fully dry for a few minutes before touching or doing anything else.
And there you have it: long-lasting nail colour in the trendiest shade available! 
EXTRA TIP!  For even more long-lasting result always use a base coat and a top coat over the nail polish!
Ever wondered how to achieve your ideal eye brow shape? Follow our easy step by step guide to find out how!
Start by checking and measuring the shape of your eyebrows to make sure you get the ideal shape. This image will show you how to measure for the right shape. Once you see what areas need improvements you can pluck and brush your brows if needed.
Now fill in the gaps between the hairs starting with the arch. This is to create a shape and to see how much needs to be filled in, you don’t want to overdo it with the colour so be careful and take a step back to look at your brows in between filling them in so that you gradually achieve the right colour and shape.
Finally finish off with a clear eye brow gel which fixates the brow shape and makes the brown powder shade stay longer.
There you have it, perfectly shaped eye brows, ready to last a whole day.
Ring in another fabulous year with a black and gold festive nail design that even a nail beginner can master.
1 Before applying any long-lasting coloured polish, apply a clear base coat. This acts as a foundation for your nails and will help the polish go on smoothly. 
2 Apply a single coat of black, long-lasting nail polish. Let dry. 
3 Cut 10 very thin strips of tape and place over each polished nail, at a vertical angle, allowing for a tiny bit of space in between.
4 Apply a gold-coloured, long-lasting nail polish to the section in between the bits of tape. Follow this routine for each nail. 
5 Repeat the first 4 steps on the other hand and when both sides are fully dry, apply a clear top coat to seal and protect. 
There you have it, now you’re ready for any party!
Read up on how to achieve a metallic eye look complete with three different metallic shades!
Start by applying a light silvery crème eye shadow all over the lid. Next apply a darker gunpowder colour and blend it into the globe and the outer corner and underneath the eyes.
Now use a powder eye shadow on top of the cream eyshadow for a more dramatic effect.  Apply the golden metallic colour to the middle of the eye lid.
Draw a fine line on the waterline under the eye to define the eye and apply plenty of mascara.
Finish off with a nude shimmery lipgloss to complete  the look.
And there you have it, a shimmering metallic eye look, perfect for a night out!
For a video tutorial click here.
What better way to channel the 60's than with a 60's eye look? In this tutorial we’re going to show you how to achieve how achieve those statement eyes.
Start by applying a shimmery white eye shadow as a base allover your eye lids. Then use a darker tone and blend into the eye globe. Don’t worry about blending the dark and the white. You want the contrast to really show.
Now, draw a thick black line with a  liquid eye liner on the top lid starting from the inner corner of the eye. Finish with a cat shape in the outer corners. 
Next curl your eyelashes and apply plenty of mascara to both your upper and lower lashes.
Finish the look by further opening up your eyes with a nude or white eye pencil in the water line of your eye.
And there you have it, beautiful 6o’s inspired eyes!
To watch the video, please click here
The chignon is an elegant low but volumous bun inspired by Bridgitte Bardot. Let us show you how to easily achieve look with some simple steps.
Before you start, blow dry your hair and make sure its straight without any locks. It’s easier to work with straight hair for this style.
1 Start teasing your hair to create volume, start from the roots and work your way through your whole hair. Spray some dry schampoo as you go to get the right texture. 
2 Shape the teased hair at the top of your head using hair pins, you want it to be quite high and round for the right look. Leave som hair on the sides (Extra tip: Use a hair pin to shape and comb the hair slightly and take away the worst ruffle if needed!)
3 Now take the hair on the sides and attach the hair to the middle of the back of your head where you have already started to attach the top hair. 
4 Now collect all of the rest of your hair and twist turn it carefully.
5 Lastly take your twisted hair and roll it to the lower back of your head, then secure it with a few bobby pins. Don’t worry about being neat, its’ all about messy! 
There you have it! The elegantly messy chignon, perfect for any occasion.
We have been seeing the segmented ponytail everywhere lately, from Heidi Klum to Blake Lively. It is fresh, fun and bold! Learn how to create this cool hair style with our simple step by step guide.
First off, start with hair that’s been air-dried for natural texture. Spray in some dry shampoo for more texture to work with.
1 Pull the crown of your hair, and the side hair above your ears high in the back of your head into a ponytail. Secure with a thin elastic band and repeat with new segments of hair the further down you get.
2 To add volume, gently push each segment up until hair bulges. Repeat for every step.
3 Take a small section of hair from the formed ponytail and wrap it around the base. Pin into place. 
4 Repeat the above process with the remaining sections of hair. Finish off with hairspray, which will provide the necessary hold and add lustre. 
There you have it. A fun bold segmented ponytail!
Committing 2 minutes, twice a day to your skin care routine is all that you need to maintain healthy, younger looking skin. A step-by-step routine allows the skin to breathe and makes it more receptive to each product you apply. Read up on, or watch our easy-to-follow four-step skin care routine designed to maximise the effect of your skin care.
The first step in the routine is to cleanse the skin from all impurities and remove dead skin cells. This allows products to be better absorbed and deliver optimal results. Use a cleanser morning and evening to remove make-up, excess oil and other impurities.
Toners soothe and balance the skin’s moisturize level and prepare the skin to better absorb other skin care products. Use a toner to remove final traces of make-up and to leave skin feeling moisturised and tightened, with less noticeable pores.
The skin around the eyes is thinner and more delicate which means signs of ageing appear earlier. Eye creams are lighter in texture and penetrate more easily into the skin. They are fragrance free to minimise irritability. Use an eye cream morning and evening to target the eyes’ specific needs such as fine lines, dark circles and puffiness.
The best way to boost the effect of the day and night creams is to use a serum. Serums contain a higher concentration of active ingredients that penetrate deeper and faster into the skin to deliver even better results. Use the serum every day, before the day and night cream.
Finish your morning routine with a day cream, to moisturise and protect the skin against external aggressors such as pollution. Make sure you use an SPF in the morning to protect your skin from harmful UV rays. Apply over face, neck and décolletage for maximum protection. Avoid the eye area as it has already been treated with eye cream.
At night your skin is resting and recovering, so it is more receptive to the powerful ingredients in your night cream. Apply to a clean face after the serum, to help restore the skin’s youthful appearance.
In this step by step guide we’re going to show you how to achieve the graphic eyeliner look seen on catwalks allover the world in a fun modern and wearable manner.
Get yourself a liquid eyeliner with a fine but firm tip. Start by drawing a line from the middle of the eye to the outer corner. Next, look up sideways and draw a fine line on the inner corner of the eye. 
To get the shape right, look straight into a mirror and put a small dot where you want your eyeliner to end (measure this by checking where the lower lash-line meets the top lash line and from there draw a line upwards.) Also put a dot where you want your creative liner to end in the socket of the eye. This should be slightly above your socket line.
Draw the line to join the dots and make the liner a bit thicker in the outer corner. (Tip: clean up with a cotton bud if you make a mistake.)
Choose a second colour, like blue, and trace inside your black liner to create a double coloured line, and finish off the look with mascara.
And there you have it, and edgy but wearable graphic eye look. 
For a tutorial video on this look, click here.
Traces of makeup, environmental pollutants and dead skin cells build up on your skin every day. They can clog your pores and cause breakouts and dull skin. The new cleansing devices promise 5 times cleaner skin and 8 times more radiant complexion while making your skin softer and smoother. But how do you use them? Follow our easy step by step guide right here!
Moisten the brush head with water.
Apply a small amount of your favourite cleansing gel or foam to the brush or to your face.
Cleanse by moving the brush head gently around forehead, cheeks and chin for 1 minute. Avoid the eye area.
Now that your skin has been deep cleansed the subsequent skin products will be better absorbed and more active ingredients will be delivered into your skin!
Don’t forget to replace the brush head every 3 months! And there you have it, an easy quick way to radiant and pure skin.
Ever wondered how to achieve that beautiful fresh faced and feminine spring look? Look no further. This step by step guide will show you how.
The base is super important in this look so make sure you skin is well moisturised. Next apply a CC crème all over the face to even out the skin-tone. After that apply concealer where it’s needed (under the eye, around the nose, and if you have any spots)
Apply a pink eye shadow all over the eyelid and blend the edges, then curl the eyelashes and apply plenty of mascara on your top lashes.
Now, apply a pink blusher on the apple of the cheek and blend downwards for a natural look.  Finish of with a bit of shimmering highlighting shade on your cheekbones. 
Finish off by applying a pink juicy lipgloss all over the lip for that sweet feminine look. And there you have it, a look with glowing peachy skin with a dash of femininity, perfect for spring!
For a tutorial video on this look, click here.
Eyeliner doesn’t have to be black. In fact, an electric blue eye can instantly lift your look. Fresh, modern and guaranteed to make an impact, here’s our guide to mastering the Blue Cat-Eye. Tip – pair it with this season’s athletic trend, for added affect.
Start by drawing a line along the waterline of your eye in a metallic colour. We picked a sparkling green eye pencil for maximum impact.
Now, use a midnight blue eye pencil to draw a thick line along your upper lash line.  The blue and green colours will complement one another, creating a cool wash of colour.
Using a black liquid eyeliner with a firm tip, draw a fine line on both your upper and lower lash line to frame your eyes. Be careful not to erase the coloured liner you did earlier!
Finally, complete the look with a cat flick for instant drama. Now just add mascara and you’ve mastered the look!   
And there you have it, a bold, blue eye in four easy steps.
Glossy, wavy, and oh so glamorous, this red carpet-worthy hairstyle is guaranteed to turn heads. Follow our step-by-step guide to achieving Hollywood hair – no personal stylist required.
Start by curling the under section of your hair. To do so, pull your hair back into a half ponytail and pin at the top of your head. Take a small section of hair and flat wrap it around the barrel of your curling iron. Hold your curling iron diagonally and hold for five to eight seconds, as this will create tight ringlets. You want your hair to get as hot as possible without burning it, so make sure to use a heat protecting spray!
Gradually release sections of hair from the pinned back section. You want to repeat step one with all of your hair, working your way towards your face. Make sure you create a perfect curl pattern – if it’s not symmetrical, curl it again!
Finally release the last of your hair and curl those sections closest to your crown. You want a full head of tight ringlets. Secure with a firm holding hairspray. 
After your hairspray has dried, lightly brush through your curls with a cushion brush. Your ringlets should loosen in to soft, even waves. Finally, apply high shine hair spray to add instant gloss.
And now you’re ready to grace the red carpet with gleaming, Hollywood waves.
Make eyes pop with the Exotic Look. It’s about blending vibrant colours and injecting tropical flavour into your makeup routine.
Start by applying a gold cream eye shadow to your entire eyelid; this will form a shimmering base for your look. Then, apply a warm pink eye shadow to the inner corner of your eye, or opt for rose blush instead. 
Apply an olive cream eye shadow to the outer corner of your eye, blending with the gold base. You want to create a gradient affect that works from green at the outer corner, to gold at the centre, and then finally a warm pink at the inner corner.
Now, to enhance and define your eyes, rim your upper and lower lash line with kohl pencil. Add several coats of lengthening mascara for that wow-effect!
Finish the look off with blusher and a neutral lip colour – this look’s all about the eyes.
You’ll be turning up the heat wherever you go, with our exotic look that’s perfect for a party!
A diamond may be a girl’s best friend, but this season, our jewel tone of choice is emerald. Drawing inspiration from the lush tropics, we’ve blended shades of green to create a look that truly sparkles.
Start by applying dark green eyeliner to your upper and lower lash line. Pick a shade that’s almost black for a dramatic effect.
Then, select two shades of green: a metallic pencil in emerald, and an olive cream-based eye shadow. Apply the pencil to your eye socket, paying particular attention to the inner corner of your eye. Rim your lower lash line as well, using a brush to blend with your eyeliner. Now, apply the olive colour to the outer corner of your eyelid, working up towards your brow bone. Be sure to blend the two colours together.  
Gently curl your eyelashes and follow with mascara on both your top and bottom lashes. Apply several coats - you want that “wow-effect”!
Complete the look with a neutral lip – a warm beige tone will be perfect.
Two-tone lips are this season’s hottest trend. Not only is it a great way to fake fuller lips, it’s a fantastic way to work bold colours into your beauty routine. Here’s how to create the ombré lip in under a minute.
Start by applying foundation to your lips and the surrounding area, creating a matte base. This will allow you to draw a sharper and smoother outline with your lip pencil.
Trace the outline of your lips in a darker coloured lip pencil. Gently shade around your lip line, blending the colour inwards towards the centre of your lips.
Now, use a lip brush to smudge your outline further, covering any spaces you may have missed. The trick is to smile, as this will prevent your lipstick from feathering at the edges. If you need to, perfect the perimeter with a little concealer.
Pick a darker shade of lipstick and paint close to the outline you’ve created. You want to create a crisp gradient effect. 
Finally, using a small brush, dab on a lighter coloured lipstick at the centre of your lips. Use your brush to work the lighter shade into the darker one, creating even more dimension.
If you’ve got a calendar of special occasions lined up, you’ll want hair that catches the eye. Channel ethereal elegance with the half-up fishtail braid; think slightly tousled braids swept back into a half-up twist.
Start by spraying your hair with a heat protection spray to give it a dry texture. Then, using a curling iron, curl your hair. Make sure you hold your curling iron horizontally to create relaxed waves rather than corkscrews.  
Part your hair in the centre. Then, section off some hair on one side of your parting to start your first fishtail braid. Don’t know how to create a fishtail braid? Follow our guide here. Now create your second fishtail braid on the other side of your parting. Tug at both fishtail braids to loosen them. 
Join the two fishtail braids together at the back of your head, by knotting and weaving them through one other to form an undone twist. Fasten with hair pins.
Release and loosen some strands around your face for a romantic finish, and add hold with hairspray.
Lip gloss might be meant for adding shine to your pout. But it’s far from the only way to use it! In case of unexpected events, it’s always good to multi-task your makeup staples. “How?” you might wonder. Here are three useful ways!
Use your finger to dab a little lip gloss under your brow bone and cheek bones to instantly achieve a glowing, shiny highlighting effect. Keep in mind that a light high-shine or shimmering lip gloss is best suited to replace highlighter. 
It’s easy to turn your gloss into a cream blush. Lightly press and tap the colour into the apples of your cheeks for a fresh-faced glow. But remember that less is more! With a lip gloss formula, it’s easy to go overboard - so be careful. Pick a pink or peachy coloured lip gloss for best effect. 
Using shiny lip gloss on your lids is a fun hack that can create a trendy wet look. Simply use a finger to dab it on to your lids. Again, don’t apply too much, since the skin around your eyes is extra sensitive! 
To watch the video click here.
Every great makeup look needs a flawless base. And the fastest and most efficient way to get one, is to use foundation. But, it’s not always as easy as it looks. So, here are three simple steps to ensure a flawless base.
Want a dewy, flawless finish that keeps you looking fresh? Then start by moisturizing your face with a light facial oil. Warm it between your fingers, and then dab and gently massage it into your skin. It also provides extra moisture and helps any foundation blend more easily. 
For an ultra-smooth finish, we recommend using a primer. It preps your skin for foundation application, by filling in fine lines and smoothing out pores. Blend the primer into your skin using your fingertips. Just remember to be careful with the amount you use – any overload will pill under your foundation. A small drop (the size of a raisin) is enough. 
Finally, apply your foundation by dabbing a small amount on your cheeks, forehead, chin, and the bridge of your nose. Then use a foundation brush to slowly build coverage (since it’s easier to add more foundation than to take off any excess). For areas that need heavier coverage, use a damp beauty sponge to blend the foundation and cover up acne, red spots, or dark circles under your eyes. 
And there you have it - flawless foundation ready for any makeup look! 
All cleansers generally have the same basic function, which is to clean dirt, debris, oil, bacteria and makeup from skin. They do come in different forms though, do you know the difference in how to use a gel versus a milk cleanser?
Gel cleansers are generally thought to be good for eliminating surface oil and acne-causing bacteria as well as giving the skin a deeper clean. This cleanser will work to clear away impurities and prevent future breakouts. Gel cleansers are activated by water, so start by dampening the product in your hands with some water. Then proceed to foam up your gel cleanser using gentle circular massaging motions onto your face for a thorough clean. Rinse off with warm water. 
Milk Cleansers tend to be very gentle, moisturizing, and non-sudsy. What many of us don’t know is that they don’t even require water. Milk cleansers are best applied with a cotton bud and then wiped away. Start from the jawline and smooth the product up and out, being careful not to apply too much pressure or drag the skin. Applying the cleanser in a downward motion pulls and stretches the skin in the wrong direction, which can contribute to wrinkles and sagginess. Cream cleansers are excellent choices for sensitive skin and those with rosacea. They’re also a good option for really dry skin and mature skin.
We all know eating vegetables are key to living a healthy life, but sometimes we skimp on the veggies just because of convenience or lack of planning. Get creative with your meals and plan some greens into your life with these easy tips!
VEGGIE-BOOST YOUR BREAKFAST 
Having eggs, yoghurt or croissants for breakfasts is delicious, but doesn’t provide a lot of fibre. Grate some veggies like carrot into oatmeal to boost your vitamin and fibre intake and keep your digestion moving smoothly. Have you heard of carrot cake oatmeal? (yes, that’s a thing!) If you haven’t, you’re missing out! Google a recipe near you to experience breakfast heaven. 
Smoothie bowls have been all over our Instagram feeds for the past few years, but we’re not sick of them yet! They are pretty, they taste good and they provide us with a super simple way to sneak in lots of veggies without compromising on flavour. Try combining some mild-tasting veggies like cauliflower, sweet potato, spinach or kale with sweeter fruits like mango, banana or berries. 
Get creative with baking! Why not try some delicious chocolate beet muffins? Beets are super healthy and give muffins a lovely pinkish colour, and mixed with chocolate it becomes the perfect, guilt-free treat. If you’re not into sweets, give savoury veggie muffins a go. Mix zucchini, spinach or tomato with some feta cheese, basil or olives for some nutrient-dense Mediterranean style muffins. 
A super simple way to healthify your meals is to substitute bread with cabbage- or lettuce leaves. For example, taco shells, burger buns or tortilla wraps can easily be swapped for a greener version. With all the sauces and great toppings, you won’t be able to taste the difference - and you’ll feel a lot lighter than if you would have eaten a gluten-laden meal. 
Except being a very fun word to say, zoodles (zucchini noodles!) are another great low-carb way of filling in the green blanks on your plate. Now, we’re not saying that you should forget about carbonara, (pasta will always have a place in our hearts!) but having zoodles instead of spaghetti packs a vitamin punch that carbonara can’t live up to. Use a spiralizer to create zucchini noodles to use in Spaghetti Bolognese, Pad Thai or even salads.
A home hair spa is the ideal solution for tired, over-processed hair. With a simple routine and a few clever products, you can transform dry, stressed hair into beautifully smooth, shiny locks in no time.
Start by washing your hair with a rejuvenating shampoo and conditioner. This is an important first step to help repair and replenish stressed hair. 
Apply a rich, nourishing mask from the roots of your hair to the tips. Work it through evenly with a wide-tooth comb. If you feel your hair is in need of some extra care simply twist your hair up into a bun and leave the mask to sit for an extra 5 minutes while it works its magic. Then rinse thoroughly.c
After rinsing, comb through your hair with a wide cushion brush. Hair is more delicate when it’s wet, so it is important to use a wide brush. Then apply 2-3 drops of serum while your hair is still damp, to help smooth and soften. 
Now you’re ready to dry your hair. Use a vent brush to dry hair more quickly: The vents allow the warm air to circulate better, which reduces the time your hair is exposed to the heat. 
If your hair is quite dry and brittle, you can apply an extra drop of serum to the ends, for added nourishment and a glossier finish. 
Complete your hair spa with a light misting of CC, ‘complete care’, spray. This ultra-smart product is a beauty must-have. It adds shine, tackles any flyaway frizz, helps prevent heat damage and split ends – and more. 
Enjoy your beautiful, revitalized hair!
The SkinPro Sonic device has 3 features that will all help your skin look more radiant and wrinkle free in their own unique ways. Let’s look at all 3 modes and how to use the device for best results!
Use a sonic cleansing device instead of cleansing by hand every day and see the difference it makes! You can usually use your normal foaming or cream cleanser - but definitely not a cleanser that contains exfoliating particles. Check out the specific directions for use that come with your product. 
Use a sonic exfoliator after cleansing - once or twice a week depending on the device. Just like sonic cleansing, you can usually use your normal foaming or cream cleanser as long as it doesn't contain exfoliating particles. Check out your product manual for detailed instructions. 
You can use a sonic device to massage your serum or moisturisers into your skin every day, or anytime you feel like a little facial de-stress - we think this is a step that's worth making time for! To see a step by step guide of the different features, click here.
Tender Care is one of Oriflame’s most famous products, with sales of over one million balms every year. And we can see why! With a great, nourishing formula it has endless uses. Here are some of them!
Tender Care is perfect to use on your lips and face. The beeswax helps to protect and nourish your lips and to increase skin softness. The Vitamin E has antioxidant properties and moisturises your skin. 
You can use it in any area of your face, but we especially like applying it in the driest areas like the lips, wings of your nose or the nostrils in winter. You can even use it to fix your eyebrows! 
The unique formula is made with natural ingredients specifically chosen to hydrate, protect and nourish dry and rough skin. Therefore, it’ll work wonders for patches of very dry skin on your body as well. You can use it on dry cuticles, your hands and elbows. It also works on your feet or legs! 
Turn any powder or cream eye shadow into a glossy eye shadow, cream blush or lipstick by mixing Tender Care with the pigment of whichever colour you want. Super-easy and fun!
Nothing says glamour like full-bodied, voluptuous locks. Better still, it’s easier and quicker to achieve than it sounds. Here’s how to from the shower to showstopper!
The key to incredible volume is to start your routine with a specially designed volumising shampoo and conditioner. Wash starting at the roots and condition from the mid-lengths to the tips. 
Now that your hair is properly prepped, the next step is to dry your hair. Use a clever volume-boosting technique: separate your hair into sections and blow dry from the roots using a small round brush. 
To take your lift to the next level, use the professionals’ secret trick: dry shampoo . Shake well and spray 20 cm from your hair, concentrating once again on the roots, and then work through. 
Now your roots are volumised, it’s time to boost your lengths, with the second secret pro-trick: a 3D brush . This simple yet incredible tool will help you add some amazing body-boosting waves. 
Finally, protect your new look with a CC, ‘complete care’ spray. This will add shine, seal the hair cuticle, help prevent split ends and tame frizz.
Few of us are born with huge doe-eyes, but thanks to make-up anything is possible! So, if you’re curious about how to make your gaze more captivating, then check out this 5-step guide!
Start by using small patting motions to apply a light-coloured eye shadow to your eyelids. This technique will give you a more even application, and the light colour will brighten your eyes. 
Select an eyeshadow tone that is slightly darker than your skin tone, and apply it to the creases (in the fold above your eyeball). This helps to give your eyes definition. 
Choose a light eyeliner (white or light pink) and apply it along your waterline. The light colour will make your eyeballs appear larger and mask potential redness. For extra effect, use a black eyeliner along your upper lash line. 
Long lashes = bigger-looking eyes. So, take out your trusted eyelash curler and make it work for you! Remember to always curl before you apply your mascara or your lashes could break. 
Finish your look by defining your lashes with a black mascara. Wiggling the brush back and forth will give you a fuller finish every time. Two coats will give that dramatic effect! 
Click here to see the video tutorial.
Sleek, glossy hair always looks beautiful, which is why frizz is one of our most dreaded enemies. Yet with the right preparation, styling and treatment, softer, smoother looking hair is simpler to achieve than ever!
To tackle stubborn frizz, you need to start from the beginning. That means choosing a shampoo and conditioner that are specially formulated to combat frizzy flyaways. 
Once you’ve washed and conditioned, comb through damp hair with a wide cushion brush . Hair needs extra attention when it’s wet because it’s more prone to breakage – that’s why we use this type of brush. 
The next step is to help protect your mane from heat damage and humidity with a smoothing, nourishing serum. 
Now that you’ve prepared your hair, it’s time to blow dry it. Use a vent brush that allows the hot air to circulate, reducing drying time and heat exposure. It also produces smoother results than drying without a brush. 
Once your hair is dry, add a bit more serum at the tips to smoothen the ends. Then spray all over with the CC complete care spray to add shine, help to seal the hair cuticle, reduce any stray frizz and help protect against heat damage and split ends.
Liquid lipsticks can be tricky. But fear not – we’re here to help! Just follow these simple steps to get perfect finish every time.
The key to great looking lips is a smooth surface, so always prep your lips to perfection before applying any make-up. A lip scrub is great to remove any dead skin. You can even create your own scrub, mixing honey and sugar. Rub the mix on your lips, then dry them off with a dry cloth. 
After the scrub, you need to moisturise your lips to keep them soft. Prime with a lip balm like The ONE Lip Spa Care Lip Balm – it’s ultra-conditioning and contains SPF8 to protect your lips from UV-rays. 
The biggest secret to a flawless finish, using a liquid lipstick, is to dab the product onto your lips. This allows the colour to seep into your lips and gives you an even appearance. So, forget the sweeping motion of a bullet lipstick and dab away! 
Click here to watch the video tutorial!
Gradient nails are here to stay. To master this trend, follow our easy step-by-step guide.
Start by creating a base for your nails to craft the gradient design on. We chose a white base. 
To avoid getting your hands and fingers messy use some tape to cover up around your nails. 
Now you’ll need an unused makeup sponge – a foundation wedge will be ideal. Select three complementary coloured nail varnishes and apply three even strokes to the edge of your sponge. You want the colours to slightly overlap one another and measure the approximate length and width of your nail. We picked pink and purple. 
Dab your varnished sponge onto your nail, moving it up and down the length of it. The colours should blend and fix on your nails. Repeat several times, allowing the coats to dry between applications. 
Now apply a topcoat of transparent polish. You may want to apply several layers to smooth out a bumpy surface. Let dry and enjoy your new stylish nails!
Contouring your lips can make them look fuller and more defined. But what’s the best technique? Check out our step-by-step guide!
Start by outlining the outer edges of your lips with a lip liner. Make sure you choose a colour that matches the lipstick you will use later. 
Use your lip liner to draw a V on your top lip. The end of the V should meet the middle of your lip. Then draw a vertical line in the middle of your bottom lip. Together they create a Y. This creates the illusion of fuller lips. 
Use a dabbing motion to apply lipstick over your entire lips. Make sure its well-blended with the lip liner to avoid strong contrasts. 
Finish with a lip gloss in the same colour to tie the look together. Start by dabbing it on, then use a sweeping motion to even out the colour. 
And there you have it – contoured lips with perfect definition!
“No makeup, makeup” is all about a flawless base and neutral tones that enhance your natural beauty. If you want a barely-there look that says: “I woke up like this,” follow our 5-step guide to keeping it light.
First apply a BB cream or sheer foundation to smooth over any unevenness in your skin tone – the idea isn’t to cover-up, but rather to enhance your natural skin colour. 
Brush a light, neutral-coloured eye shadow over your entire lid; keep it light, you want to focus the attention on your eyes, but not necessarily the makeup around them. 
Use a soft, brown kajal eyeliner to rim your upper and lower lash line. Then, use the kajal eyeliner to add definition to the crease of your eye – don’t overdo it, remember you’re going for natural! Finish off with mascara, using a lengthening and separating formula for an understated finish.
Now, to add a natural flush to your cheeks, use a medium-sized, fluffy brush to sweep blusher across your cheeks, applying from the outer corner or your face towards your nose. Keep your blusher light to avoid creating any harsh, angular lines.
Finish-off with a creamy-textured lipstick in a natural shade.
Using eyeliner is a great way to add impact to your eye-makeup, but did you know that you can create as much as three full looks using ONLY liner? Here’s how to do it!
A great eyeliner look demands different colours. So, start by choosing three complementary shades that will go into your final look. We chose: green, silver and blue. 
APPLY LINER TO THE LOWER LASH LINE 
The first look is simple, but packs a punch! Start by applying a vibrant colour to your lower lash lines. This will leave you with a colourful look that makes your eyes pop! 
APPLY LINER TO THE UPPER LASH LINE 
If you want to take your make-up to the next level, apply a slightly more discreet colour to your upper lash lines. This creates an ombré feel and helps to frame your eyes. A great everyday look! 
ADD COLOUR TO YOUR EYE LIDS 
The ultimate eyeliner look is the smudged, smokey eye! This is easily created by replacing your eyeshadow with a strong liner. Start by applying eyeliner to the outer edge of your eyelid (in this case, we drew a hashtag since it makes it easier to spread the colour more evenly). Then smudge the colour with your fingertip to get that smokey finish. Perfection! 
Want a better look at how we did it? Click here to watch the video tutorial!
A flawless makeup application starts with the right tools. Here’s a quick step by step guide to the makeup brushes that are essential for creating a flawless base.
THE FOUNDATION BRUSH (F03)
Using a foundation brush blends and buffs foundation into the skin, resulting in a smooth, airbrushed finish. Start from the center of your face and work toward your hairline until your foundation is blended and beautiful. 
The concealer brush allows for more precise application. Dip your brush in your concealer of choice and use it on your under-eye circles with small strokes working outwards from your nose until its fully blended. You can also use it to conceal blemishes and littler imperfections. 
Using a powder brush uses less product than a puff and it gives a more even, natural-looking finish. Dip your brush in powder and tap off excess. Then, using a sweeping motion, brush lightly over any oily areas such as the T-zone for a flawless finish! 
For a video tutorial click here.
Daring, dark and half nude; spice up your nails with the latest negative space nail look.
Start by applying a base coat that will help polish go on smoothly. Select a heavily pigmented nail polish and decide on the negative space pattern you’ll be creating with it.
For precise application, make sure that your nail polish brush has a straight end to it – trim it if necessary – and rest your wrist on a flat surface to steady it. Apply with gentle and thin coats, building up coverage. Shapes should be angled for that geometric effect.
Pour some nail polish remover onto a Q-tip to remove any polish that may have gotten onto your fingers. 
Let your nails dry completely and then seal the look with a long lasting top coat!
To watch the video click here.
Cleaning make-up brushes isn’t the most exciting task, but it should always be a part of your beauty regimen. Dirt and oil accumulate on your brushes and can give you bad skin. So, follow these simple steps to learn how to keep your brushes in their best condition, and even make them last longer.
Start by running your brushes under warm water, to rinse out residual make-up. Hold you brush with the bristles facing downwards to avoid getting water in the part where the handle meets the head. This ensures that you don’t accidentally loosen the glue that holds the bristles together! Add a small amount of mild soap or shampoo to your makeup brush bristles. 
Sweep and swirl your brush on the textured surface of your makeup brush cleaner.
Rinse the brush tip under running water again. Repeat steps two and three until the water runs clear from the brush. Make sure you squeeze and form your brushes back to their original shape.
Finally lay your brushes flat on a towel and allow them to air dry! Repeat with all of your brushes!
And there you have it: squeaky clean brushes that will last a very long time!
For a video tutorial click here.
A flawless makeup application starts with the right tools. Here’s a quick step by step guide to creating a stunning lip look.
A lip brush might seem like one of those unnecessary beauty tools, but once you uncover its benefits, you'll want to use it all the time. The lip brush is designed to apply lip colour with precision and to prevent it from smudging. The long handle provides optimum control and the sculpted tip is perfect for getting a flawless line. The bristles are short and form for perfect application. 
APPLICATION USING A LIP BRUSH
Pick your lipstick of choice and pick up some colour on your brush then apply it to your lips in thin layers. Start from the center and work your way out, so as not to overpower the corners with too much color. This results in even, feather resistant smudge-proof application. You can also layer your lipstick with the help of a lip brush to improve its staying power. To get a crisp finish, use the tip of the brush to define the lip lines at the bows and corners. 
For a matte look finish by using a small powder brush and dip it into loose transparent powder. Then carefully dab it over your lips. Voila - Matte lips! 
For a video tutorial click here.
If you’re a man who wants to continue looking fresh and youthful as the years roll, then investing in your skin for the long term is essential. Using drug store basics or your partner’s products every other day just won’t cut it. Male skin needs more and to really maximize your skins potential you need to adopt a daily high-performance skin care routine.
This essential first step allows your performing products to be better absorbed and deliver optimal results. NovAge Men Purifying & Exfoliating Cleanser is designed to strip away dead skin cells, embedded impurities and daily city grime, leaving your skin oil and sebum free and ready to be moisturised and energized. 
The skin around the eyes is more fragile and needs special care. NovAge Men Eye Rescue Gel is specially engineered to target the delicate area with powerful technologies that reduce signs of tiredness. 
A serum adds a whole new dimension to your skin care regimen because of its high concentration of active ingredients. NovAge Men Energising & Hydrating Boosterinstantly
energizes and moisturises, soothes skin and also creates a 2X hydration boosting effect for your NovAge Men Intense Anti-Ageing Face Gel Lotion. 
Moisturising is vital for retaining your skin’s fresh, healthy and energized appearance. NovAge Men Intense Anti-Ageing Face Gel Lotion delivers revitalizing hydration all day long, while combating all signs of ageing. 
Energized, younger looking skin in less than 2 minutes!
This season’s prettiest party manicure is a layered metallic look with shimmer and sparkle. Follow our five simple steps to create it yourself!
Start by applying a heavily pigmented base colour in a light metallic shade. It usually takes two coats of polish to create a solid base. Make sure your nails are 100 % dry before continuing. 
2. TRIM BRUSH FOR PRECISION 
For precise application of the next colour, make sure your nail polish brush is the right size. Trim it with scissors to get the right thickness and cut a straight or angled end, depending on what effect you want. An angled tip will give you a geometric look. 
Choose a darker colour and dip your trimmed brush into the polish. Rest your wrist on a flat surface, to steady it while you draw your triangle lines. Apply with gentle and thin coats, building up coverage from the inside of the triangle. 
Again, wait to make sure your nails are dry. Then fill each triangle with glitter polish to make them sparkle for the festive season. 
Seal the look with a long lasting top coat.
Do you feel like no matter what you do, your skin still feels dehydrated? Dehydrated skin may be caused by things like pollution, unhealthy diet and harsh detergents - and that is something you can fix! Find out 5 signs of dehydrated skin and what to do about it!
Does your skin look dull and greyish when you wake up? When your skin is dehydrated, the function that makes your skin shed the outer layer of dead skin cells is impaired. This means a layer of dead skin cells is left on your skin which can give you a greyish complexion. 
2. Looks oily but feels dry 
Dehydrated skin has inadequate moisture retention. When your skin senses that it is losing moisture, it produces more oil to balance things out, trying to create a barrier that prevents water loss. This means that you may have patches of dry skin with a layer of oil over it. 
When your skin is dehydrated, the skin’s barrier doesn’t work like it’s supposed to and it has a harder time fighting off bacteria and pollution, among other things. This can make your skin more sensitive to, well, everything - even products that your skin used to love! 
4. Fine lines and wrinkles 
If you look in the mirror one day and suddenly notice new wrinkles, it might not be signs of ageing - it might actually be that your skin is dehydrated! Like a fruit, when our skin loses its water, it creases and becomes less bouncy and loses its youthful look. 
Air conditioning or really hot or cold weather saps moisture from your skin and can make it feel itchy or flaky. 
The most important remedy for thirsty skin is moisture. Go all in with hydrating products that will make both you and your skin feel better.
Use a gentle, hydrating cleanser without alcohol. Take care not to wash your skin too much because exposing your skin to hot water or harsh detergents several times a day can make your skin even more dehydrated. 
Boost your skins hydration and restore the glow with a hydrating mask! Hydrating masks can help restore the skins barrier with oils, humectants and butters that bring moisture to the skin and provide a protective film that prevents moisture from seeping out. 
Use a moisturising product containing hyaluronic acid. Hyaluronic acid works miracles on your skin by attracting and retaining moisture, which helps make it feel soft and plump again.
Did you know that the delicate skin around your eyes can actually be a tenth as thick as the skin on the rest of your face? It’s no surprise then that we need to be extra careful on how to remove makeup and care for our eyes to avoid greyish colouration, irritation and wrinkles!
Saturate a cotton pad with eye makeup remover. Hold the cotton pad against your closed eye applying gentle pressure and then swipe gently across your lash line moving from the outer corner of your eyes inward. Don’t run the cotton pad back and forth over your lids, this can tug at your skin and cause unnecessary wrinkles. 
Squeeze out a small amount of eye cream, enough for both of your eyes. Then use your wedding finger (we have less muscle there meaning less pressure) and start at the inner corner of your eye and then dab gently in a circle along the orbital bone. Remember to avoid placing eye cream too close to your eye because the product travels when it warms up with your body temperature. You don’t want to risk getting product into your eyes or getting an irritated sclera!
Did you know that we sell over 2 million packs of Giordani Gold Bronzing Pearls every year? That’s about 100 million precious pearls! But do you know that they are as versatile, as they are popular? Here’s a guide on how to use them in three different ways!
Use the Natural Peach or Natural Radiance toned pearls. Swirl a medium sized powder brush or blush brush over the pearls to get a perfect blend of all pigments. Tap the brush to get rid of excess product. Apply on your cheeks with circular sweeping moves for a glowing, rosy finish. 
Use the Natural Bronze or Dark Bronze toned pearls. Swirl a fan brush over the pearls to get a perfect blend of all pigments. Next, use the thin side of the brush to contour your face by sweeping bronzer underneath your cheekbones. Then add some product at your temples and along your hairline for a more natural-looking glow. And if you want to mask a double chin, contour your jaw to add depth. 
In the mood for more intensely rosy cheeks? Pick out some of the bright pink pearls and put them in your hand. Use a brush to pick up the pigments and sweep it over your cheeks. Voilà! 
You can do a similar trick, using only the light-coloured pearls, to create a highlighting effect. Hold them in your hand, then use a brush to highlight your cheekbones, your brow bones or the tip of your nose! 
Den aktuella och personliga stilbloggerskan Elsa Ekman är ansiktet utåt för Oriflames senaste makeupkampanj Very You. Elsa har valt ut sina favoritprodukter som bygger på tre olika looker: Pink by Elsa, Red by Elsa och Nude by Elsa.
Elsa Ekman är en bländande skönhet som inspirerar oss med sin personliga stil! Lär mer om Elsa och ta del av hennes bästa skönhetstips här.
Köp Elsas makeupkit nu och få till en sval makeuplook med välmarkerade ögonbryn och mjuka nyanser av beige!
Den aktuella och personliga stilbloggerskan Elsa Ekman är ansiktet utåt för Oriflames senaste makeupkampanj Very You. Elsa har valt ut sina favoritprodukter som bygger på tre olika looker: Pink by Elsa, Red by Elsa och Nude by Elsa.
Elsa Ekman är en bländande skönhet som inspirerar oss med sin personliga stil! Lär mer om Elsa och ta del av hennes bästa skönhetstips här.
Köp Elsas makeupkit nu och få till en flirtig makeuplook med iögonfallande läppar och rosiga kinder som lyser upp i vintermörkret!
Den aktuella och personliga stilbloggerskan Elsa Ekman är ansiktet utåt för Oriflames senaste makeupkampanj Very You. Elsa har valt ut sina favoritprodukter som bygger på tre olika looker: Pink by Elsa, Red by Elsa och Nude by Elsa.
Hämta inspiration från Elsa Ekman och få till en makeuplook som andas glamour. Svart eyeliner och förföriskt röda läppar skapar den ultimata femme fatal-looken som passar perfekt till säsongens alla fester! Köp Elsas makeupkit nu!
In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial video, we show you how to get the perfect look for your date night. Prepping for a romantic night out is all about feeling confident and glamorous, what better way than with thick, gorgeous lashes and bold, irresistible lips.
If you love bold makeup (and we do), you’ll love this look. Think shimmering, ombré eye makeup and striking matte lipstick. Press play to learn the look.
To read the step by step article, click here.
It’s time for a quick and easy daytime look to go with your tan and to keep those holiday memories alive. In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial video, we teach you the simple steps to help maintain that fresh summer glow. Watch the video.
For a step by step guide click here.
Expressive eyes and statement lips - the bold look is taking over 2017. Press play to see how you nail it!
Express yourself with colour! Dark lips and dramatic eyes are just as stunning day and night. Press play to see how easy it is to do at home!
Thick, perfectly curled eyelashes are the ideal way to truly make your eyes pop, and in this exclusive Oriflame how-to, we reveal the insider tips and tricks for creating the ultimate lash line.
Are you in the mood for a new look? Let us show you how to create a dramatic pink ombre (French for shading or gradation) look for your eyes. In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial,video we show you the simple steps.
For a step by step guide click here.
Want to take your eyes to a new level? This exclusive Oriflame tutorial will show you how to get those colourful two-tone eyes.
Let your eyes take centre stage with a few simple make-up tricks. Press play to see how you can make your eyes look bigger!
For a step-by-step guide click here.
Want to learn three looks you can create using only eyeliner? Watch this short video!
One of the easiest ways to take your look from day to night, is to add a pop of color with a bright, bold lip. In this Oriflame exclusive how-to, we show you all the steps for getting luscious, stand-out lips.
Red lips are always in style but when applying such a bold colour, it's easy to make mistakes. In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial video we show you how to get the perfect red lips for any occasion.
Begin by dusting powder over the lips to remove any shine or colour before you line them. This simple trick will also make your lipstick last longer.
Now, using a red pencil, start lining the lip from the cupid’s bow. Then move the pencil to the bottom lip and line it underneath.
3 PAINT YOUR LIPS USING A BRUSH
Using a brush, paint the lips in with red lipstick to make sure you achieve an even colour.
Finally, line the lips again to make sure everything looks even.
There you have it… your perfect red lips.
Two-tone lips are this season’s hottest trend. It’s the ideal way to wear your favorite bold colours, and a great technique for faking fuller lips! Create the look in under a minute with our exclusive video tutorial.
Express yourself with bold statement lips! Here’s a quick tutorial on how to make a colourful two-toned lip and a trendy ombré lip with lip crayons.
Think that liquid lipstick is only for the pros? Think again! After watching our short tutorial you’ll know exactly how to get flawless finish every time.
For a step-by-step guide click here.
Want stand-out lips that demand attention? Then check out this short video tutorial for simple tricks to get the perfect pout!
For a step-by-step guide click here.
A flawless makeup application starts with the right tools. Here’s a quick step by step guide to creating a stunning lip look.
For a step-by-step guide click here.
Want gorgeous party hair without putting in hours of prep-time? Check out this short video on how to make the perfect blow out at home!
No time to style your hair in the morning? No worries! This super cute wet bun takes less than 5 minutes and can be done straight out of the shower. Watch the video to see the steps!
Well-manicured nails – check! Monochrome polish – check! Geometric shapes – check! With our simple video, you’ll have this season’s most sought after nail look.
To read the step-by-step, click here.
We can’t think of a cuter manicure than the polka dot nails. And guess what? They’re super easy to do. Press play and we’ll show you how.
VIDEO TUTORIAL: NEGATIVE SPACE NAILS
To watch the step-by-step click here.
Want a manicure that really stands out? Colour blocking is a modern look that lets you have fun with contrasting colours. Check out our short video tutorial to see how easy it is to create this nail look at home!
A flawless complexion is always one of the first steps to looking your best, and in this exclusive Oriflame how-to, we walk you through how to apply base, foundation and pressed-power, saying goodbye to any imperfections and leaving you with smooth, glowing skin.
Have you ever wondered how to make your lips appear more voluptuous without injections or surgery? In this exclusive Oriflame tutorial, we teach you how to give your lips a boost by using some simple makeup tricks. Watch the video or read up on the steps below.
Start by using a lip balm on your lips. It’s important to make sure your lips are not flaky or dry but well moisturised.
The first step to creating an illusion of larger lips is using a lip pencil to draw slightly outside your own natural lip line. Choose a shade that is close to your own lip colour.
Highlighting your lips makes the lips reflect light, giving them a larger, plumper appearance. Using a nude lip pencil, draw above the cupid’s bow, then fill in the centre of your lips with light concealer to add an illusion of extra fullness.
Finish off by applying a nude lips gloss all over the lip – but be sure to fully blend the gloss and liner to avoid creating an unflattering border around your lips!
And there you have it… your lips have an instantly fuller look.
Summer skin is all about flushed cheeks and a sun kissed glow. Press play and master these 3 need-to-know bronzer and blush tricks.
Follow the step by step here.
This exclusive Oriflame tutorial will show you how to use contouring tricks to make your nose to look thinner or thicker depending on the shape you want.
Watch the video or read up on the steps here.
Love a glossy look, multipurpose makeup or just to experiment in general? Then this is the tutorial for you! Watch the video to learn 3 simple hacks for how to use lip gloss on your face.
For a step-by-step guide click here.
If there’s one thing you should focus on when it comes to makeup, it’s nailing a perfect base. That will help you create so many beautiful looks with little extra effort. So, how do you do it? Watch this short video to learn 3 great tricks!
For a step-by-step guide click here.
A flawless makeup application starts with the right tools. Here’s a video to show you how to pick and use the makeup brushes that are essential for creating a perfect base.
For a step-by-step guide click here.
Did you know that you can use the Giordani Gold Bronzing Pearls as blusher, contouring shade and highlighter? Check out this short video tutorial to see how!
For a step-by-step guide click here.
When we think of spas we usually think of a centre for rather expensive treatments, but now home spas are becoming the new big thing. Not only is making your own home spa a lot cheaper than going away, it’s also a great way of making any regular day into a sweet pampering session. Here are our best tips for creating your own home spa!
Start by creating a serene space for relaxation, make sure you have clean towels, light some candles (preferably scented ones to create that special setting) and put on relaxing music to help you get in that special relaxing mood to melt away some of those layers of stress.
A bath tub can play an important role in a home spa. Add some oil into the water and put on a facemask while you soak. Stay in the bath tub for 30 minutes at least. While you relax, pay attention to your breathing, slow down and regulate your in and out breaths.
After your bath, a shower is perfect to rinse off. Use a body wash and then exfoliate both your body and face to gently neat the skin. Exfoliation leaves the skin feeling smoother and fresher looking as well as making it easier for moisturizing products to penetrate. 
There's nothing quite like an oil or a serum to produce that shiny, glowy skin. Apply in a circling motion and finish off with a day or night cream depending on what time of the day it is!
Apply a moisturizer to your whole body immediately after your shower when your skin is still slightly damp. This will help lock the water into your skin. For best effect, pat your skin dry instead of rubbing with your towel before applying lotions. Don’t forget a hand lotion for your hands!
While in the shower, wash your hair with a good shampoo and conditioner followed by a conditioning hair mask. Try covering your hair with a towel or a shower cap and heat it with a dryer for a deep treatment. The heat helps the mask penetrate the hair follicles. Repeat the process if your hair is very dry.
Do: Spa after a stressful day.
Don’t: Let anybody disturb you, turn off your phone.
The American juice and smoothie industry alone is worth $2.3 billion a year – it’s big business. We’re promised radiant skin, weight loss, detoxed bodies and a clearer mind. But does the blend-trend reap the benefits it suggests? We investigate.
A daily juice or smoothie is an easy way to increase your dosage of fruit and vegetables and to stock up on the vitamins, minerals and antioxidants that your body needs to be healthy. In that sense, they are a healthy addition to your diet. But be weary of sugar. A single store bought smoothie can contain several kiwis and oranges, a banana, berries – that’s a lot of sugary fruit in one glass!
To keep your juices or smoothies as healthy as possible make them at home. Then try for low GI fruits like apples and pears and avoid adding sweetened yoghurts to your recipe. A good tip is to incorporate green vegetables into your smoothies too – try aiming for 70% vegetables and 30% fruit. And for a really nutritious drink, add protein with Greek yoghurt or almond milk.
But are they healthy? At the end of the day a mid-morning smoothie, will always be better for you than a mid-morning pastry!
But the truth is, smoothies and juices don’t reap all of their promised health benefits.
One “hyped” phenomenon is cold-press juicing, which in the U.S.A alone is worth over $100 million a year. Cold-pressed juices promise a healthier, more nutritious drink, but there is no evidence to support that this high pressure processing method is any better than any other method. So when it comes to cold-pressing we say: Hype.
And be wary of juice cleanses that promise to detox the body of toxins – a healthy body will rid itself of toxins on its own. A “day off” isn’t necessarily a bad thing, but juices and smoothies shouldn’t replace a large quantity of your meals – your body needs protein, healthy fats and other macronutrients too.
If you’re looking to lose or maintain your weight, adding a scoop of Natural Balance Shake  to your smoothie will add protein, fibre and Omega-3 to your diet and help reduce food cravings.
Your Essential Recipe Guide
THE IMMUNE BOOSTER SMOOTHIE
Fight off colds with this immune-boosting recipe that’s only 172kcal. 
1 scoop Natural Balance Shake
Get beautiful, smooth skin from the inside-out with our skin saviour smoothie! 
1 scoop Natural Balance Shake
Want more energy and focus? Start your day with this 167kcal drink.
1 scoop Natural Balance Shake
BALANCE YOUR BODY SMOOTHIE
If you’re sticking to a low-GI diet, this is the recipe for you!
1 scoop Natural Balance Shake Strawberry
What does your skin go through when you exercise and how do you protect it? Read our insider’s guide to find out more.
Whether you're a dedicated gym bunny or just an occasional jogger, these days, we're all well aware of the benefits of exercise. A good workout is an opportunity to take a break from the daily grind, rejuvenate our bodies and clear our minds of stress. But while we're all equally keen on a more toned belly and a calmer mind, we might sometimes forget that various physical activities can actually be quite tough on one of our most important parts: our skin.
"With exercise, the skin is immediately affected by the blood flow directed there to cool the body," explains Dr. Alain Mavon, previously a Professor of Dermatology at Pierre Fabre Research Institute, and currently Director of Skincare Research at Oriflame Cosmetics in Stockholm. "This gives us a healthy release of sweat and fluids, which is great for our bodies and our skin. We experience increased microcirculation, a cleaning-out effect of the pores, and the increased blood flow also carries away waste."
So while exercise certainly has benefits for the skin, it's by no means a free pass to a more youthful, clear complexion. Dr. Mavon underlines that we also need to be aware of exercise's adverse effects on the skin, and what we can do to counteract them.
"Clogged pores, potential acne and a disturbed ph. balance can all be consequences of sweating in an air conditioned environment such as a gym," explains Dr. Mavon. "Being exposed to chlorine from swimming pools can destroy the vitamin E in our skin, and stronger UV doses from prolonged periods outdoors can have a part to play in sun exposure diseases," he adds. "Our skin can be unnecessarily affected and we want to avoid that by practicing healthy skin care habits pre-and post exercise."
Rather than a coverall routine, our expert recommends taking into account the various challenges posed by different forms of exercise, and to treat accordingly. Taking the proper precautions before a training session will make all the difference: not only building your body's strength, but your skin's, too. Here Dr. Mavon lends a few insights about how to keep your skin fresh, no matter the workout that's ahead!
If exercising outdoors, Dr. Mavon advises using a moisturiser with sun protection prior to going out, not forgetting to cover the face as well as hands and anything more exposed. "Lips can really take a beating and need a coating of lip balm with SPF - carry one in your pocket for a re-touch - even the guys!" he says.
Sweating increases the photosensitivity of the skin, which makes you more susceptible to sunburn. Bear that in mind when doing winter sports as well, as the sun's rays are more powerful at high altitude.
Swimming is another activity that has fantastic benefits to the body and the mind but can, in turn, wreak havoc on the skin. When swimming in a chlorinated pool, Dr. Mavon suggests using a thicker moisturising cream, and applying plenty of sunscreen when swimming in salt water. Don't forget to protect your hair, by applying a light coating of oil or conditioner before you take a dip. Once you're out of the water, apply cleanser and moisturiser to prevent the skin from drying out.
Amidst our hectic modern lives, one of the easiest ways to squeeze in a workout is to head to the gym - but whether it's weight training or cardio, Zumba or spin, even in this controlled environment there are precautions that should be taken to protect your skin. "Gyms are great as they offer a wonderful variety of equipment, but these machines - be they weights or a stationary bike - can sometimes harbour germs and bacteria, and as we exercise, we can expose ourselves to these not so friendly microorganisms," explains Dr. Mavon. "Use the hand swipes often provided, wipe off machines, wash your hands frequently and keep them away from your face during a workout, especially if you’re prone to breakouts and blemishes."
Below, a few more of Dr. Mavon’s tips for a perfect athletic skincare regime:
1.  Use water resistant sun protection (almost!) all the time
2.  Use a gentle cleanser that keeps skin clean but balanced
3.  Use a range of moisturisers, depending on the climate, exposure and skin type.
4.  Use botanical antioxidants to counteract free radicals.
5.  Practice a holistic approach: from diet and skincare, down to sleep habits: snoozing allows your skin to repair, replenish and restore, in addition to promoting collagen synthesis and healthy skin renewal.
In this exclusive interview with Dr. Alain Mavon, our very own Skin Research Director takes us behind-the-scenes and into the lab to discuss the extensive research and hard science that is at the heart of all Oriflame products. From the benefits of plant stem cell technology, to a quick explanation of how the skin actually works, here Dr. Mavon shares his expertise and touches upon some of the topics that play into his everyday.
The supplement that gives the stars and YOU a healthy body and a luminous complexion.
Beauty freak that I am, I’m constantly looking for new solutions that can (effortlessly) make me look and feel a princess – or maybe more like, oh, Beyoncé.  Have you also downed the fish oil and aloe vera juice in hopes of radiant skin and a strong body? When I found out via the Daily Mail that Gwyneth Paltrow and Heidi Klum both take a supplement called astaxanthin, my antennae went up! Surely this has to be good?
I was dying to know, so I contacted Burçak Ulmer, senior nutritionist at Oriflame, and Åke Lignell, CEO and in charge of research and development at Astareal, to find out how astaxanthin works and whether I can really boost my body and my beauty just by taking a capsule along with my breakfast smoothie. Too good to be true?
The first thing I ask is what astaxanthin is and how it affects my body.
‘It’s a carotenoid, a natural pigment found in the algae Haematococcus Pluvialis’, Burçak explains. ‘Among else, it’s what makes salmon pink.’
The algae are dried, crushed to powder and put into capsules. The pigment is a powerful antioxidant that does everything from providing UV protection to fighting free radicals. It prevents soreness after exercise and is so effective that elite athletes take it so they can return to training faster.
Åke Lignell answers my question about what astaxanthin can do for my skin (currently ignoring all my attempts at radiance). He explains that the supplement will boost collagen, reduce lines and hydrate the skin so it becomes more elastic. I immediately feel much more enthusiastic!
Burçak explains that astaxanthin is fat-soluble and absorbed best if taken with food. ‘To power up the effect, you can take it with fish oil,’ she suggests.
A big salad is always nourishing and if your inspiration runs dry once you get past tomatoes and cucumbers, lots of great cookbooks feature recipes for filling salads.
Personally, I’m happy to try all the veggies and supplements out there. And the advantages of astaxanthin sound too good to ignore. That said, I’ll be adding another jar to my vitamin shelf at home – I think we are going to get along very well together!
Today’s “it” products are eco-conscious and age-defying.
It has been raining skincare innovation in the last few years. The category of active skincare cosmetics like BB cream has made our bases gentler to our skin and we are taking nutritional supplements for the skin like never before.
But the hottest topic right now just might be plant stem cells – premature cells that, if allowed to develop, can mimic other cells and repair tissue damage. To find out what stem cell technology is doing for skincare, we turned to Dr Alain Mavon, skin research director for Oriflame.
For us non-scientists – what are stem cell extracts in products?
– In skincare, we use plant stem cells. We process plants generated with stem cell technology whose extracts can boost the skin.
Are human stem cells used in skincare?
– No. The use of human stem cells is very restrictive. There is a great deal of research in this field, but mainly in medicine.
Why is stem cell technology a skincare breakthrough?
– The goal is sustainable production of active ingredients. Exotic flowers are often used in skincare products, which impacts the environment. Now we can use stem cell extracts to cultivate new plants in the lab instead. And the technology produces plants with more concentrated extracts, so we need fewer of them.
How do flower extracts beautify the skin?
– Products with the extracts contain plant peptides (amino acid molecules) that can penetrate the skin and reproduce in collagen form. This stimulates collagen growth and repairs the skin, which becomes smoother.
We talk a lot about collagen – a protein formed in the dermis, the second layer of the skin, which makes our skin smooth and pliable. Collagen fibres weave together into a large ‘mat’ that supports the epidermis, the outermost layer of the skin.
Some say creams that ‘penetrate the skin’ are not a good idea. Are they right?
– You cannot fight skin problems unless the ingredients sink into the layers of the skin – it is down deep that the active ingredients are effective. However, only a tiny amount of product actually penetrates the skin.
How long before I see the effects of skincare?
– Give it three months. And remember, no cream will stop you from ageing. You are boosting collagen and protecting your skin to keep it looking better for longer than it would have done without any skincare.
What is the ideal skincare regime?
– Use a day cream with SPF and a night cream. Invest in products you like because you are going to use them every day.
Last but not least: skincare has to be consistent to be effective. You will still celebrate your birthdays, but you will blow out your candles with healthier skin than if you ignore your products. Let the moisturising begin!
Words by: Emma Nybom Johansson
Late nights, meals on the go and one too many cups of coffee can play havoc with your skin. Having left teenage breakouts behind (phew!) your skin in your twenties tends to give way to new problems: expression lines, dullness and visible pores - aka the first signs of ageing; here’s how to treat them.
Solution: Post-teenage women tend to experience an increase in the hormone progesterone, which can lead to dry skin. This is why proper hydration from an early age is so important – it’ll ward off the first signs of ageing! Moisturising with a day cream that contains amino acids, antioxidants, minerals and vitamins will plump skin cells, targeting the first signs of ageing. Layer the True Perfection day cream, containing acai plant stem cell extract over your serum for a fresh-faced glow.
AGEING SIGN: UNDER-EYE BAGS
Solution: If you’re pulling all-nighters, eating salty food and scrimping on the water, you’re likely to experience puffy, under-eye bags. Treating the aforementioned is a no-brainer, but you’ll also want to invest in an eye cream that contains caffeine to tighten the area. An eye cream will protect from damage and treat the first signs of ageing – after all, this is where you show them first! For an instant pick-me-up, store in the fridge for a cooling massage upon application. 
AGEING SIGN: UNEVEN SKIN TONE
Solution: You may have noticed patchiness, larger pores and a dull skin tone that you’re sure wasn’t there before. Stress and a lack of sleep can cause your body to overproduce cortisol, which can worsen inflammatory conditions and breakouts. It also interrupts your body’s natural repair process, which is why you look “aged” when you haven’t slept well – if you want better skin, get eight hours of shut-eye. 
But if you’re experiencing hyperpigmentation caused by hormonal changes or sun damage, look for a product that contains hydroquinone, Vitamin C or Multi Brightening Technology (found in Bright Sublime). And – of course – wear SPF. 
Solution: Now is the time to get exfoliating. Invest in a cleansing device (like SkinPro Cleansing Device) to whip away any dead skin cells and look for an age-appropriate way to increase cell turnover: glycolic acid (found in True Perfection night cream), lactic acid and salicylic acid will smooth out imperfections. 
You can never have too many antioxidants in your skin care routine and a serum is the most efficient way of getting them. Silk Tree Extract is an anti-inflammatory that acts on a cellular level to hydrate and combat ageing. The True Perfection Miracle Perfecting Serum, containing Silk Tree Extract, has been clinically proven to increase skin radiance by 95% - impressive right?
Solution: Take a serious look at your sugar consumption: Are you consuming more than six teaspoons of sugar a day? Sugar activates inflammation, binding and damaging collagen and elastin, which leads to wrinkles and sagging. A healthy diet is an essential complement to your skin care routine.
Finally, add the powerful antioxidant astaxanthin to your supplement intake – it can help boost collagen, reduce lines and hydrate the skin. More elasticity = better looking skin!
Our skin is constantly exposed to challenging conditions: pollution, stress, sun damage – the list goes on. But we can give our skin a helping had with antioxidants and vitamins. Here’s the ones you need to know.
THE ONE THAT GIVES YOU GLOW
Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) is a potent antioxidant that protects skin from free-radical damage caused by environmental aggressors like sun damage and pollution. As a consequence, it’s an effective anti-ageing treatment – particularly as it boosts collagen production and helps repair tissue too. It also inhibits the production of tyrosiniase (the enzyme found in skin cells that produces melanin), which is why its an effective brightening ingredient and often used to treat hyperpigmentation. Not bad for one vitamin, right? 
You’ll probably find Vitamin A in your anti-ageing products under the guise of retinol. 
This powerful antioxidant is a cell-communicating ingredient, which means it attaches to skin cells and and makes them behave like younger skin cells. Think of it as a battle: retinol vs free-radical. While free-radicals cause skin cells to behave older, Vitamin A tells the same cells to behave younger. The result? Smoother skin. There’s only one downside: if your skin is easily irritated you may need to introduce it gradually. 
Vitamin E (Tocopherol) is an antioxidant that reduces the risk of free-radical damage, particularly caused by sunlight. This is because it absorbs the energy from UV rays, targeting the harmful effects of it, such as fine lines and wrinkles. Aside from anti-ageing properties, it also strengthens the skin’s moisture barrier and acts as an anti-inflammatory making it an effective treatment for problems like sunburn or scarring.
Vitamin B3 (niacin or niacinamide) boosts the production of ceramides (the “glue” that binds surface skin cells together). This process strengthens the skin’s barrier function, keeping “good” moisture in, and “bad” irritants out. This shield-like behaviour makes it an effective anti-ager. But Vitamin B3 also has anti-inflammatory properties, which is why it’s often used to treat acne. And because it has cell-communicating properties that tells cells to produce more collagen, it’s also effective at treating the red marks left behind by breakouts.
Your definitive guide to navigating all of the skin care ingredients you've heard of, but never understood.
What is it? An Oriflame patented active taken from aspartic acid, an amino acid found in grains, seeds and nuts. 
What does it do?Clinically proven to restore the skins flexibility, Asparto Lift helps old skin cells make collagen and elastin more efficiently. This plumps wrinkles and targets sagging.
Best for: Sagging skin and wrinkles.
Where you can find it: Novage Ultimate Lift
....................................................................................
What is it? A naturally occurring stimulant
What does it do?Kick-starts the draining of fluid to target puffiness in the under-eye area. Also tightens skin.  
Best for: Tired-looking eyes
Where you can find it: Ultimate Lift Advanced Lifting Eye Cream
....................................................................................
What is it? An anti-ageing nutrient that is naturally made by the soya bean
What does it do? Acts on a genetic level to stimulate youthful looking skin. It counteracts dryness, maintains skin cell turnover and helps firm the skin’s structure.
Best for: Mature, ageing skin
Where you can find it: Novage Ultimate Lift
.....................................................................................
What is it? An alpha-hydroxy acid (AHA) that is naturally found in plants 
What does it do?Exfoliates the outer, dull layers of the skin by breaking the bonds between old skin cells to give way to new ones.
Best for: Anyone wanting radiant skin 
Where you can find it: Ecollagen Serum
....................................................................................
What is it? An Oriflame active based on 50% lingonberry and 50% lingonberry leaf
What does it do? Antioxidants keep skin strong, detoxify and protect skin DNA against oxidative stress that causes damage. 
Where you can find it: Optimals
....................................................................................
What is it? A plant stem cell extract that is taken from cells found in the stems of a potato-like plant. Think of a plant’s cell wall as your skin’s elastin and collagen – it’s necessary for shape and structure. It’s mixed with tripeptides and sugars.
What does it do? Pro-Collagen peptides protect against the breakdown of collagen, which leads to older-looking skin. It stimulates and boosts the production of collagen to reduce the appearance of winkles. 
Best for: Mild wrinkles and ageing skin
Where you can find it: Ecollagen skin care set
.................................................................................... 
What is it? A powerful active found in the flower of the Persian Silk Tree 
What does it do? Targets skin cells to reduce the level of cellular impurities, evening skin tone and texture and adding radiance. 
Best for: First signs of ageing
Where you can find it: True Perfection
.....................................................................................
What is it? An extract taken from a plant species that is native to Canada 
What does it do? It stops the production of tyrosinase (the enzyme which creates melanin) to stop age spots and discolouration. 
Best for: Even skin tone and hyperigmentation
Where can you find it: Optimals Even Out  
...........................................................................................................................................
What is it? A high quality, natural ingredient that is taken from the leaves and twigs of the tea tree
What does it do? Because of its ability to target bacteria and sooth the skin, it’s an effective treatment for spots. It also reduces water loss and increases moisture in the skin. 
Best for: Blemishes and teenage skin
Where can you find it: Love Nature Tea Tree Oil
.....................................................................................
What is it? A natural, Oriflame patented technology that boosts collagen. It’s made from natural peptides (proteins that are made from chains of amino acids) to target wrinkles.  
What does it do? To boost collagen, it uses three natural peptides: collagen peptide that is found in yeast, an energy peptide (from rice) that promotes cell production, and an anti-oxidant peptide taken from wheat that prevents cell damage from UV rays. These work together to plump wrinkles and treat signs of ageing. 
Best for: Wrinkles and ageing skin
Where you can find it: Ecollagen skin care set
Touted as the “French girl’s beauty secret”, you may have heard of micellar water before. It’s a non-rinse, soap-free alternative to cleanser, but does it stand up to the hype? We investigate.
HOW DOES MICELLAR WATER WORK?
The micellar water formula is made of micelles: nano-sized, fatty oil molecules suspended in soft water. Micelles are attracted to dirt and oil, so when applied to the skin they pick up sebum and dissolve dirt and makeup. There’s no need to rinse-off afterwards, just apply by via a cotton pad and leave to absorb before moisturising.
Micellar water is particularly good for those with sensitive or very dry skin. If you find that foamy cleansers or toners leave your skin taut, tingling or blotchy, then try switching your cleansing routine for micellar water. But note: it’s not as thorough as a cleanser, so avoid waterproof or long-wear makeup that’s harder to remove.
If you have ageing concerns or are acne-prone, micellar water will not be as effective as a targeted cleanser and toner duo. It will however offer a gentle alternative to makeup remover and can be a highly effective pre-cleansing product.
The idea that micellar water is a makeup remover, cleanser, toner and moisturiser all in one is unrealistic – no product’s that good!
It is however, a quick and easy makeup remover that’s gentle on the skin. If you have dry or sensitive skin, it’s certainly worth investing in (try Diamond Cellular‘s Solution), but you’ll still need to follow with moisturising products and SPF for daywear.
For other skin types, micellar water comes into it’s own when used on the go. It’s an ideal cleansing replacement when you are somewhere with little access to water and need to hydrate or remove makeup quickly. But for everyday wear take a more targeted approach to skin care.
Making sense of the scientific jargon related to wellness is not easy. As our bodies don’t naturally produce vitamins, minerals and Omega fatty acids, we need to get these nutrients from our diet - but which ones, and why? Our comprehensive guide will give you the healthy help you need.
Vitamin A You need Vitamin A for healthy skin, vision, your body’s immune system and growth. Our bodies convert beta carotene, the red-orange pigment found in vegetables and fruits, into as much Vitamin A as we need, so there’s no need to worry about overdoing it.
Eat: Leafy green vegetables, carrots, apricots, dairy, eggs and fish.
Vitamin B There are eight recognised B Vitamins that work to give you a healthy metabolism, nerve and muscle function and cell division. Vitamin B is particularly sensitive to processing, which is why people who eat a lot of processed foods are often slightly deficient in it.
Eat: Raw vegetables and fruit, nuts, wholegrain products (like brown rice or whole wheat pasta), eggs, meat and fish.
Vitamin C Most people are familiar with Vitamin C. This powerful antioxidant plays an essential part in creating collagen in connective tissue, which is why it’s imperative for healthy skin, teeth, bones and blood vessels. It also helps your body extract iron from food.
Eat: Fruit, berries, sprouts and root vegetables.
Vitamin D The most important source of Vitamin D is sunlight, and a 30-minute walk during the day is said to be as beneficial as drinking 10 glasses of milk! You need Vitamin D to absorb calcium and for a well-functioning immune system, as well as normal muscle function. A lack of Vitamin D can cause bone disease, so it’s essential that you get an adequate amount. 
Eat: Oily fish and egg yolk.
Vitamin E The Vitamin E antioxidant protects the body’s cells from free radicals, which damage healthy cells. It works hand in hand with Vitamin C.
Eat: Nuts, beans, eggs, leafy greens and cereals.
Vitamin K Vitamin K helps your blood clot and bones rebuild and repair. The bacteria in your intestine naturally produces Vitamin K, but you should also get it from your diet.
Eat: Dark green leafy vegetables (broccoli, spinach and brussel sprouts) 
Calcium Calcium is essential for healthy bones, teeth and tissue. It regulates muscle and nerve function and is essential for blood clotting.
Eat: Leafy green vegetables, almonds, beans, fruit and dairy.
Magnesium Magnesium is involved in more than 300 essential metabolic reactions in your body, including energy production, normal heart function and muscle contraction. It’s common for people to not have enough magnesium in their diets.
Eat: Leafy green vegetables, nuts (cashew and almonds), seeds and whole grains.
Selenium Selenium helps make antioxidant enzymes that prevent the damaging effects of free radicals. If you don’t get enough selenium you may suffer from a weakened immune system or poor heart function.
Eat: Cereals, nuts, mushrooms and fish.
Zinc A healthy-functioning immune system needs Zinc to work properly. Zinc helps your body heal wounds, break down carbohydrates, build strong skin and contributes to well-functioning sight, smell and taste.
Eat: Seeds (sesame, sunflower and pumpkin), nuts, meat, lentils and mushrooms.
Iodine Iodine is an essential component of the thyroid hormones, which regulate metabolism, growth and development, and the reproductive function. A lack of iodine can lead to mental disorders.
Eat: Salt, seaweed, seafood, beans, potatoes, dairy and eggs.
Copper Copper is needed for a healthy central nervous system, energy and melanin production. You also need it to form collagen and elastin in the skin and for healthy connective tissue in the heart, blood and your bones. 
Eat: Beans, nuts, seeds, grains and mushrooms.
Iron Iron is needed for our red blood cells to detoxify and carry oxygen around our bodies. Without iron you risk developing anaemia. 
Eat: Lentils, beans strawberries and red meat
Omega-3 Like vitamins, the body cannot create Omega 3, so you need to get it from your diet or via a supplement. Omega-3 reduces inflammation, which can help lower the risk of heart disease, cancer and arthritis. It also supports the functions of the brain and eye.
Eat: Fatty fishes (mackerel, trout and salmon), flax seeds, walnuts, Omega-3 supplements.
The latest research helps define visual signs of ageing, helping us to work towards effectively maintaining youthful skin.
There are lots of positive things about ageing. As we get older, we become wiser and more experienced, and we tend to have a more rational approach based on logic and careful judgement. What’s more, with age we become less dependent on the opinions of other people and therefore it is easier to get focused on thing that really matter for us.
If only age had no effect on our appearance, and in particular on the condition of skin! It is quite impossible to stop this process, but to significantly slow it down and keep skin youthful for longer is possible – and as science advances every day, it becomes easier. 
Here’s what Holly Greenfield, Oriflame skincare expert, says, 
“A woman of around 35 might suddenly notice changes to her face that she hadn’t noticed before. Of course, these changes don’t occur overnight, but we can do everything in our power to minimize damage to the collagen in the skin, to stimulate its production and therefore reduce the severity of our first wrinkles.”
When we talk about ageing skin, we usually mean the outward signs: wrinkles, dry skin, which increases with age, redness, an uneven complexion or dark spots.
The scientific approach to skincare is to first evaluate exactly which signs of ageing are most influential in making us appear older. We can then target them through procedures or skin care products.
At Oriflame, specialists have developed an innovative research method for the visual assessment of women’s age: Age Reflect. The study has three stages. At the first stage, close-up pictures of women's faces were taken with a device known as the Visia, which is used for the integrated analysis of the skin and complexion, but also helps to reveal the typical signs of ageing. Next, each image is evaluated by experts in order to determine the signs of ageing compared with the age of the participants. Finally, the same images are evaluated by independent jury members to determine the ages of the women in the photos.
This combination of estimating visual age and actual age, along with the results of focus groups and expert assessment, allowed these experts to determine exactly which signs of ageing have the strongest impact on the visual perception of age. They have used this knowledge to develop innovative new solutions and effective anti-ageing skincare.
One of the priorities of the Oriflame research centre is to work in the field of plant stem cells. Director of the Skin Research Centre, Alain Mavon says, “In the course of research, we found that plant stem cells have potent effects on the skin. We’ve developed innovative complex contains peptides – amino acid molecules – that penetrate the skin and trigger the synthesis of collagen. The result is a product with a dual action: the first is that it helps to increase the production of skin collagen by 200%. And the second is that it prevents the destruction of collagen in cells, ‘pushing out’ the wrinkles from within.”
The ultimate goal of studies such Age Reflect is to help people find skincare products that are right for them. Oriflame uses the technology at its disposal to create products that allow women to look up to eight years younger, according to an independent evaluation of the focus group... meaning you can enjoy all the positive aspects of age, without its visual impact.
Meet a top yoga instructor: Alysa Volpe, who teaches at the Miraval Life in Balance Resort, Tucson, Arizona.
What are the best ways for living a healthy lifestyle? We asked yoga expert Alysa Volpe for insider tips on how to maintain a balanced life. 
– I’m 39 years old and I work at Miraval Resort and Spa in Arizona. I live in Tucson.
Why did you become a yoga teacher?
– When I turned 30, I realized that I was very unhappy at my desk job. I knew I wanted to do something that brought both challenges and joy to myself and others, and yoga had been part of my routine for almost a decade. It was something I loved so I decided to become a certified yoga instructor. 
What’s your typical beauty and well-being routine?
– Except for the monsoon season from June to September, Tucson tends to be very dry so I oil my body daily with either sesame or almond oil. I drink a lot of water and moisturize throughout the day and before I go to bed. 
Describe your favourite beauty look. 
– I try to keep it simple but I am a fan of lip colour and mascara. My hair is usually pulled back but if the stars align just right my wavy hair gets to hang out, so to speak. I’m a fan of boots and tend to wear them year round!
Give us your five best personal beauty and health tips for busy women on the go.
2. Get at least seven hours of sleep.
3. Try to eat food whose ingredients you can easily identify. 
4. Be comfortable enough to breathe with ease in any outfit you wear.
5. Don't call yourself ugly, fat, skinny or label others that way, either. You should be kinder to yourself and others and that’s always the most attractive quality a person can have.
Surprisingly, there is a lot of information available that’s either inaccurate or just plain wrong! Read our guide on the most common skincare myths to learn more.
1 I should change my skincare often because the skin adapts.
If the products of your choice are compatible with your skin, there is no reason to change them, they will not become less effective. This goes especially for products with clinical results which have been tested for their efficiency over a period of time.  You can always adapt your routine according to your skin needs (different seasons, hormonal changes etc).
2 I don’t need sunscreen on a cloudy day
Clouds do not block the sun’s harmful rays. Actually, up to 80% of the UV rays that cause sun damage penetrate clouds, so you can still get a sunburn on a cloudy day. 
3 A product with SPF 30 provides twice as much protection as SPF 15
SPF refers to the ability of a sunscreen to block ultraviolet B (UVB) rays, which cause sunburns, but not UVA rays, which are more closely linked to deeper skin damage. The SPF rating is a measure of the time it would take you to sunburn if you were not wearing sunscreen as opposed to the time it would take with sunscreen on. An SPF 15 sunscreen blocks 93% of UVB radiation, while an SPF 30 sunscreen blocks nearly 97%.
4 Pores can open and close
Pores do not have muscles therefore they cannot open and close.  Cleansing twice daily, will keep them free from impurities and as such, will appear smaller. 
5 Natural ingredients are better than synthetic ones
Natural ingredients are not necessarily better than synthetic, or the other way around. Some synthetic ingredients have been tested and used safely in the cosmetics for decades whereas some natural ingredients used in excess can cause rashes. 
6 I have oily skin so I do not need moisturisers
Moisturisers are formulated to do just that: Moisture! All skin types need it. You just have to pick a moisturiser for oily skin. The best for you is to find something more like a GEL, which will be a lighter version of a moisturiser.
7 Anti-ageing care should only start once you see the signs of ageing
Caring for the skin should start at an early age as the main ageing factors such as sun exposure, have a cumulative effect over the years. It is therefore important to protect the skin from the sun’s harmful rays, and to always follow a daily skincare routine including a cleanser, a toner, an eye cream, a serum, a day and a night cream. These should be adjusted as the skin’s needs change. 
8 There is not much I can do about my skin ageing, my mother’s DNA is dictating it
DNA dictates only a small part of your skin’s overall youthful look. Through products and lifestyle we can affect 80% of our skins ageing. Only 20% of what’s going on with your skin is genetics. Sun exposure being the number 1 cause of premature skin ageing!
The latest beauty trend is a tech-savvy product that millions of A-listers already swear by. But what’s the secret and how does it really work?
We all want healthy looking skin, and it’s not exactly news that this requires a consistent and carefully planned cleansing routine. The latest favourite beauty regimen of both A-listers and beauty editors is not fluid-based – it is a face-cleansing tool that glides over the skin with rotating movements. Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and Jake Gyllenhaal are fans together with millions of people world wide who have learned that you can get healthy looking skin quickly and more effectively with this new uber hyped beauty tool.
The simple answer is that well cleansed skin is better prepared and primed for whatever treatment products are applied after. Your skin products will better absorbed and will easily deliver their active ingredients deeper in your skin after using the cleansing device. This of course leads to lessening the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
A cleansing device works gently and effectively removing dirt, makeup, dead skin cells and deep seated impurities from pores. But not only does a cleansing device clean the skin it also massages and stimulates the blood circulation giving the skin a beautiful radiant glow. The cleansing routine takes only 1 minute but has been clinically proven to give users noticeably more radiant skin and less visible pores in only a few weeks. Hello luminous and refined complexion!
As more people obtain healthy, dewy skin tones with a salon-worthy results at home, it’s obvious that there is a steadfast competitor on the market. 
Click here for a step by step guide on how to use a facial cleanser.
The world of fragrance is jam-packed with jargon. Have you ever read the back of a perfume box and felt - well – confused? If you don’t know your “parfums” from your “toilettes”, don’t worry; we’re here to help
Eau de Cologne: An eau de cologne is the lightest of the fragrances, made up of a solution of about 3 per cent perfume. It’s an ideal choice for hot, summer days.
Eau de Toilette: Made up of 3 to 8 per cent perfume compound, an eau de toilette is ideal for warm spring and summer weather. They tend to be refreshing fragrances that fade quite quickly.
Eau de Parfum: Eau de parfums demonstrate top, middle and base notes. Perfect for spraying on hair and clothes (although avoid delicate fabrics), it’s a less intense version of parfum. 
Parfum: A parfum (or perfume) has the densest concentration of the perfume compound. It’s top, middle and base notes slowly release over time, changing throughout its wear. It’s the strongest of the fragrances and should be applied to the skin at pulse spots.
"A sweet and warm smell, it’s one of the perfume world’s most legendary scents."
Accord: A scent that’s made up of several perfume notes or ingredients to create a distinct fragrance. 
Top Notes: Your initial reaction to a fragrance is formed on its top notes. These tend to be strong scents that evaporate quickly. 
Middle Notes: Middle notes, or heart notes, sit between the base and top notes in their longevity. They are usually floral or herbal scents like rose and lavender.
Base Note: This refers to the heaviest ingredients in a perfume. The base and middle notes create a scent’s main theme, but you might not smell a base note until 30 minutes after application.  Musk is a popular base note. 
Floral: Fragrances that capture the scent of a bouquet. The floral family often combine notes of orange blossom, peonies, neroli and freesias. Alternatively, a single floral fragrance is dominated by one particular flower, such as the rose.
My Naked Truth Eau de Toilette
Fruity: From raspberry and apples, to grapefruit and lemon, fruity scents tend to be fresh and feminine. 
Pretty Swan Eau de Toilette
Oriental: Amber is the cornerstone of the Oriental fragrance family. A sweet and warm smell, it’s one of the perfume world’s most legendary scents. Tonka bean and vanilla are often found in Oriental fragrances.
Amber Elixir Eau de Parfum
Spicy/Woody: Warm and enveloping, a spicy fragrance might be peppered with tobacco, cinnamon, sandalwood, cedar wood or vibrant ginger. Patchouli is commonly found inwoody or spicy colognes.
So Fever her Eau de Parfum
They say that a smile can light up an entire room. And yet many people site their smile – or more accurately, their teeth – as their number one source of insecurity. If you’re feeling self-conscious about discoloured teeth, our nine tips could change that. Now that’s something to smile about!
1. Make sure you brush your teeth twice a day for at least two minutes each time. Choose a whitening toothpaste that will target discolouring and brighten your teeth.c
2. Let’s talk tools: Your toothbrush has a shelf life of three months – maximum. If the bristles are soft and worn down, it’s time to buy a new one!
3. You’ve probably heard that coffee, tea, fruit juices and red wine can stain your teeth. A great way to minimise marks is to drink with a straw. Yes you’ll look a bit mad at the bar, but at least your smile will gleam!
4. Citrus fruits are a great source of Vitamin C, but the acids found in oranges and grapefruits can erode tooth enamel. To avoid damage, rinse your mouth out with warm water after eating.
5. Did you know that brushing your tongue is as important as brushing your teeth? Not only does it prevent bad breath, but removing the bacteria from your tongue can prevent discolouration too.
6. Although baking soda is a household teeth whitener, don’t overdo it. Its “polishing” qualities may in fact wear away enamel causing long-term damage.
7. Raw fruit and vegetables are not only great for your health; they’re great for your oral hygiene too. Chewing crunchy food causes your mouth to produce a lot of saliva, giving your teeth an instant clean.
8. Take your smile seriously and visit the dentist every six months. We know it’s not fun, but a professional clean and check-up will keep your teeth in good health.
9. A tip from the makeup team: Wear red, hot pink or plum coloured lipsticks for instantly whiter looking teeth. Why? The blue undertones will neutralise any yellow stains giving the illusion of extra sparkle!
Genetics plays a principal factor in your skin’s appearance. But hormonal changes, dietary habits and the environment all influence your skin’s behaviour too. That’s why identifying your skin type is the first step to knowing how to care for your face properly. The second step, is knowing how to adjust your skin care routine to suit the changes in your skin’s condition.
Combination skin can be tricky to identify because it features two or more types of skin at once. Normally those with combination skin have an oily T-zone, but dry or normal skinelsewhere. 
Use different products for different parts of your face. Lightweight gels and oil-absorbing products will tame your T-zone, while nourishing creams will help the drier parts. 
Products we recommend for oily skin: Optimals Oxygen Boost Day Cream Oily Skin, True Perfection Perfecting Serum Ecollagen Lightweight Cream. 
Shiny skin that’s often worsened by hormonal changes in your body, or over-treating with high-alcohol content products. You may suffer from blackheads and spots, or enlarged pores around your T-zone.  
Don’t try to dry your skin out by over washing, as this will only trigger further oil production. Instead use a gentle cleanser, followed by a non-comedogenic serum or gel based lotion. Moisturising oily skin might seem counterintuitive, but it is essential for restoring imbalance. Blotting papers can help remove excess oil during the day and a weekly clay mask will draw out dirt.
Products we recommend for oily skin: Optimals Oxygen Boost Day Cream Oily Skin, True Perfection Perfecting Serum or Ecollagen Lightweight Cream.
Dry skin has nothing to do with a lack of moisture, but rather your outer layer of skins ability to maintain stable moisture levels.  Dry skin is characterised by very tight pores, a rough complexion with visible lines and red patchiness.
Switch harsh cleansing ingredients that strip away your skin lipids, with a mild cleansing milk. A high SPF moisturiser will prevent sun damage that can lead to dry skin, as will day creams that contain urea and lactic acid. Rather than exfoliate, gently massage skin with a muslin cloth to remove impurities. Hot showers will dry you out, so turn the temperature down a notch.
Products we recommend for dry skin: True Perfection Day Moisturiser and Ecollagen Advanced Protection Day Shield SPF30
Easily irritated, sensitive skin may have a bumpy texture, with dry patches or redden easily.
Avoid products that are highly fragranced or contain strong ingredients that target ageing. If your symptoms include itchiness and red bumps, try introducing new skin care products slowly by means of a patch test. Try to keep your skin care routine simple to avoid reactions.
Products we recommend for sensitive skin: Optimals Oxygen Boost Day Cream Dry/ Sensitive Skin.
Acne-prone skin isn't reserved for teens alone. In fact it affects many women well into their 30's and 40’s (and on!). Here are seven common culprits for worsening your skin - and how to kick acne once and for all.
It is a common misconception that acne-prone skin is dirty skin. It’s not. One of the main contributing factors to acne is excess production of oil, which can clog pores and become infected. Because of the oily appearance of skin, it can be tempting to over-wash your face and to use ultra-drying ingredients. But drying out skin will only trigger more oil production. Instead use a gentle, alcohol-free cleanser and lightweight moisturiser daily.
Tiredness is no excuse not to cleanse before bedtime. During the day your skin produces oil and collects impurities that sit on the skin’s surface. If it stays on the skin for a prolonged period of time, it breeds bacteria and causes spots. Make sure you remove all makeup before bed with a cleanser, using a toner to remove any stubborn leftover dirt.
Exfoliation is the removal of dead skin cells. If dry skin isn’t removed, it builds up on your skin’s surface and clogs your pores causing blackheads and blemishes. A gentle exfoliator will help remove skin cells, or use a cleansing device (like the SkinPro Cleansing System).
For some, dairy is the chief culprit of cystic bumps forming along the jawline. Although the dairy and acne link has not been completely proved, it may be worth cutting out dairy for several weeks to see if you notice an improvement. 
"As tempting as it may be, avoid picking at that spot!
When you pop blemishes you prolong the healing process"
Many products that target teenage acne are harsh and over-drying, but these products are too tough on older skin. The more dehydrated your skin is, the more oil it produces leading to blemishes. Pick age-appropriate skin care that is oil-free and packed with antioxidants. Products that contain salicylic acid (like BioClinic Adult Skin anti-Breakout) can help keep acne-causing bacteria at bay.
Your body is designed to fight infection, so as tempting as it may be, avoid picking at that spot! When you pop blemishes you prolong the healing process by pushing bacteria deeper into the skin. You also increase the chance of scarring.
Bacteria and oil from the environment, your hair, skin and sweat, can build-up on your pillowcase and bedding and transfer back to your face. Use pillowcases made from natural fibres and flip them over nightly. Launder your bedding in fragrance-free washing powder and change pillowcases every second night.
Natural hair care products have come a long way. These days they’re longer lasting, more effective and better formulated than ever before. We look at some of nature’s most potent ingredients, to see if Mother Earth can solve all our hair care needs.
WHAT DO WE MEAN BY NATURAL HAIR CARE? 
Although it’s hard to pinpoint what is meant by natural, we believe natural ingredients should be sourced from plants or other natural sources. These ingredients are extracted mechanically and use natural solvents, rather than chemical alternatives.
Fine, thin or damaged hair will benefit from the use of honey in hair care. Honey is a fantastic natural softening and smoothing ingredient, as it’s composed of hair healthy nutrients including amino acids and vitamins, which moisturise.
Milk is another all-natural option, as it’s packed with proteins that provide moisture and condition and strengthen hair. Milk is also rich in Vitamin A and B6, which keep hair soft and shiny.
We recommend: Milk & Honey
”We believe natural ingredients should be sourced from plants or other natural sources.”
Washing, brushing and drying hair can leave it dull and dry. If you suffer from very brittle hair, look for an all-natural oil. Moroccan Argan oil’s high Vitamin E, antioxidant and fatty acid content make it a popular all-natural conditioning treatment. It’s one of the most effective ingredients for improving hair elasticity, reducing frizziness and repairing damage. Or try, Vitamin A rich Burdock root extracts, which has been used for centuries to nourish hair and promote hair growth.
You’ve probably seen tea tree oil in skin care products targeting acne, but the Australian ingredient is also ideal for relieving an irritated scalp and naturally treating dandruff. Another all-natural dandruff remedy is Amla oil, a soothing Vitamin-C rich oil that’s popular in India. Because ginger oil is a natural anti-inflammatory, it’s another highly effective treatment for a flaky scalp.
We recommend: Hair X DANDRUFF
Shikakai is sometimes referred to as the “fruit for hair” because of it’s cleansing properties. Naturally mild, its low PH balance means it doesn’t strip hair of natural oils, making it well suited for those wanting to treat dull hair with a botanical product.
If you want something a bit more potent, try Moringa Oil; a dose of this strengthening oil has more Vitamin A than a carrot and more Vitamin C than an orange, not to mention its full of antioxidants and essential amino acids.
We recommend: Hair X SHINE REVIVER 
Ultra-enriching Baobab oil nourishes hair damaged by dyeing. Extracted from the Baobab tree it contains Vitamins A, D, E and F, which repair and rejuvenate, while omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids fight free radicals to keep hair hydrated from root to tip. 
We recommend: Hair X COLOUR PROTECT
Ever wondered why loss of firmness makes skin look older or how you can achieve that youthful bounce again? We have the answer (and the solution!). Keep reading to learn why skin sags with age and how our scientific breakthrough AspartoLift will help.
THE SCIENCE OF FIRMNESS LOSS 
Our science lies in the fibroblast cells within the skin’s dermis, which synthesise elastin. In our youth, fibroblasts are flexible and effectively produce all the elastin we need to keep our skin supple and bouncy. Chronological ageing and photo damage make the cells rigid. Rigid fibroblasts cannot synthesise elastin efficiently, and when elastin production is reduced our skin loses its firmness and our contours become less defined. 
WHAT EXACTLY IS SKIN BOUNCE? 
Skin bounce is the ability of the skin, when stretched, to bounce back and recover to its original, relaxed position. When the skin’s elasticity diminishes as a result of genetic and lifestyle factors, our skin’s bounciness diminishes too – instead of springing back immediately, it recovers more slowly. 
In our clinical tests, we measured the skin bounce of the women in the panel, before and after using NovAge Ultimate Lift. We did this by using a cutting-edge device called Dynaskin, which shoots a fast, fine jet of high pressure air onto the skin and simultaneously performs high precision measurements of the skin’s movement from start to recovery. 
After using NovAge Ultimate Lift for 12 weeks, the skin of the women in the panel was able to bounce back by as much as 70% faster than before treatment†1. 
ASPARTOLIFT – A REVOLUTION IN THE SCIENCE OF BOUNCE 
The main component of our incredible patented AspartoLift technology is an Aspartic Acid derivative. Aspartic Acid is an essential amino acid found naturally in foods such as grains, seeds, nuts and legumes. It is used by the body to, among other things, keep our skin cells active and healthy. 
When our Skin Research Scientists treated rigid fibroblasts in the lab with the AspartoLift technology, it restored their flexibility, which enables them to synthesise elastin more efficiently – as efficiently as cells 20 years younger◊! What’s more, the powerful action of AspartoLift was comparable to Retinol, without any discomfort. 
†1 Clinically tested using serum, day and night cream 
It’s a constant in our salads, but also a common element in our skin care products. Why? We’ve narrowed it all down – Here’s 5 reasons why cucumber is great for your skin.
Good news all for all moisture deprived skins out there; Cucumber has an extremely high H20 content and consists of 95% water, which makes it the perfect ingredient for deep skin hydration. It also leaves your skin with a super glow. Now, who wouldn’t want that? 
2. NUTRIENTS & ANTIOXIDANTS 
Cucumbers are green little wonders packed with good stuff! It contains nutrients like magnesium, potassium, biotin, Vitamin A and B1 that works great for stress-relief, hydration, thicker hair, UV protection and firmness. Cucumber juice has the ability to brighten and revitalize skin and even fade scars and pigmentation. The peel itself contains silica, which is great for firming up sagging skin and create firmness. Cucumber also contains caffeic acid, which is an antioxidant known for its anti-ageing properties that helps reducing fine lines. 
Also known as the vitamin miracle worker! Cucumber is super rich in vitamin C, which has a natural re-vitalising effect on the skin and can gradually even out your skin tone. On days where your skin feels a little extra gloomy, try a cucumber facial scrub to re-energize dull skin and get your groove back. 
We all love bags, but preferably carried on our arm and not under our eyes. Cucumber slices on eyes is probably the most well known remedy for puffy eyes, and no wonder it is. The abundance of antioxidants and silica will rejuvenate and the skin and even fade dark circles. Pop two slices on your lids and let it soak for about 20 minutes, and voilà; your eyes are as new. For extra care, add a cucumber gel mask to get the full effect. 
Warm weather a mood enhancer, but we’ve got less love for burns and irritated skin. Cucumber has a cooling effect that makes it a great reliever of sunburn, and can help speed up the healing process. You can also apply a facial gel topically to help dermatitis or inflammations. Cucumber is really your perfect green partner in crime.
The world of fragrance can truly take us places and tell a story about who we are. Still, there are so many interesting facts about fragrance yet to be uncovered. Let’s go back in time and discover where it all started!
1. WHERE DID PERFUME ORIGINALLY COME FROM? 
There are various theories when it comes to the origin of perfume, but most commonly Mesopotamians, Persians and Egyptians are equally mentioned as the world’s first perfume creators. The first known perfume maker was a female chemist named Tapputi, who created the first scent with myrrh, oils and flowers in Babylonian Mesopotamia. In Egypt, almost 4000 years ago, people used scent in everything from religious ceremonies to burial preparations, and even every-day wear. Fragrance was thought to be the sweat of the sun god Ra, and was therefore considered as a holy attribute. Egyptians even had a god of perfume named Nefertum who wore a head dress made of water lilies, which is the one of the most common perfume ingredients today. Persians were also great admirers of perfume, and scent was frequently used as a symbol of political status. They even used it so much that is was common for kings to be pictured with perfume bottles in Persian paintings! It wasn’t until later when the Greeks and Romans took over Persia and got acquainted with perfume that it began to be viewed as a form of art. It slowly spread throughout the globe and in 1190, when perfume came to Paris, it started growing commercially and blossomed into the massive industry that it is today. 
2. WHAT WAS THE WORLD’S FIRST PERFUME? 
The meaning and status of perfume developed differently in different countries, so there were many types of fragrances that were considered perfumes long before the first modern perfume was introduced. But it was the Hungarians who ultimately introduced perfume as a modern wearable scent, made of scented oils blended in an alcohol solution. The first perfume made for exclusive personal use was for Queen Elizabeth of Hungary and became known throughout Europe as Hungary Water. The scent was mainly dominated by natural ingredients such as rosemary and thyme. 
3. WHAT ARE THE WORLD’S MOST EXPENSIVE INGREDIENTS? 
It might not be what you think! The finest and most expensive perfumes are made of absolute oils, a mixture of concentrated, highly aromatic and oily mixtures extracted from plants or certain flowers. Natural ingredients are most expensive as they are usually very rare, extremely difficult to obtain or highly regulated. The priciest ingredients in the world are Jasmine, Bulgarian Rose, Oud, Musk and Orris. The world’s most expensive ingredient is Ambergris, a substance that is produced in the digestive system of sperm whales. The high price of an ingredient can also be due to the fact that it’s natural source has been lost, like the natural Oud oil, or if the ingredient is off-season like ylang ylang from Madagascar. 
Want to learn more about where Oriflame sources quality ingredients? Check out the Oriflame Fragrance Map!
Oriflame is truly a pioneer in plant stem cell cosmetic technologies – in fact we were probably the first direct sales company to have in-house plant stem cell culturing facilities. Read on to find out more facts you didn’t know about this innovative biotechnology!
Nature, although amazing in its beauty, is also full of danger. To counter this, plants have the ability to form special mechanisms that fight external stress. One example of this is the repeated formation of new leaves or flowers, with the help of the plant’s stem cells. Incredibly, plant stem cells never undergo an ageing process and that’s the reason why they are so interesting to us from a skin science perspective! 
IT’S SUSTAINABLE & EFFICIENT 
Plant stem cell technology is also a highly efficient and sustainable biotechnology which requires significantly less plant material than traditional cultivation. In addition it uses less energy, no pesticides and enables us to work with plant material from all over the world. 
PLANT STEM CELLS LIVE FOREVER 
Plant stem cells are the very essence of plant vitality, extracted from the growth areas of a plant such as the roots and shoots. One of the most incredible things about stem cells is that they are immortal and continually self-proliferate. This gives us an endless supply of raw material to work with. Quite astounding right? 
JUST LIKE YOU, EACH PLANT IS UNIQUE 
Plant stem cells contain the complete chemical ‘fingerprint’ of their mother plant. Some of these chemical compounds are common to all plants – for example cellulose, sugars and proteins – but they also contain specific phytochemicals (biologically active compounds), unique to the plant family or species from which the cells were extracted. It’s these components we are interested in from an anti-ageing perspective! 
WE USE STATE-OF-THE-ART EQUIPMENT 
Oriflame’s Skin Research Institute is equipped with many of the latest, most advanced machines in the field of skin science. We use high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) to analyse the phytochemical profile of plant material or plant stem cells. This high-performance instrument separates and measures the concentration of the various chemical components within the sample, which enables us to identify those of the greatest interest. 
OUR GOAL? UNLOCK THE SECRETS TO SKIN AGEING 
We want your skin to look as youthful as possible. That’s why, once we have identified the plant’s phytochemical components with the greatest anti-ageing potential, we take things even further in the laboratory by carrying out detailed and precise analysis using liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC-MS). This advanced technique analyses the specific molecular structure of the phytochemical components, which enables us to identify component structures with the potential to target specific skin-ageing mechanisms in the skin. 
Plant stem cells truly are a phenomenon – and just one of the ways our scientists are working together with Mother Nature to bring you some of the industry’s most scientifically advanced anti-ageing skin care solutions!
Everyone has their own favourite way of using a scent, but some tricks do work better than others. Explore a few of them below to really get the most out of your fragrance!
1. THE BEST WAY TO TRY ON A PERFUME 
Only using sample blotters to try on perfume won’t do you any good. In fact, it will take away the true essence of how it reacts on your skin. The best way to truly experience the real aroma of a fragrance is spraying it directly onto the skin, preferably at your wrist or your fingertips. Both spots are strong pulse points and have high blood flow which raises the skin’s temperature, and the heat itself then helps spread the fragrance. This way you will notice if the perfume changes when it interacts with the molecules of your skin, as well as give you a heads up if the scent is long lasting. Finally, to really experience the scent, leave it to dry completely and wait 3 minutes for the full fragrance to emerge. Then whiff it every minute or so to see how it changes. 
2. HOW TO MAKE A SCENT LAST LONGER 
Something that is easily forgotten about perfume is how delicate it actually is. The fragrance oils, essential oils and alcohols in a perfume can easily break down, which can cause the scent to disappear or change. Make sure to keep your bottles away from direct sunlight, heat and humidity and store them in a darker place at room temperature. 
Want to make it last longer on your skin as well? Easy peasy! Start by properly moisturising your skin with a fragrance-free lotion. The hydrated surface of your skin locks in the aroma. Secondly, as heat activates perfume, the pulse points on your body are the best places to apply your scent. These spots are located on your wrist, behind your ears, on your inner elbows, at the back of your knees and on your ankles. The best spot to put perfume is in your hair, but as perfume usually contains a lot of alcohol it can dry out your strands. We recommend spraying a small amount on your brush and combing it through instead. 
Last but not least, don’t rub your precious drops, instead let the fragrance dry on its own or gently pat in into your skin. Voila, your perfume is set to last all day! 
3. WHETHER TO PUT ON PERFUME DIRECTLY ON SKIN OR AFTER DRESSING 
Perfume sprayed on clothes will usually last ages, and even stay on until washing (sometimes even after that!). Unfortunately, wearing fragrance on your clothes makes it very bland. Your scent won’t evaporate properly as the oil molecules in the perfume need body heat to become activated. Since your skin does a great deal in bringing it’s specific chemistry, you will miss out on the unique features it adds to the perfume. To still keep it personal, do spray a little on your clothes (make sure it doesn’t stain!) but focus on at least one hot spot on your body and give it a generous spritz. This way, you will be able to wear your favourite scent and at the same time add to the ambiance of who you are!
Summer is almost upon us and we're super excited! But as temperatures rise and we spend more time outdoors, we also have to take the appropriate safety measures needed. Here are our best tips on how to stay safe all summer!
Even if the sun isn’t shining, you still need to wear sunscreen daily. That’s because up to 80% of harmful UVA and UVB rays can pass through cloud coverage. It’s UVA rays that are responsible for premature ageing signs like wrinkles and brown spots, so make sure you’re protecting exposed areas with SPF 15 and above. 
We recommend: NovAge Ecollagen Day Cream SPF 15 and NovAge Ultimate Lift Day Cream SPF 15 
KNOW THE FACTS ABOUT FACTOR 
SPF (Sun Protection Factor) is the measurement of how effective a sunscreen is from protecting you from UVB rays that cause sunburn. It gives you an indication of how long you can spend in the sun when wearing it. A simple formula is this: if you can normally spend 10 minutes in the sun without burning, SPF 15 will allow you to spend 15 times longer than that – 150 minutes. But remember that SPF is only slowing down damage, not preventing it! So stay sun-safe by reapplying regularly and covering-up with light-weight summer clothes. 
We recommend: Oriflame Sun Zone 
Did you know that freckles are actually a sign of sun damage? Freckles are formed when melanocytes, found in your skin cells, overproduce the pigment melanin. It’s melanin that naturally protects your skin from UV rays by causing it to tan and darken – like putting up a parasol for shade! Shield yourself (and your family) from future discolouration and always apply sunscreen, paying particular attention to freckle-prone areas, like your face, shoulders and hands. 
We recommend: NovAge Day Shield SPF 50 – Advanced Skin Protector 
Moles can be flat, hairy, bumpy; but in general they tend to be round in shape, and appear in fair-skinned people. Overexposure to the sun’s UVA and UVB rays can cause a mole to form or to change in appearance. So stay out of the midday sun and wear sunscreen all-over, paying particular attention to your moles and mole-prone areas. And, if you see a mole that’s changing its characteristics, visit your doctor to get their advice. 
It’s said that most people only apply 25 – 50% of the recommended amount of sunscreen. Don’t fall into that group. You should apply the equivalent of a small glass of sunscreen to your body 15 minutes before going outdoors. And don’t forget to reapply every few hours, especially if you’re swimming, perspiring or rubbing at your skin. 
All sunscreens will come with a “use by date” on them. You should never use sunscreen after it has expired, which will generally be after three years. If the colour or consistency changes, it’s time to throw it away and get a new one. 
The skin on your lips is just as prone to sun damage as the skin on your face. So, protect from UVB rays with a lip balm that contains SPF.
You've probably noticed that we have a huge variety of fragrances, but did you know that Oriflame is amongst the biggest brands in the fragrance industry? Or that we only work with the best perfumers in the world? Keep reading to find out more!
WE HAVE 50 YEARS OF EXPERTISE 
Since the launch in 1967, we have gained five decades of expertise within the beauty industry. This helps us create scents that people truly adore! 
WE WORK WITH MASTER PERFUMERS 
We are very proud to work with the best perfumers in the world, such as Master Perfumers Olivier Cresp, Maurice Roucel, and Nathalie Lorson, to name a few. They are industry icons that have created world-famous fragrances. 
WE HAVE WON MULTIPLE AWARDS 
Our fragrances have won widespread acclaim from best-selling magazines’ reader’s choice awards to the prestigious FiFi Awards held by organizations partnering with the Fragrance Foundation. Most recently, My Destiny won Lifestyle Femme at the 2016 Russian FiFi Awards, which is like winning the Oscar’s in the world of perfumes. 
WE’RE ONE OF THE WORLD’S BIGGEST FRAGRANCE BRANDS 
Our fragrances are loved in more than 60 countries around the world. And in most of these countries we are amongst the Top 5 fragrance sellers. That’s something to be proud about! 
WE HAVE PROVEN QUALITY OF PRESTIGE PERFUMERY 
We strive to meet and exceed the quality levels of prestige perfumery. Together with perfumers, we carry out tests to make sure our fragrance quality levels meet the standards of prestige perfumery. Tests are done with professionally trained panels and measure fragrance impact, diffusion and longevity at 8 hours. 
WE SELL ONE FRAGRANCE EVERY SECOND 
Our fragrances are so popular that we sell one fragrance bottle every second. That’s amazing! 
WE HAVE ALMOST 100 DIFFERENT KINDS OF FRAGRANCES 
Accounting for a vast range of both women’s and men’s fragrances, there’s currently almost 100 different scents available across the globe. Find your favourites here!
When we create our popular perfumes, we source quality ingredients from all over the world. Curious to see where some of them come from? Check out the Oriflame Fragrance Map!
We’ll start our fragrance journey in Italy. Here we find Orange Blossom, an iconic ingredient in Western perfumery. Also called Neroli, Orange Blossom became popular in Italian high-society in the 1600’s, and now Giordani Gold Essenza Parfum captures a unique fragrance note distilled from the finest Italian orange blossoms. 
We also source fresh citrus fruits, especially lemon oil, from Italy. They have an uplifting quality and create a refreshing scent. This is exactly why it has been used as one of the favorite notes in many fresh and uplifting fragrant compositions, including Men´s Collection Citrus Tonic Eau de Toilette.
Heading for a warmer climate, Morocco is next on our trip. This is where we source one of perfumery’s oldest ingredients – Cedarwood. Known for being very aromatic it’s very calming and pure. That’s why it’s the signature note in Eclat Homme Eau de Toilette. 
Going further south, we find the tropical island of Madagascar. Here we source Ylang Ylang, renowned for its aphrodisiac properties and sensual scent. So, it made sense to use the highest quality oil in Possess Woman Eau de Parfum. 
Let’s travel east to find one of the most iconic ingredients in classic perfumery – Tuberose. The Indian flower is used in exclusive, premium perfumes for its opulent character. Our fragrance, Sublime Nature Tuberose Parfum, expresses the fresh and dewy scent the flower has at dawn. 
Looking for earthy scents, we keep travelling east to Indonesia. Here we source Sandalwood - one of perfumery’s most valuable ingredients. It’s the ingredient that gives Volare Gold Eau de Parfum its sweet and woody base note. 
Let’s keep the tropical theme going and look across the Pacific Ocean. In Brazil, we find the Amazonian treasure Tonka Bean. Harvested after the monsoon rains, it unveils its gourmand facets as it dries in the sun. We celebrate its beauty in Sublime Nature Tonka Bean Parfum. 
Let’s end our journey by travelling north. In Haiti, we find Vetiver, which is often described as the golden oil of perfumery. It’s woody, smokey character and elegant nature lent itself perfectly to Giordani Gold Man Eau de Toilette. 
The last stop is Guatemala where we source Cardamom – one of the world’s most expensive spices next to saffron and vanilla. You can find Cardamom notes in Men´s Collection Dark Wood Eau de Toilette.
Are you one of those men, who think that a shower and a shave is enough to stay good looking? That lotions and creams are just for women? Then think again! Men also need to take care of their skin, and it really doesn't require much effort. These are the essentials you should know!
EMBRACE A SKIN CARE ROUTINE 
Perfect skin doesn’t happen by itself. Like women do, men need to invest in a daily skin care routine to look their best. This includes cleansing, boosting, moisturising and protection against environmental aggressors. Learn more by reading Why He Needs a Skin Care Routine Too. 
Recommended products: NovAge Ecollagen Set 
PERFECT YOUR SHAVING TECHNIQUE 
A quick morning shave can be devastating for your skin. By perfecting your technique you can save yourself from the agony of razor bumps and cuts. Here are some ground rules: 
Start by wetting your skin to soften it and open the pores
Use a caring shaving foam to reduce friction
Shave in the direction your hair grows
Rinse your razor after every swipe
Finish with an after shaving balm and moisturiser
Recommended products: North For Men Sensitive Shaving Foam 
Protect your skin from pre-mature ageing and sun damage by using sunscreen every day. You can use it under or instead of a day cream (depending on how much moisture your specific skin type needs). 
Recommended products: NovAge Day Shield SPF30 & Sun Zone Lotion Face and Body SPF30 High 
You might look baby-faced without a beard, but before you know it the years will start to show. So, take preventative measures and reduce the inevitable fine lines and wrinkles with some high-quality products. 
Recommended products: NovAge True Perfection Set & NovAge Ecollagen Set 
It’s not just your face that needs moisture, your entire body demands re-hydration. Especially if you lead an active lifestyle and shower often. So, make sure you always moisturise after you shower. And drink plenty of water!
You know how a compliment can lift your spirit and make your day? It’s the same for your skin! It needs to be complimented on a regular basis to look and feel its best. And there’s nothing like a good exfoliation to bring back your glow and confidence. So, if you haven’t before it’s about time you start caring about exfoliating and boosting your skin care routine with a peeling product.
Millions of old skin cells are produced by your skin every day. Old skin cells travel to the skin surface and make the skin appear dry and dull before they fall off naturally. However, if not removed they tend to clog pores. So, this is where it’s time for your exfoliator to really come to the rescue – to remove dead cells and reveal the fresh skin cells underneath. This also enhances the skin’s ability to absorb the following products in your routine. It’s a win win situation! 
IS EXFOLIATION REALLY FOR ME? 
Yes, you just need to pick the right exfoliator! There’s a misunderstanding that you shouldn’t exfoliate dry skin, for example, but it’s actually the opposite. Lack of moisture in the skin creates cracks in the protective skin barrier and, by removing dead skin cells, your moisturisers are better able to penetrate deeper into the skin. By exfoliating you also clear the path for new cells to travel to the skin surface and help retain the level of hydration. On the flip side, if you have oily skin, it means that your skin produces even more dead skin cells than normal/combination skin, so exfoliating is equally essential for you. Just make sure not to choose an exfoliator with particles that are too coarse, as this could irritate your skin. 
IS IT GOOD FOR MATURE SKIN AS WELL? 
As your skin ages, the renewal process of cells slows down and the dead skin cells stay on your skin even longer, making it look dull. So, even in your 50s, adding an exfoliator to your skin care routine can be super effective in stimulating cell renewal. Don’t know your skin type? 
Did you know that since 2014 Oriflame has used only natural origin exfoliating particles in new product developments? During 2016 we launched several scrub products containing natural origin materials such as castor wax, olive stone and sugar. Pick a favourite and reveal that radiant skin we’re all striving for!
You may be one of those people who never experience breakouts, or maybe you have dealt with acne since your teens, but whatever our skin type, when we get overwhelmed by physical or emotional stress it shows in our skin.
Do you feel like your skin has been looking a bit worse for wear lately? You may have tried everything from facials, drinking more water to eating better foods - but nothing is helping! It’s possible that your skin issues are caused by stress. For some people stress causes a greyish complexion and dry, flaky skin, while others experience unwelcome break-outs or flare-ups of skin conditions like eczema, psoriasis or rosacea. As if that wasn’t enough, stress can also be the cause of those new wrinkles you found this morning! 
Why Does Stress Cause Skin Issues? 
There are several reasons why your skin may act up during stressful times, but one of the main culprits is the stress hormone cortisol. When you are stressed, your body thinks that it’s under attack and responds by producing cortisol and inflammatory messengers.
This is nothing to worry about in the short term, but long-term stress increases the number of sebaceous glands in the skin which means your skin produces more oil. This can in turn lead to clogged pores and break-outs right before that big presentation you are stressing about! 
Not only does long-term stress lead to increased oiliness, it also becomes harder for the skin to repair itself naturally and produce healthy collagen and elastin which can cause wrinkles and fine lines to appear. Additionally, it has been proven that stressing for an exam or interview impairs your skin barrier function which makes skin more vulnerable to aggressors like pollution and harsh chemicals. 
Thankfully, there are things you can do to reduce and reverse the effects of stress on your skin. First, try to find the root cause of your stress, for example you may have too much at work or an unresolved issue with a friend which can cause your body to stay wound up. You may not even know that it is stressing you out! 
Sometimes, stress is an unavoidable part of life, but you can incorporate practices that help you cope and reduce your stress level. For example, start a yoga or meditation practice to help calm your breathing and get more oxygen to your cells. Meditation is also proven to effectively help lower stress levels. 
Another good way to reduce stress is to make a little time for self-care in your busy schedule. You may just have fifteen minutes, but you can make the most of them! Give yourself the spa treatment – light some candles, apply a soothing face mask and slide into a warm bath to help you and your skin to feel and look good again!
Searching for the ultimate gift? Look no further! After reading this editorial you’ll know exactly why our perfumes are perfect presents for any occasion.
You love being in the spotlight and use perfume to stand out. Therefore, your scent has to be unique and powerful. You tend to go for the fashion-forward and edgy notes, and love the idea of having a signature scent that people remember. 
Your fragrance families: Woody and Chypre 
Fragrances for you: Possess, Divine 
You have a strong passion for life and love everything luxurious. When choosing a scent, you like indulgent notes that make you feel sensual and sophisticated. Perfume should be a pleasurable experience, both for you and the people around you. 
Your fragrance families: Oriental, Woody and Chypre 
Fragrances for you: Giordani Gold White Original, So Fever Her, Love Potion EDP 
You’re a happy and relaxed person who loves nature. Therefore, it’s no wonder you prefer bright fragrances with sparkling and zesty notes. In your opinion, perfumes should be pure and make you feel good. 
Your fragrance families: Citrus, Floral and Woody 
Fragrances for you: Tenderly Promise, Woman’s Collection
With a soft and romantic style, you love perfumes that lets you express your femininity. Classic scents with polished and elegant notes are your absolute favourites. Ultimately, you want a fragrance that’s as stylish as you are. 
Your fragrance families: Floral and Woody 
Fragrances for you: Eclat Femme
When it comes to creating a mood, looks aren’t everything. The right or wrong aroma can instantly set a scene or alter a perception… So how do we use the power of scent in our daily lives?
Some scents, vanilla and rose in particular, are almost universally liked. They both act as relaxing mood enhancers. These pleasant smells improve our mood but also sometimes impair our judgment. Certain studies even show that the presence of a pleasant smell increased the amount of money people gambled at casinos. Who knew? 
Certain good smells, like peppermint and lemon, are known to sharpen reasoning, improve work performance and increase alertness. 
The well-known scents of home can be comforting. Dark, rich aromas can generally create a feeling of coziness. To make a room feel larger, aim for cucumber, aloe vera or citrus fragrances. For the opposite effect, opt for spicy, woodsy or sweet scents. 
Smell is an essential element of attraction, especially when it comes to feeling a certain chemistry with someone. Well-known research suggests that humans subconsciously pick up on potential mates' pheromones, (hormones that can travel outside of the body and are detected through smell). 
Scents that are traditionally known to increase confidence are Orchid and Sandalwood. Our best tip for her is our new Eau de Parfum called Possess -The secret of Idunn. Inspired by the Nordic goddess Idunn (goddess of immortality) this EdP is a feminine combination of apple and orchid notes, with a trail of sandalwood. For him there’s the equally powerful scent Possess the Secret Man, which recreates an Ice accord that represents the frozen lightning controlled by Thor a Nordic mythic god known as the strongest of all gods. 
The lesson here: don't discount your sense of smell. Use it to your advantage!
Did you know that women are nine times more likely to suffer from insomnia than men? We make time for our work, socialising and families – and yet we neglect to make time for sleep.
As we all know, sleep is essential for our physical and mental wellbeing. It’s when our bodies - especially our skin - renew and restore themselves. If you’re not getting eight hours a night, then it’s time for a change. Here’s how to become a real sleeping beauty.  
SET A BEDTIME - AND STICK TO IT!
Studies show that those who establish and maintain a consistent bedtime and wake-time sleep better. Lie-ins and late nights play havoc with our body’s 24-hour cycle, so try – even on the weekends – to stick to a pattern.
REIGN IN YOUR CAFFEINE INTAKE
A single cup of coffee takes your body four hours to break down and excrete. So, if you’re already drinking several cups of coffee in the afternoon, your body will still be eliminating that caffeine late into the evening. After lunch, opt for herbal teas and caffeine-free drinks instead.
Cardio and high-impact exercise gives you energy. It pumps endorphins and adrenaline throughout your body, making it an ideal activity for the day, but at night, it’s a no-no. 
"Try to leave at least three hours between a workout and bedtime, or do yoga before tucking yourself in. "
Taking a hot bath raises your body temperature, which then rapidly cools down when you step out. The drop in your core temperature signals to your brain that it’s time to rest, making you feel tired – the perfect opportunity to start catching those zzz’s.
Your bedroom should be cool, quiet, dark, and most importantly – tech-free. Smartphones, laptops and televisions create havoc with your natural sleeping habits so tonight, try leaving them in another room. 
Lavender has long been used as a natural sleep aid. Spritz your pillow with some lavender essential oil – the smell with soothe and signal to your body that it’s time to switch off. 
"Slumber is nature’s most potent beauty treatment – skin care products can help immensely"
Although slumber is nature’s most potent beauty treatment – skin care products can help immensely. At night, your skin restores and rebalances so this is when it’s most receptive to nourishment. Why not start your night off right by applying a serum and night cream? Not only will your skin benefit, but a consistent nighttime routine will also prepare your mind for some much-needed rest.
Does your skin breakout in the same part of your face time and time again? According to the ancient Chinese tradition of face mapping, where you experience skin problems is directly linked to your inner health. So that pesky spot that keeps reappearing on your chin could indicate that your kidneys in fact needs a helping-hand – here’s what it all means.
Face mapping enthusiasts believe that the forehead reflects the health of your nervous and digestive systems. Breakouts across your forehead typically indicate stress, so try to indulge in some relaxing practices like yoga or meditation. And to aid with digestion drink your daily dose of water and add more whole grains, fruit and vegetables to your diet.   
If you’re experiencing problem skin in the middle of your forehead, between your eyebrows, there may be an imbalance in your kidneys, stomach or liver. Cut down on drinking alcohol, eating rich food and smoking, as these habits can strain these systems. And look out for intolerances like dairy and wheat.  
Practitioners believe that the nose is a reflection of the rest of your respiratory system, mainly your lungs and heart. Check your blood pressure and opt for low GI foods if you have acne here. And switch meat, coffee, alcohol and spicy foods for lighter alternatives. 
Chinese medicine often refers to the left and right sides of your body. If pimples are popping up on your right cheek, your lungs may need a helping hand. Regular cardio and breathing exercises can strengthen this organ, and don’t smoke! The right cheek is also linked to sugar-intake so cut back on the cookies.
The left cheek is connected to your liver, so avoid alcohol and fatty foods if you’re experiencing breakouts here - a healthy diet and lifestyle will help your liver do its job right.
Problems in this area may suggest an imbalance of the small intestine, avoid very cold drinks and keep a food diary so you can eliminate the triggers of flare-ups.
Your spleen, digestive system or kidneys might be the culprit of these skin problems, so make sure your diet is healthy and your lifestyle is active. Spots on your chin can indicate a hormone imbalance, particularly when they appear close to your period – see your dermatologist who may be able to advise on treatment.
Blemishes here can be linked to your intestine and colon so eat a high in fibre-diet and drink lots of water. This can also be linked to dental issues, so make sure you take good care of your teeth. And finally, like the chin, an “acne beard” can be linked to your hormones – see a dermatologist if the problem persists. 
THE SKIN CARE EXPERT’S ADVICE, MGALEADI
“In addition to a healthy lifestyle, a skin care routine that targets your specific concerns, is an essential way to keep your skin healthy. Keeping your phone and makeup brushes clean, avoiding touching your face and using clean hands to apply your skin care products may be a quick-fix for spots on your cheeks. And if you get a sudden outbreak make sure it’s not a reaction to any of your products – this can be quite common. Long term acne sufferers, should always seek the help of a dermatologist who will be able to help them treat the root of their problem.“
You’ll already be familiar with yoga, an exercise that focuses on body, soul and balance, but have you heard of face yoga yet? When practiced daily, face yoga or facial massaging, has been proven to anti-age, to improve the appearance of skin tone, structure and sagging, and to better your general skin quality – here’s how to do it!
But before you master our five favourite positions, here’s what Oriflame Senior Director of Science and Innovation, Dr. Alain Mavon, has to say: “Recent research has confirmed that exercises that contract and relax facial muscles stimulate the fibroblasts and prevent the loss of skin elasticity. It’s a technique that’s known to help the skin keep its bounce, which has a real effect on sagging. If you ask me, a few minutes a day of facial exercises and a skin care routine  is the secret to younger looking skin!”
Good for:This position may look silly, but it actually helps to flush toxins from around your eyes.
Exercise: Keep your eyes wide open and look upward. Open your mouth, stretch your tongue downward, toward your chin as far as you can. Hold for 10 seconds and then repeat.
Good for: The V targets the ageing of your eye and forehead area and helps reduce under-eye bags and puffiness.
Exercise: Make a V shape with your middle and index fingers on both hands. Press your middle finger into the inside corner of each eyebrow and your index finger into the outside corner. Look to the ceiling and lift your lower eyelids upwards so that you are squinting. Then relax. Repeat six times.
Good for: It strengthens your nose muscles and prevents your nose from sagging.
Exercise: Use your index fingers to pinch your nostrils shut. Remove your fingers and hold your nostrils in place and then release. Repeat several times.
Good for: This position remedies laughter lines and prevents your jawline from sagging.
Exercise: Pull your lips into a “fish face” position and smile. Hold this position for 30 seconds, release and then repeat.
Good for: It helps reduce wrinkles and loose skin around your neck whilst strengthening your jaw muscles.
Exercise: Lean your head back towards the ceiling, stretching your neck upwards. Pucker your lips as if you were blowing a kiss. Release and repeat.
Pores can become a problem, as early as in your 20s – in fact they’re one of the first signs of ageing! As collagen and elastin in our skin loosens and breaks down, and as gravity begins to take its toll, our pores change shape and lose their structure. The result? Large-looking pores. Here’s what to do about them.
Think about it this way: empty pores are less visible than full ones. It’s not that the size is any different, but rather the filling that can make them appear larger. When open pores filled with oil and dead skin cells oxidise, they turn into pesky blackheads, and blackheads of course are very visible. 
A morning and evening cleansing routine will remove oil, makeup and dirt build-up to keep skin clean. Start with a cleanser and follow be sweeping a toner over your face with a cotton pad to remove residue. Try adding a cleansing device into your routine too; it’s an effective way of getting at deep-seated impurities and has been clinically proven to give users noticeably smaller pores in only a few weeks!
Sun damage, pollution, a hectic lifestyle, stress and smoking all impact the appearance of the size of your pores. As UV rays weaken your skins structure, pores begin to sag, which is why daily use of SPF is an essential preventative step. You’ll also want to indulge in some relaxing habits and get adequate sleep. And don’t – and we mean this – don’t smoke. It’s bad for everything.
Fact: pores do not open and close. But dead skin filling them will enlarge their appearance. An exfoliator that contains glycolic acid, salicylic acid, beta-hydroxy or alpha-hydroxy acid will work from the surface of the skin downwards to remove dead skin cells that have come to the end of their renewal cycle. Check out the Ecollagen serum, the NovAge Skin Renewing Toner and the True Perfection night cream – all of them include AHAs.
If you have oily skin you’re probably more aware of your pores than other people are. Avoid very thick day creams that can clog in pores, and instead use lightweight lotions or gels to moisturise. Even if you have oily skin, don’t skip moisture all together – the more hydrated your skin is, the plumper your cells will be, reducing the appearance of pores and the signs of skin ageing. 
Applying a primer underneath your makeup will even out your skin tone and disguise pores. Whilst moisturiser seeps into the skin, a primer will create a layer over it, filling in fine lines and pores for a smooth finish - simply apply under your foundation.
Struggling to squeeze in a session at the gym? Try these 7 exercises you can do anywhere, any time. Tip! Follow the stars to see how difficult each exercise is!
Targets: Shoulders, arms, back and core
Yogis will be familiar with the downward facing dog pose. To do this, come onto the floor on your hands and knees. Lift your knees away from the floor and push your thighs back, pushing down on your heels and straightening your knees. Press into the floor with your hands and feet. Your body should be in an upside down V shape. Hold for as long as you can. Finish by resting on your knees. Repeat.
Targets: Legs, bottom, abs and back 
Lift your chest, hold your chin up, and squeeze your abs. Take a big step forward with your left foot. Sink down so that your left leg sits in a straight line over your heel, and your back leg is bent into a right angle with your knee parallel to the floor. Push back into your starting position and repeat on the right leg. Alternate.
Targets: Arms, shoulders and back
Hold a packet of 1kg sugar or flour in either hand – if you’ve got weights at home, that’s great! Stand with your feet, hip-width apart, with you arms down by your side and palms face forward. Curl both arms upward so that your hands meet your shoulders. Repeat.
Targets: Arms, chest and back
Sit on the edge of a stable chair with your feet together, flat on the floor. Place your hands on either side of your thighs, holding on to the edge of the chair. Now bend your elbows at a 90degree angle and lower yourself towards the floor. Then, straighten your arms and raise your body back to starting position. Repeat.
Targets: Bottom, legs and feet, abs
Stand facing a surface that’s the height of your hips – the sink or a kitchen surface is ideal. Have your feet turned out at a 45degree angle, with your heels together and hands resting on the surface. Stand tall with your abs contracted. Then rise onto the balls of your feet and “plié” by bending your knees over your feet, so that you’re lowered half way down. Straighten your legs and then lower your heels. Repeat.
Lie on your back on the floor and raise your upper legs until they’re in a straight line above your hips. Bend your knees slightly. Tighten your core and lower your legs slowly, so that your feet are hovering above the floor. Now raise them up again – keep your lower back flat on the floor at all times! Repeat.
Targets: Legs, abs and chest, upper arms
Lie on your stomach, flat on the floor. Lift yourself onto your forearms and onto the balls of your feet. Make sure your elbows are positioned directly under your shoulders. Your body should be straight and tense. Hold for as long as you can.
Navigating the world of weight loss is tough, and sometimes even dangerous - after all there’s a lot of conflicting advice out there. And so we’ve pinpointed the 10 most notorious weight-loss myths to help you your reach your goals safely and smartly.
MYTH #1: STARVATION AND DETOX DIETS WORK
Studies show that these types of crash diets almost never work in the long-term. Most people actually tend to gain all the weight back within a year. The main problem is many of these diets are so restrictive that they can damage your metabolism you miss out on essential nutrients. Because your body is low on energy, it craves high-fat and high-sugar foods, which means there’s a tendency to binge-eat. 
MYTH #2: EATING LOTS OF FRUITS AND VEGETABLES WILL LEAD TO WEIGHT LOSS 
Eating healthy food on top of unhealthy food doesn't cancel out the calories you’re getting elsewhere. Eating more fruit and vegetables should replace other food, rather than add to it.
MYTH #3: LOSING WEIGHT IS CONSTANT
Some days your weight may drop, and on other it might increase a bit. Don’t worry! You could be carrying more food in your digestive system or your body may be holding on to more water than usual. As long as the overall trend is going downwards, you will still succeed in the long term.
MYTH #4: DRINKING WATER MAKES YOU LOSE WEIGHT
Water is essential for good health, but drinking water doesn’t make you lose weight. However, because thirst can be mistaken for hunger, keeping hydrated can make you snack less. 
MYTH #5: A RADICAL EXERCISE REGIME IS THE ONLY WAY TO LOSE WEIGHT
Deciding to exercise regularly is great, but asking your body to adapt to a demanding new routine overnight can backfire. Successful weight loss involves making small changes in your daily routine that you can stick to for a long time rather than quick fixes. 
MYTH #6: FAST FOOD IS ALWAYS FATTENING
Most cheap fast food restaurants offer something healthier (or at least less unhealthy) than their main offerings, such as a chicken salad. If eating fast food is unavoidable, make sure you ask the counter staff what the healthiest menu option is.
MYTH #7: CARBS MAKE YOU PUT ON WEIGHT
Cutting back on refined carbohydrates, such as white rice and pasta, processed snacks, and sweets can help you lose weight, but that doesn’t mean that carbs cause weight gain. Foods like brown break and pasta are high in carbs but still incredibly healthy. Eaten in the right quantities and as part of a balanced diet, carbohydrates will not lead to weight gain. 
MYTH #8: ALL CALORIES ARE EQUAL
All calories have the same energy content, but not all calorie sources have the same effects on health and weight. For example: 200kcal of protein is far better for you than 200kcal of sweets.
MYTH #9: SHAKES AND MEAL SUPPLEMENTS SHOULD BE AVOIDED 
Wellness shakes, bars, and soups are an effective way of reducing hunger and cravings while giving you energy. The beauty of meal supplements is that they're designed to provide the nutrition your body needs within a defined number of calories - plus they keep you full for longer. 
MYTH #10: MY BOYFRIEND AND I CAN EAT THE SAME AMOUNT OF FOOD TO LOSE WEIGHT
The male body is genetically designed to store more muscle and less fat than the female body. Because of this, it’s not uncommon for men to be able to eat more than women.
It’s that time of the year again: summer’s drawing to a close and your kids are heading back to the class room. To ensure they’re at their healthiest and happiest follow our 8 term-time tips!
Re-establishing routines after the summer holidays is essential. Perhaps bed times have gotten later over the break, but it’s important that children get nine hours sleep every night if they’re to have the mental and physical energy to perform well at school – they’ll be far happier too!
Parents will know the saying: “breakfast is the most important meal of the day” and that’s particularly true for children. A breakfast of whole grains, fresh fruit, natural yoghurt or eggs will give kids’ brains the fuel they need to focus and their bodies the nourishment to play. 
Put a healthy spin on snack-time and switch crisps and cookies for something nutritious. Raw vegetable sticks dipped into humus, an antioxidant-rich smoothie or homemade popcorn will keep hunger pangs at bay.
Children should get the majority of their vitamins from their diet, but a daily multivitamin will ensure your child gets the nutrition they need to develop. Look for a supplement that contains Vitamin A, C and D for the immune system, calcium and magnesium for energy and muscles, Omega 3 for brain-power and calcium for strong bones and teeth. 
Avoid first-day-at-school chaos by getting into the routine of going to bed on-time and getting up early before term starts. Building simple routines before school starts will get kids prepared for the scholastic year ahead. 
Children should get at least an hour a day of physical exercise – whether that’s active play, like a game of catch, dancing, riding a bike or taking a swimming class, it’s important that if your children aren’t practicing sport during school hours, you’re encouraging them to do so after hours. Regular aerobic exercise will build healthy muscles and bones, support mental alertness, encourage positive moods and give greater self-esteem. 
It’s normal for a child to get nervous in the run-up to a new school term. Speak to your child about these fears and remind them of the things they enjoy about school – like playing football. Take your child shopping to buy a cool notebook or a fun pen, and arrange play dates with classmates to ease your child into going back. 
After a long holiday it can be equally nerve-wrecking for you to send your children back to school. Reach out to a friend to talk about any anxieties you may have, speak to the class teacher in advance and (if you’re not working) find a fun hobby to fill your day with.
Cleansing is an essential step in your skin care routine, and although it may seem like the simplest of them all, there’s room for error. We share some dos and don’ts to keep your skin looking its best.
DO CLEANSE BOTH MORNING AND EVENING
Overnight your skin gets to work repairing itself, and while it does so, it produces sebum that accumulates on your skin. Removing these oils, dead skin cells and debris in the morning will keep skin clean and prepare it for your serum and moisturising products. In the evening, it’s important to remove all of the makeup, dirt and oils that gather on your skin during the day; this will prevent breakouts and the formation of fine lines, loss of elasticity and age spots – trust us, it’s worth it.
DON’T WASH YOUR FACE WITH A BAR OR HAND SOAP
A bar of soap has a naturally high pH balance, making it too strong to use on the skin on your face. Soap that’s designed to clean your hands is likely to strip your face of it’s natural oils, drying it out and leaving you with a tight, unpleasant feeling. Don’t do it. 
DO CHOOSE A CLEANSER THAT TARGETS YOUR SKIN CONCERNS
You should select your cleanser based on your skin type and concerns – there simply isn’t one cure-all product that suits everyone. A cleansing milk has a rich, creamy texture and does not foam, which is why it’s particularly good for dry or mature skin. Meanwhile a gel cleanser will purify and give skin a soft, matte finish – it’s ideal for normal or oilier skin. 
DON’T USE A CLEANSER THAT LEAVES YOUR SKIN FEELING TIGHT OR DRY
If your skin feels overly dry or taut after washing, it’s probably because your cleanser is stripping it of it natural oils. People with oily skin tend to seek out this sensation, but pulling water out of the skin actually leads to more oil being produced and greasier skin in the long run. 
DO ENHANCE YOUR CLEANSING ROUTINE WITH A CLEANSING DEVICE
A cleansing brush is an effective (and efficient) way to cleanse and exfoliate the skin. You simply apply some cleanser on to the brush head and then massage it into your skin for a minute. This delivers product deeper into the skin to remove dirt, makeup, dead skin cells and deep-seated impurities from your pores. It also has the added benefit of stimulating blood circulation for an extra-glow!
DON’T ASSUME THAT THE MOST EXPENSIVE CLEANSER IS THE HIGHEST PERFORMING-ONE
In beauty, price tags can vary - a lot! Some products require a lot of research, clinical testing and expensive ingredients that justify what you pay for them – others don’t. Start with your skin type and concerns and pick your product based on this.
The second step in your cleansing routine should be a toner – a product that’s normally applied with a cotton pad. A toner is designed to remove any impurities that might have been missed whilst washing your face with your cleanser – it also minimises the appearance of pores, balances the skin’s pH levels and prepares it for the products that follow.
DON’T USE PIPING HOT WATER
Hot water might feel relaxing but it’s incredibly drying – always wash your face with lukewarm water to avoid flaky skin.
They’re calling it “Wealthness”: a boom in spending on fitness and health related activities, products and foods. If kale, spirulina and blueberries are already well stocked in your kitchen cabinets, read on: Here are four popular superfoods that pack some serious nutritional punch!
This ultra-nutritious fruit comes from a tree that grows wild across Africa and Australia. This “super fruit” can be eaten fresh, as pulp or in powder format.
Here’s why you should try it:
The Baobab fruit has 10 times the antioxidants of blueberries, cranberries and pomegranates, and at least double the antioxidant levels of açai and goji berries. It has twice as much calcium as milk, six times more potassium than a banana and five times more Vitamin C than an orange.
Nourishing mate is made by grinding and brewing the leaves from the rainforest holly; a tree indigenous to South America.
Mate boasts 90% more antioxidants than green tea. It has immune-boosting properties and is said to reduce stress. It’s also a popular detoxifer and is believed to have anti-ageing properties too.
The Moringa plant is native to the Himalayas, but also grows across Asia and Africa. Leaves are crushed to form a nutrient-dense powder that can be sprinkled over smoothies or salads.
What’s all the fuss about?
Moringa contains more than 46 different antioxidants and has six times more antioxidants than goji berries. It’s also got 25 times more iron in it than spinach and is a natural anti-inflammatory.
The prickly pear cactus of Mexico and southwest USA produces a fruit that’s juiced, turned into a puree and watered down (normally with some added lemon juice).
Is it as good as coconut water?
Maybe even better. Like coconut water, cactus water is jam-packed with hydrating, natural electrolytes, but it has less sugar and calories. It also contains taurine, an amino acid that quenches free radicals and reverses muscle tissue damage.
Party season means late nights, and late nights mean tired-looking skin. At this time of the year, why not let your products take the night shift? Here’s how to have your most productive beauty sleep yet.
Applied before bed and rinsed off in the morning, overnight masks moisturise your skin as you sleep. A mask will create a seal on top of your skin, helping the products underneath it to penetrate better. The result? Luminous and dewy skin in time for dawn. 
Night creams focus on moisture and recovery, rather than protection from aggressors like the sun and pollution. If you’re combatting the first signs of ageing then look for a product with glycolic acid, like True Perfection. For boosting firmness try Ultimate Lift night cream or smooth over wrinkles as you sleep with Ecollagen Wrinkle Correcting Night Cream.
”To wake up with well-hydrated skin, cleanse your face to remove makeup and then press a serum into your skin.”
“Serums have a high concentration of active ingredients such as antioxidants, acids and vitamins,” explains Skin Care Expert Melina Galeadi. To wake up with well-hydrated skin cleanse your face to remove makeup and then press a serum into your skin. The light, watery texture absorbs quicker than a moisturiser and penetrates the deeper layers of skin while you rest. 
While you slumber, let your skin get to work. During the day you want a fast-absorbing hand cream, but at night pamper hands with a rich, nourishing texture. Look for products enriched with hydrating oils, like macadamia or almond oil that treat dryness. And why not indulge further with moisturising gloves?  
There’s something decadent about a foot mask. After long nights in not-so sensible shoes, slipping into moisturising socks can be heavenly – especially when warmed slightly beforehand! Coat your feet in a foot mask that contains Shea butter or beeswax for ultra-smooth results.
There’s an easier way to find your signature perfume – simply answer one question: when were you born? Your Zodiac influences your personality and preferences, and so we’ve looked to the stars to select the best-suited scent for your sign.
ARIES (March 21 – April 19)
Strong-willed Aries are typically creative and highly driven individuals. Known for their fiery temperament and passion, an Aries suits an intense fragrance with a rare floral blend at its heart. The red jasmine flower is as unique and tantalising as you are Aries, so look no further than My Red Eau du Parfum.
TAURUS (April 20  - May 20)
The most stubborn of the Zodiac signs, they’re also the most loyal. Taurians are known for their generosity and patience, making them loving and reliable friends. With an eye for all things beautiful, and a sensual persona, you should wear Amber Elixir; its warm amber notes recall your element, the Earth.
One word: Unpredictable. But this changeable temperament also brings adaptability, an affectionate temperament and charisma. Belonging to the element Air, your playful persona should be complemented by a bright fragrance. The scent of wild strawberries and uplifting floral notes found in Happydisiac are as spirited as              you are.
CANCER (June 21 – July 22)
Cancerians love the home. Ruled by the moon, they need time to themselves, but they are the most committed of friends, freely offering sympathy and advice when needed. Preferring something lighter, Cancer’s should look to an eau de toilette that is soft and reassuring: the scent of Royal White Lily at the heart of Tenderly Promise will comfort and delight.
Opinionated Leos naturally lead the pack. They are powerful individuals who will never shy away from conflict, but beneath their big exteriors sits a generous and loving persona. It could only be Possess Eau de Parfum [DB5] for you Leos, inspired by Cleopatra, with intoxicating ylang ylang notes, this fragrance is as hypnotic as you are.
VIRGO (August 23 – September 21)
Virgo’s are perfectionists. They are inquisitive types with analytical minds, and because they are observers by nature, they are also astute at helping others. Your reliable nature recalls My Naked Truth, an eau du parfum that holds the intimate aroma of the soft cotton flower at its core.
LIBRA (September 22 – October 23)
There’s a reason that Libra’s are depicted as scales. Well-balanced and just, the gentle Libra is a lover of the outdoors. Ruled by Venus, you are a romantic at heart and search for beauty in all you do. Elvie, which captures the scent of lily of the valley that grows in the Scandinavian forest, is as harmonious as you are. 
SCORPIO (October 24 – November 21)
Brave and dependable, the Scorpio-born are decisive (and stubborn!). Out of all of the Zodiacs you are the best at keeping secrets, but this calm disposition, masks a passionate core. The untamed Ginger Flower found in So Fever Her has a fiery warmth and mysteriousness akin to your temperament.
SAGITTARIUS (November 22 – December 21)
With your adventurous spirit and your energetic attitude, your scent is without a doubt, Voyager. Sagittarians are optimists, who love nothing more than exploration. Ruled by Jupiter at times you can be tactless, but like Voyager, you are vibrant and exotic, with sweetness and surprise at your core.
CAPRICORN (December 22 – January 19)
Capricorns are traditionalists. As an Earth sign, you are well-grounded and independent, and yes, some may say intolerant at times. You will appreciate the timeless quality of Giordani Gold Eau de Parfum; the sun-ripened mandarin, patchouli and Madonna lily, have the same self-assuredness you pride yourself in.
ACQUARIUS (January 20 – February 18) 
Easily adaptable and driven by intellect, Aquarians are truth-seekers. Of the element Air, you hate to be held back and constrained, and at times you can be over-sensitive. Like Divine  you are light and sensual; the scent of white musk and sandalwood will suit your inviting personality.
PISCES (February 19 – March 20)
If “beautiful living” had a scent, it would be Giordani Gold Essenza, and Pisces love nothing more than to live their lives beautifully. You express your emotions freely, but at times this can be perceived as naive. This floral, woody fragrance has the exclusive Orange Blossom at its core, a scent the artistic Piscean will delight in.
Researchers, health gurus and beauty addicts stand united: Omega-3 fatty acids can work wonders with both our health and looks. Want to learn more about this wonder oil? So did we.
First of all, what are Omega-3s? Simply put they are essential fatty acids that are often referred to as good fats because they provide us with amazing health benefits. They are essential because we cannot produce these fatty acids on our own; thus we must obtain them through our diets. Benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids include improved mental and physical health; comprising healthier hearts and allegedly sharper brains. Omega-3s are even said to improve cholesterol levels and conditions like coronary heart disease, Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s.
Good news for the beauty geeks amongst us is that, in addition to making you feel better and healthier, Omega-3s could also improve your appearance in a much more tangible fashion. Not unlike an oil-based, high quality facial cream or serum, Omega-3s have nourishing and smoothing qualities, which could give a plumper and more refined skin texture; and hence encourage healthier and younger looking complexion. However, different from a facial moisturiser, which, upon application, has to penetrate the top epidermal layers, the Omega-3s that we receive from our food truly work from the inside and out, for a more thorough and lasting effect.
While there are plenty of healthy and delicious sources of Omega-3 available in the local supermarket, it could sometimes be difficult to incorporate enough of the vital fats in your daily diet (nuts, seeds green vegetables, fish, shellfish and algaes contain the most). A safe, simple and effective alternative is to get your hands on a high performing supplement. Popping two capsules a day secures a sufficient daily intake of Omega-3s, in a fuss free, no stress fashion; and guarantees you nutrients of the highest and purest quality.
Juggling the demands of a career, relationship, social life and family can be tough - it’s not always easy to maintain the balance. To help you out, we’ve listed some small changes that can boost your mood and health. After all, a healthier you is a happier you.
A nutritious breakfast will give your body and brain the energy it needs to tackle the day ahead. The perfect breakfast should include lots of fibre and whole grains, some protein and good fats. Try replacing sugar and sweeteners with fresh fruit or natural honey. 
Drinking water is essential to your health. It helps transport nutrients, flushes out toxins and fuels your muscles - it also keeps your skin looking fresh. 
Managing a career and family duties can be tough – sometimes it can be impossible. A key step to finding work/life balance is to prioritise. Decide what’s important to you and stick to it – no guilt. You are not Superwoman (and that’s ok).
Our body and mind are connected. When we exercise our bodies release chemicals called endorphins that trigger a positive feeling in our bodies. If you have kids, why not try getting active as a family? Cycling, swimming or playing a sport are fun ways to get in shape together. 
Taking vitamins and supplements can fill in the nutritional gaps in your diet. A multivitamin that’s been designed for your age and gender is a good way to complement healthy eating habits. 
In order to be healthy and happy we need to schedule in some “me time”.  Even if it’s only ten minutes a day, setting aside some time for you can reduce stress and anxiety.  
Sleep increases your brainpower, is anti-ageing, can help you lose weight and boost your immune system. It’s recommended that we get eight hours of sleep a night, and that children get nine. Try creating a consistent evening ritual to help you and your family sleep better.
Go screen free – just for a bit. Set aside some time with your family without phones, computer screens or televisions. Listening and talking to them without distraction is important for strengthening your relationship.
Our bodies don’t produce Omega-3 fatty acids, so we need to get them from our diet. Omega-3 is found in oily fish, like tuna or salmon, or it can be taken as a daily supplement. One of the most important benefits is its anti-inflammatory effect – some doctors believe Omega-3 can help prevent arthritis and heart disease. 
Positive emotions – like joy and gratitude – don’t just feel good, they also help us perform better and improve our physical health. Positivity can lower blood pressure, lessen pain, ward off colds and help you sleep. Try to think of three things every day that you feel good about – you’ll be surprised by the affect!
Men’s skin care needs differ from women’s. Aside from the fact of growing facial hair, men produce more collagen and have far thicker and tougher skin than us. If your man’s grooming regime is basic (to say the least), here are some simple – yet effective – additions to his normal routine. It might not be what he wants, but it’s certainly what his skin needs.
Recycled, dry air in office environments can play havoc with skin, so moisturising daily will prevent his complexion from looking dull and lack-lustre. Pick a hydrating cream that instantly absorbs - even the busiest man can make time for this. 
We recommend: 26685 Ecollagen Wrinkle Correcting Day Cream SPF 15 
Encouraging your low-maintenance man to apply a facemask might be tough. Using an exfoliater, however, is a no-brainer. With its easy application and twice-a-week usage, this makes it a simple addition to your man’s shower schedule. Remember he should massage onto wet skin in order to properly remove dead skin cells and any impurities. 
23744 Essentials Daily Scrub Cleanse
30150 Facial Scrub "Aloe Vera"
And what about crow’s feet, puffy eyes and dark circles? Men can get these, too. So here’s what he needs to do: Select a specialised eye cream and apply with his ring finger. A roll-on eye balm also works wonders. For a refreshing and cooling boost, he can even leave it in the fridge overnight.
16686 North for Men Triple Action Eye Balm
23381 Anti-Dark Circle Treatment Bioclinic
Spending a lot of time outdoors means consistent exposure to the sun. Unfortunately, men are often worse than women at applying sunscreen, but their needs are the same as ours. Make sure your man is using SPF and doubling up with a protective lip balm, too.
23378 Sun Zone UV Protector Face and Exposed Areas SPF 50 Hig
24882 Day Cream Concentrate, evens skin tone, c SPF 45 "Bioclinic"
Shaving can lead to rashes and irritated skin, so it’s best to use a shaving cream and a post-shaving balm to soothe any lingering redness. A tip from the barber’s is to always shave at a 45-degree angle while following the grain. He might think he knows it all, but you can offer a few words of wisdom!
14652  North For Men - Sensitive Skin Shaving Foam 
Just because George Clooney is a silver fox, doesn’t mean that all men are comfortable with ageing! Generally speaking, anti-ageing products can be divided into two camps: preventative and curative. Preventative products are ideal for most men, ages 25 and up. But, if your man is particularly concerned, a curative product containing retinol, antioxidants or collagen boosters should do the trick.
16687  North for Men Total Age Control Cream
The arrival of summer is your perfect excuse to firm up those muscles and put the focus back on your wellbeing. A fitter and stronger body will not only boost your confidence, but also give you that added energy for the season ahead. Here’s your guide to looking – and feeling – great, both on the beach and beyond.
Don’t rush to lose a lot of weight before your summer holiday or a special event. Severely cutting calories slows down your metabolism: it’s not good for your health and it’s not a long-term solution either. Instead, set realistic goals and give yourself adequate time to meet them. 
You schedule in meetings, appointments and social occasions, right? Then you can easily do the same with exercise. Allocate time in your weekly routine for a gym class, a power walk, or even an exercise video.
Want radiant summer skin? Of course you do! Smooth out rough skin and boost your circulation with a dry brush. Using a gentle exfoliator twice a week and moisturising daily will help to further improve skin tone and texture.
Beautify your body from within. Brightly coloured fruits such as tomatoes and summer berries are jam-packed with antioxidants. And glow-getting vitamins A and C are readily available in leafy greens like broccoli and kale.
If the sun’s out, skip the gym and try an outdoor activity. Stand-up paddle boarding, swimming and hiking are great al fresco options - just don’t forget to apply sunscreen!
If you’re slipping into swimwear, the last thing you want is a bloated tummy. Avoid artificial sweeteners found in sugar-free drinks and food, as these can cause swelling. Drinking alcohol, fizzy drinks and chewing gum are other no-nos.
Rather than comparing yourself to models, focus on your own body. If you’re eating a balanced diet, exercising regularly and are within your recommended Body Mass Index (BMI) then there’s no need for self-criticism. A healthy and happy body is a beautiful one!
Regular physical activity is a cornerstone of wellness no matter your age. But as we get older our bodies change, requiring us to tailor our workouts accordingly.
If you’re fit and healthy in your younger years, you’re likely to carry on good habits into your older ones. Commit to at least 30 minutes of aerobic activity, five times a week. Your body may be strong in your 20’s, but you still need to increase lean muscle and boost your metabolism with strength training. Circuit training is a great way of combining cardiovascular activity with toning.
In your 30’s, your metabolism slows making it harder to drop the body fat. Perhaps you have a family or work commitments, but nevertheless it’s important that fitness habits are a part of your every day life. Try to create a routine that balances high-intensity aerobic activity (like interval training) with strength training. Join a weekly Pilates class, which will help you pull muscle up and in.
”Perhaps you have a family or work commitments, but nevertheless it’s important that fitness habits are a part of your every day life”
Your 40’s is when you can really put the groundwork in for good health in the future. Buy a pedometer and ensure that you are walking a minimum of 10,000 steps a day. Aside from daily cardio exercise – with a day off to rest – you want to include resistance training into your schedule. If you’re anxious about picking up the weights, hire a trainer or join a gym class – you don’t want to get injured.
Many women experience hormonal changes during their 50’s, which can cause an increase in fat around your torso area. Look after your waistline by working your core with a stability ball, or sign up for a yoga class and workout your mind and body simultaneously. Exercising with low-weight dumbbells will protect your muscles and joints, complementing your cardio schedule.
On entering your “golden age” be sure to take extra good care of your bones. Your body should be challenged, but not exhausted. Swimming and aqua-aerobics are low-impact ways to stay toned. If you suffer from joint pains, why not try Nordic walking? It’s suitable for all fitness levels. And for balance – essential at this age - Tai chi will improve your strength and flexibility.
Strong is the new slim. But to be harder, better, faster and stronger, our bodies need to be taken care of. They need the right tools, a balanced diet and adequate restorative time to really make the most out of a workout – here’s how.
BE FASHIONABLY FIT – AND PRACTICAL
There is something about slipping into a pair of new trainers that can immediately make you feel healthier. And that’s before you even break a sweat! But your workout gear can also have a direct impact on your health. Old, worn shoes are one of the most common causes of injury. If you’re a runner, consider your foot type (flat, neutral or high-arched) when buying trainers. And, pick clothing that is slim-fitted and designed to wick away sweat to avoid discomfort.
Exercisers have been the biggest adopters of the wearable technology trend. Today, there is a vast collection of apps available that monitor your activity levels and advise on diet. We love apps that map runs, tracking distance, speed and time!
Make the most out of your fitness routine by giving your body the fuel it needs. An hour before intense exercise drink 500ml of water to avoid dehydration. This is also a good time to “load” your body with slow burning carbohydrates, but If you’re low on energy just before your workout, eat a date or a handful of raisins - these fast-burning natural sugars will give you a quick energy-boost.
WORKOUT-BOOSTING SUPPLEMENTS
A balanced diet is a key-component to health and fitness, but supplements can give you the essential ingredients you may still be lacking. If you’re athletic you want to include Vitamin B in your diet to help your body break down carbohydrates, whilst Vitamin C will help you metabolise them and protect your immune system. Vitamin D will assist your body to absorb calcium, promoting healthier bones.
Your body needs to recover after intense exercise, so allow it adequate time to repair. Protect your muscles with an astaxanthin supplement[SM1] , which increases endurance and protects your cells. Or, if your muscles are aching, try brewing some fresh ginger in boiling water for relief, or try a spoon of turmeric, which is a natural anti-inflammatory.
Ageing is the single most natural thing we do; it’s inevitable. But adding certain foods to our diet – and cutting out others – can give us a more youthful and glowing appearance. The added bonus? They keep us healthy on the inside too.
Avocado is rich in monounsaturated fat – and before you balk at the word “fat”, note that this is a good thing! Monounsaturated fats protectcells from free radical damage, improving skin texture. And, an average sized avocado contains about 14 grams of fibre, which helps remove toxins from the body that can lead to an aged appearance.
The award for the best anti-ager of them all? Water. It plumps the skin and flushes out toxins, making it one of the best ways to combat dull and dehydrated skin.
Broccoli is jam-packed with Vitamin C, which is known to combat skin damage caused by external aggressors like the sun and pollution. Also found in citrus fruits, Vitamin C plays a vital role in the production 
Almonds and walnuts are full of omega-3 fatty acids, protein and Vitamin E. This healthy snack can aid with skin repair and ward off wrinkles.
Oily fish like salmon and char are ideal for maintaining a radiant appearance. They are high in protein, which helps repair and firm skin, and they’re packed with omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, which are crucial for skin repair.
Tomatoes are full of lycopene, a powerful antioxidant that protects the skin against sun damage and keeps it glowing.
Just one kiwi contains your recommended daily intake of Vitamin C. These super fruits help build collagen, mop up toxins and improve skin elasticity – all contributing to younger looking skin.
Oats are full of fibre and nutrients that keep skin moisturised. They’re also a great anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and source of silicic acid, which plumps up skin cells and remedies the appearance of fine lines.
Although you can find omega-3 fatty acids in oily fish, most of us don’t get enough of it in our diet. An omega-3 supplement will help keep skin moist and strong, and improve skin’s elasticity to stave off wrinkles.
Astaxanthin is an antioxidant that is found in algae. Belonging to the same family of molecules as beta-carotene and lycopene (found in tomatoes), studies have shown that astaxanthin is 100 times stronger than vitamin E at scavenging free radicals.
You might be working out religiously or maybe just a few times a week. Either way, no one wants to spend forever at the gym, but still get the most out of putting in hard work. Here’s how to supercharge your workout sessions.
It’s easy to straddle the line between wanting to be fit and actually doing something about it. Commitment and a proper routine are fundamentals to building a solid fitness ground. Keep it real and be honest with yourself; Am I really up for putting in the work, and what is my main goal? Settle in with your commitment and jump on a new fitness class or challenge to kick things off. 
No game plan, no win. A trip to the gym can quickly become a complete waste of time without a clear idea of what you are going to do, so instead of wandering aimlessly from one piece of equipment to the next, map out your workouts for each week and set clear training goals. 
Whilst your commitment and plan might align, life has a tendency to get in between and could probably mess up your routine a little down the road. Don’t stress though; there is still time to work out! Every move is better than none, so keep a pro-active mind-set, prioritize and have a look at your daily tasks and schedule to figure out when it is best for you it exercise. Remember; there is no “right” time to workout. 
It’s easy to want to maximize your weights or physical efforts from the get-go, but don’t get caught up in comparing yourself to the biggest or fittest person in the gym. Instead, get a proper fitness assessment, ask a trainer for advice or even invest in a few training sessions to learn the ropes. Coaches have shown to boost your performance and routine, and you’ll be aware of the do’s and don’ts right from the start. 
Double up the effect with compound exercises! Instead of isolating your muscles with exercises such as the bicep curl, maximize your time and effort by picking one that work out multiple muscle groups at once. Benefits? You get easier get a full body workout and your muscles are working together as they do in your every day life, rather than alone. Just make sure to not multitask your time; stay off firing away emails or texts in between sets! 
It’s a great feeling when you finally get the hang of how to use a dumbbell or nail a dance choreography, but the more you challenge yourself to switch up routines the better. Your body will eventually adjust to the stress level and you won’t be getting an effective workout. For cardio, try to cross train rather than running every time and change your strength training every few weeks. Also, try to squeeze in one or two HIIT sessions; these are great to amp up your metabolism a little extra! 
We are all for regular exercises and healthy habits. But too much of a good thing can actually be more harmful than beneficial. Overtraining can lead to your body and immune system breaking down, and this will only delay results. Focus on moderation and remember that the greatest results come from work AND recovery. Stretching, swimming or yoga are great recovery exercises and never underestimate the power of sleep! 
Last but not least; don’t be too hard on yourself. We all have bad, stressful or de-motivating days and pursuing perfection can easily become a slippery slope. Remember to take your time, sweat, breathe loudly and skip the gym if you feel you need to. At the end of the day, health is about social, emotional and physical well-being, not just a perfect six-pack. Do you!
Are you finding it increasingly difficult to stick to the gym routine? We know the feeling! But a lack of motivation should be the last thing stopping you from taking care of your health. So here are a few tips on how to stay motivated.
Setting unobtainable goals are not just bad for your body or self-esteem, but can also make you want to quit all together. So, make sure you set realistic goals with milestones you know you can achieve. Then as your body gets stronger, you can escalate your goals. Remember: being healthy isn’t a sprint, but a long-term lifestyle choice. 
Once you’ve reached a goal or milestone, make sure to celebrate! Rewarding yourself for good behaviour will make the process more fun, and give you something to work towards. Even small things like getting a smoothie or watching your favourite TV show after the gym can be enough to make a routine into a habit. 
It’s easy to break the promises we make to ourselves, but not the ones we make to others. So, team up with a friend or family member and make a bet. Having external pressure to perform will make you think twice about skipping leg day. You can even assign a fine to whoever misses a class. It sure won’t be you! 
Seeing as healthy living and fitness is a life-long ambition, this might be the most important tip. If you keep doing the same workout day in and day out, eventually you’ll get bored. Also, your muscles will get used to your moves, which means that you won’t get the same results. Therefore, it’s crucial you change up your regime with new, and above all, fun classes, sports and challenges. 
It’s no secret that we spend way too much time on our phones. So, make your feed addiction work for you. Scour Instagram and Facebook for inspirational fitness accounts, and make YouTube your workout buddy by watching some killer gym tutorials. We guarantee that looking at fit bodies will make you want to work out!
We decided to discover Igelösa, the place where scientists with a true passion for health and wellbeing are making medical and nutritional breakthroughs that create positive change in people’s lives, all around the world.
Professor Stig Steen is the developer of the formula behind the best-selling Wellness by Oriflame Natural Balance Shakes, knows a thing or two about nutrition. Over decades working as a leading surgeon in the field of heart and lung transplantation, he has amassed critical knowledge about the importance of a balanced and natural diet for the wellbeing and recovery of his patients. 
“People think that surgeons know nothing about nutrition. But we know everything about what the body needs.” 
It is this vast expertise that drives the ground-breaking research being conducted at Igelösa Life Science Community. 
Nestled in the farmlands of Skåne, southern Sweden, Igelösa is globally recognised as a hub of innovation and is regularly visited by scientists, doctors and researchers from many of the world’s most renowned hospitals and institutions, like Harvard Medical School. It also enjoys close ties with Lund University – a world-renowned academic institution where important nutrition and lifestyle research is conducted. 
Together, Stig Steen and his team are focused on developing new clinical methods and innovations within organ transplantation, cardiopulmonary resuscitation and lifestyle related disease prevention. A crucial component of their work is nutrition and, since Igelösa was founded in 1997, it has been placed in ever-greater focus. 
“We started to work with nutrition because we saw the great need for the patients who are waiting to receive new organs.” 
Over the years it became clear that Stig Steen’s research and experience gained through patient treatment could enable others to lead a healthier, happier life. With this in mind, the Igelösa team set up a product development kitchen and a human physiology clinic. It was here that the development and testing for the first Natural Balance Shake formula first took place – and proved the beginning of a long and fruitful partnership between Igelösa and Wellness by Oriflame. 
Today, Natural Balance Shakes are a go-to nutritional supplement loved in 47 countries. This amazing achievement brings to life a shared vision between Stig Steen and Wellness by Oriflame to create healthy changes in people’s lives through proper nutrition proven through science.
No matter your age, your profession or where you live in the world, the importance of having a rock-solid daily routine can never be underestimated.
Consider your beauty routine as an example – doing things in a structured way becomes so natural that you don’t even have to think about it. But you still achieve the desired results right? Routines simplify things, saves you time and helps you reach your goals. They can also help you break bad habits, build self-confidence and truly become the best version of you. 
HOW TO START A ROUTINE (OR IMPROVE ONE!) 
Rome wasn’t built in a day. Adapting, improving or even transforming your routine is about making small changes. Yes, it will take a little time, patience and dedication, but the results will definitely be worth it! Research shows that it takes 21 days for a new habit to become a routine. But before you start, the most important thing is to identify your end goal. Is it to lose weight, find an exercise routine, or find a way to sleep more than 5 hours? Once you’ve determined the routine you want to start, you can focus on the small changes you need to make to get there. 
1. ROUTINE GOAL: BETTER DIET OR WEIGHT LOSS 
Most days we manage to keep our diets in check and get all the nutrition we need. But on some days, we fall short and go for the quick-and-easy options like fast food, sweet treats and unhealthy snacks. Luckily nobody is perfect, and changing your diet for the better doesn’t need to be daunting or mean that you can never eat another hamburger. It’s all about small steps; eating more fruit and vegetables and cutting out excess sugar is a great start, as well as kicking off with a simple routine. 
Editors tip: Try our ABC approach to get started – read more here! 
2. ROUTINE GOAL: EXERCISE 
You may have heard that you should be aiming for 20-30 minutes of exercise every day. However, for those of us who do little or no exercise, it could seem like a huge mountain to climb. But rest easy, this doesn’t mean yoga pants and hitting the gym every day. A solid exercise routine is all about starting slowly; Begin by going for a short, gentle walk and work your way up to longer, faster walks or jogging over time. Another great way to ease into it is to take the stairs in your office or apartment building instead of the elevator and gradually move towards walking 10,000 steps a day. 
3. ROUTINE GOAL: SLEEP MORE, DO MORE 
The same way your skin replenishes and repairs itself by night, your mind needs the night time to rest and recover. Getting a good night’s sleep is crucial to keep both your body and mind happy and balanced. Aim for a minimum of 8 hours and make an effort to avoid using electronic devices for at least 1 hour before bed to not stir up your brain. Instead, enjoy a relaxing bath or read a good book to properly unwind. Namaste!
Burgers, chocolate and girls-night-margaritas are essential ‘fri-yay’-components, (and worth it, to be sure) but let’s face it, our bodies don’t love it as much as we do. Luckily, if you have gone a bit overboard with the treats lately, there are things you can do to help heal your gut and keep it in tip top condition!
Scientists are just now discovering how important having healthy gut bacteria really is to our overall wellbeing. Up to 80% of your immunity is in your gut, so we want to do all we can to keep it happy! 
By including healthy, non-digestible fibre in our diet, we feed millions of good bacteria in the gut that are needed for optimum health, that then provide nutrients for your colon and help with regularity. So up your fibre intake by making oatmeal your go-to breakfast, add berries to your smoothies and snack on nuts and seeds! 
Team up with the Good Guys 
There is a reason why probiotics (good bacteria) is the word on everyone’s lips right now – recent studies suggest that they can positively affect everything to your mood, digestion and immune system. So where do we get the good bacteria? From fermented foods like kimchi, miso, sauerkraut, kefir and kombucha. Don’t like the taste? Add a probiotic supplement to your diet instead. 
We know. Saying no to sugar is easier said than done, but fact is that sugar, along with alcohol, and processed foods like chips and sodas mess up your microflora and feed the bad bacteria in your gut. That means that your three-o’clock snack may actually be the reason why you’re feeling blue! So to keep the good guys happy, keep the processed food to a minimum.
Out with the old and in with the new – habits! Are you up for the challenge? Try some of Igelösa chef Matt Pohl’s tips for a healthier, happier you!
Making small changes in your diet can have a significant impact and no one knows this better than Matt Pohl. As someone who has undergone a life-changing transformation by adopting proper nutrition and dietary habits, he is living proof that, by focusing on several little things, it’s possible to create new, healthier habits that you can continue for the rest of your life. Read on to find out what Matt recommends boosting your daily vegetable intake and avoid some classic dietary pitfalls. 
Beginning meals with a salad is a great way to ensure you are getting a good selection of bright-coloured, fresh vegetables. It will also help with satiety, so you don’t feel the need to load up your plate for the main course. 
2. EMBRACE THE PLATE MODEL 
The so-called “plate model” is healthy approach to eating that, if followed correctly, ensures the right kind of nutritional variety your body needs. Start by filling up at least half your plate with vegetables. The remainder of the plate should consist of one quarter whole grains (e.g. brown rice, quinoa) and one quarter healthy protein (e.g. fish, poultry). 
Vegetables needn’t be boring. There are so many amazing ways to make them a part of your diet. If you’re not a fan of eating boiled or steamed veg, try adding them to soups, stews and casseroles. It’s also a good opportunity to add extra. 
Actually, both! Fresh vegetables are best, but it’s always a wise idea to stock up with a good selection of frozen vegetables for emergencies. They are usually picked at the height of their season and quickly frozen, so they retain most of their nutrition. 
We all love a good barbeque, but they can often be really meat heavy. What many people don’t realise is that a wide range of vegetables are just as easy to grill. Next time, why not try throwing on some sliced zucchini, mushrooms or asparagus? Simply toss them with a bit of oil and seasoning for a simple side dish with no extra clean up! 
Give sweet treats the boot by serving sticks of vegetables with healthy dips between meals for a quick snack instead of candies or chips. (They also make excellent party platters!) Cucumber, carrots and celery are some of the most common choices, but don’t underestimate the flavour punch of bell peppers, broccoli or even green beans. 
7. RE-PRIORITISE POTATOES 
Potatoes are a famously easy to cook and a beloved comfort food all around the world, but healthier alternatives exist that are just as easy to add to your diet. Next time, mix things up by replacing the spuds with root vegetables such as carrots, parsnips and sweet potatoes in recipes. 
We all grew up eating certain kinds of foods and often we continue in the same way through life. However, there’s an amazing array of delicious and exotic options that you’ve probably never heard about or seen. And they’re now more accessible than ever through farmers’ markets, grocers and sometimes even your local supermarkets. Seek out a new vegetable each week when you are out shopping, you never know when you will discover a new favourite!
What if there was a simple routine you could follow that would make you feel healthier, younger and balanced both mentally and physically, all at the same time? Introducing; longevity zones.
What are longevity zones? 
Who wouldn’t want to be a centenarian? Or, to put it easily, a person who lives to be more than 100 years old? U.S researchers have identified five regions in Europe, Latin America, Asia and the U.S that have the highest concentrations of centenarians in the world. These areas are called longevity or blue zones, and they consist of exceptionally wholesome communities – one of them being Igellösa, the home of Oriflame in Sweden. 
The studies of longevity zones started in 1975 in Okinawa, Japan. As Okinawa has one of the lowest mortality rates in the world, scientists wanted to investigate and discover the secret of the centenarians and other elderlies living there. The study is still ongoing, and the goal is to uncover genetic and lifestyle factors that can change and better the health and lives of all people. 
The secret to a good life 
The people in these communities have a very healthy way of living and exercising. They focus on moving as much as possible, like taking the stairs every time instead of the elevator or walking to work instead of taking the car. They also prioritize having social circles that reinforce these healthy behaviours, and most of all they really take the time to de-stress and make sure to balance work and family time properly. 
Professor Stig Steen (developer of the Natural Balance Shake) has also followed this work and it has shaped and inspired his thoughts on longevity. 
When it comes to food, the people living in longevity zones all have their different food traditions, but there are a few things they all have in common. Like eating plenty of antioxidant-rich foods for example! These foods contain disease-fighting antioxidants and naturally control the body’s hunger signals so you know when you’re full. Another general pattern is to only eat until about 80% full to avoid weight gain and generally eating smaller portions throughout the day. They eat the smallest meal of the day in the evening, or preferably in the late afternoon. People in both zones mostly eat plants, especially beans, and rarely eat meat. If they do, it’s as little as 85 grams per portion. People in blue zones eat portions this size just five times a month, on average. 
On top of this, there are many other nutrients shown to contribute to the health of people living in the Longevity Zones. These include vitamins, minerals and fibres to complement eating lots of the right vegetables, fruits and proteins and Omega 3 sourced from fish that live in the cleanest of waters. We also need to bear in mind that lifestyle and environment play a role in the health of those living in the Longevity Zones. 
Of course, we can’t all live in these Longevity Zones. But we can help ourselves by ensuring we get the same important nutrients that are so well researched and documented for their efficiency. Why not start by adding a wellness pack to your diet, or aim to eat healthier snacks? Move a little extra by taking a walk after each lunch, or schedule one extra workout per week. Whether it’s big or small, every single effort counts. It’s time to get in the zone!
A green smoothie is perfect any time of the day - drink it for breakfast or as a snack between meals. It’s not only healthy, but also super yum!
1 scoop of Natural Balance Shake Vanilla
2,5 dl cold, low fat and unsweetened milk 
1 table spoon sunflower seeds 
Mix all the ingredients in a blender. Serve in a chilled glass with some extra sunflower seeds and spinach as garnishing.
Oriflame was the first direct-selling company in Europe to offer skin care products based on natural ingredients. And we can thank the incredible people working in Research and Development for that. So, take the chance to learn more about R&D and what they do!
NATURE & SCIENCE – A BRIEF HISTORY 
Oriflame has a long history in natural skin care. In 1967, Oriflame introduced products with less perfume, that used herbs and plant extracts to reduce allergy risk. This soon became an industry trend – making us pioneers in natural skin care. 
We have always had a relentless desire to improve and progress to find the most effective and sustainable skin care solutions possible. And our commitment to nature and the environment has only grown stronger over time. Our chemists search tirelessly for new natural active ingredients. They investigate plants from all over the world, as well as other natural sources like the marine kingdom, biotechnology, and even the human body. And they’ve made great breakthroughs along the way. 
For example, Oriflame was the very first brand to introduce UVA protection into a natural skin care range, and is the only direct-selling company to have developed plant stem cells in-house. More recently, our EcoBeauty range was the first of its kind to be approved by four leading independent global bodies – Fairtrade, Ecocert, the Vegan Society and Forest Steward Council. 
ORIFLAME’S SECRET “PEOPLE FORMULA” 
These amazing breakthroughs were made possible thanks to the unique, forward-thinking culture at Oriflame. And our Senior Vice President of Research & Development, Mary Lord, has played a key role in building this culture.
Currently, she has been with the company for 35 years, and right from the start she made sure we recruited, not only the most qualified and experienced scientists, but people who could see the bigger picture of their work and think ahead of the rest. 
Today we have over 100 creative, curious and imaginative scientists from all over the world, working at R&D facilities in two countries – Sweden and Ireland. Together they form a team obsessed with innovation, and their inclusive family culture is envied across the globe. 
Constant innovation demands testing, and R&D apply the same inventive attitude here. Having our own in-house clinical testing facilities, Ori-derm, allows our scientists to design clinical studies and test that otherwise would be impossible. 
For example, the team recently had the idea to measure the results of our complete skin care routine, compared to the ones achieved with individual products. They found that the routine leads to 7 times better results than what each product can generate on its own. Hence, helping our customers reach the results they want! So, R&D is essential in our efforts to create positive change and help others change their lives for the better.
For most people vacation means relaxation. As in letting go of everyday routines and live the most extravagant lifestyle possible. But if you want to keep exercising, to stay energised and feel good about yourself, we suggest you try these five travel-friendly workouts.
Get a great workout without spending hours at the gym. A WOD (Work Out of the Day) involves a set of exercises you should complete in a short time frame. There are plenty of apps or YouTube videos you can follow to push yourself to the limit! 
Get a workout and a tan at the same time! Classic beach sports like volleyball or beach tennis are not only super fun, but the resistance of the sand will make leg day seem like child’s play. Psst…don’t forget to wear plenty of sunscreen, sunglasses and something to cover your head. 
Give in to your adventurous side and explore your new surroundings by foot. You can burn an average of 200 calories per hour, so don’t underestimate the power of walking! 
Swimming is perfect training in hotter weather - it lets you cool off and get a full-body workout at the same time. Win-win! You can also try some water aerobics for extra toning. 
Find a quiet place in the shade and enjoy the relaxing mood a holiday brings. With a Yoga session, you can make your workout as advanced as you like – either working on strength and balance, or focusing on giving your muscles a deep stretch and improved flexibility.
Why should you buy Oriflame products? That’s a question we ask ourselves every day to ensure that we offer the best possible products. Here are five reasons that you can keep in mind!
TO ENHANCE YOUR BEAUTY FROM THE INSIDE OUT 
As a Swedish company, we believe in taking a complete lifestyle approach to beauty. To look fabulous, you need to feel fabulous! And with 50 years of beauty experience, this approach has helped define our product philosophy. Here’s to feeling so healthy it shows! 
TO GET GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY 
We’re passionate about creating great quality products. Products that combine the best natural ingredients with the best of modern science. High performing products with proven results. And because we believe that all great things should be accessible to the many, we offer them at great value for money. 
We care deeply about developing products in a responsible way. That means respecting people and nature throughout the whole process – from selecting ingredients and formulations, to choosing manufacturing and packaging systems. For us, it’s crucial that we have a positive impact on the communities we operate in, and minimal impact on the environment. 
We’re often out-performing our competitors’ products, and our unique daily routines for skin care and nutritional supplements offer even stronger, combined effects. We’ve got the clinical test results to prove it! So, buy Oriflame if you want to see results. 
TO FIND SOMETHING FOR YOUR UNIQUE BEAUTY 
We aim to have a product for everyone and for every occasion. With the widest selection of colour cosmetics, fragrances and accessories – inspired by the latest beauty and fashion trends – everyone can express their own distinctive style.
Extensive training (or just trying new sports) can give you intense muscle soreness. But there are plenty of ways to numb the pain after a workout. These are five of our top tips!
Although the benefits of a pre- and post-workout stretch are inconclusive, regular stretching helps to reset your body to a natural position and posture. If you’re experiencing discomfort after exercising, try holding a static stretch position (like touching your toes) for up to 30 seconds to get some temporary relief. 
A foam roller can be used to self-massage muscles to relieve tension, and to sooth any post workout soreness. Available online or at fitness stores, these firm cylinders can work wonders on tough-to-get-at knots. If you need to relieve achiness immediately try rolling your body over a tennis ball – it can be an effective way to reduce pain. 
If you’ve got a goal in mind – a fitness challenge or a stylish event - it can be tempting to workout intensely in the run-up to it. But skipping rest days will do you more harm than good. For a start, pushing yourself too hard can lead to injuries, but more importantly your muscles NEED to rest. When you lift weights your muscle fibres tear, repairing when your body rests; so, to get the full benefit of your workout, take some time off! 
4. TAKE A COLD OR HOT BATH 
A post-workout cold bath will constrict blood vessels and reduce swelling. If your muscles are inflamed, injured or very sore after a particularly hard training session, an ice bath can offer effective relief. Heat on the other hand helps muscles relax, promoting blood flow to the area to eliminate minor pain and stiffness quickly. 
Walking, swimming, yoga or light jogging can be performed at a low level of intensity to ease sore muscles. Called “active recovery,” this type of exercising stimulates blood flow to your muscles without straining them, and helps them repair before your next big workout! Try to book-in a rest day and an active recovery day between high intensity workout sessions for optimal results.
If we want to keep the world in great shape, we need to live sustainably. At the same time, many of us aim to treat our skin and ourselves properly too. That’s why we have got you covered from head to toe – with exfoliating and sustainable products that will bring out beautiful and radiant skin.
Achieving beautiful skin shouldn’t be at the expense of the environment. Did you know that over 200 million tons of plastic is littering our oceans? Or that plastic takes years to break down in nature? 
When scientists began to talk about the plastic micro beads in scrub products that were adding to the plastic litter in oceans, our Research and Developments experts had already begun to put in place several measures to stop using them. Our experts looked to nature for inspiration and found the perfect alternatives – natural origin scrubs. Since 2014, all of our new exfoliating products use 100% natural origin scrub ingredients—from poppy seeds and almond shells to olive stones and salt. It’s our way of helping to keep you and our world looking beautiful—naturally. 
We want to keep you beautiful from head to toe, so we’ve picked a selection of our favourite exfoliating products that can keep your skin smooth and soft – all with natural origin scrub ingredients. 
WHICH SCRUB SHOULD I CHOOSE? 
Put your best face forward with NovAge Smoothing Exfoliating Scrub. This scrub is just what you need when your skin looks and feels a bit lackluster. With its rich texture and delicate scent, this exfoliating scrub uses natural lactic acid and natural origin scrub particles to polish away dull, dead skin cells, clear pores and refine skin texture. A customer favourite! 
NovAge Men Purifying & Exfoliating Cleanser contains natural black charcoal particles to help cleanse men’s testosterone-rich skin. Black charcoal not only draws out and absorbs dirt and excess oil, it also exfoliates skin without over-drying it. Perfect for keeping your guy looking his best. 
The ONE Cuticle Scrub is just what you need to keep your nails in tip-top shape. This nourishing gel scrub sloughs away dry, rough skin and conditions to reveal more beautiful cuticles. With natural-origin exfoliating particles, nutrient-rich Red Algae Extract and Jojoba Oil. 
Feet Up Advanced Deep Exfoliating Foot Cream scrubs away rough, dry skin—perfect for sandal season. This high performance, rich, creamy rinse-off foot scrub combines natural origin Pumice beads, Mineral4E Blend and nourishing Shea Butter to leave your feet soft and buffed to perfection.
FOR THAT ALL-OVER PERFECTION 
Looking for a way to indulge your skin at home? Swedish Spa Exfoliating Scrub expertly exfoliates with salt and almond shells to scrub away dull, lustreless skin. This fantastic scrub also contains ginger oil and sweet almond oil to help nourish and tone your skin, leaving it soft and smooth. 
Facial massages have gained popularity lately, and more and more people are becoming aware of their benefits. The three major techniques to try are: stimulating massage, lymph drainage massage and acupressure massage. This is how to do them!
People with dull, lack-lustre skin. 
A stimulating face massage is easy to incorporate into your daily skincare routine. And when done right (and regularly!) the results can be plentiful: improved skin tone, better muscle contouring and a glowing complexion. 
Here, technology is your best friend. Wet your face and apply a pea sized amount of cleansing gel to each side of the face. Spread into a thin layer over the skin. Using your cleansing device, massage the brush head in circular motions around your face, stimulating blood flow to these areas. Spend approximately 20 seconds on the forehead and the remaining 40 seconds on the rest of the face (chin, cheeks, nose etc.). It only takes a minute and has been clinically proven to give users more radiant skin in only a few weeks! 
People with puffiness or facial bloating. 
Your lymph nodes are - put simply - responsible for fighting infection and filtering out harmful substances to keep you in good health. You have hundreds in your body, including behind your ears, under your jaw and between your nose and cheek. The practice of lymph drainage massage on your face – when done right – can help you stimulate the movement of fluid, to release facial bloating, for more toned and radiant looking skin. 
1. Begin under your jaw bone, applying a light pressure to the tubes that run on either side of your neck. Unlike stimulating facial massage, you direct pressure downwards to drain, not upwards to tone. 
2. Use a downward motion to run your fingers down either side of your nose and along the front and back of your ears. 
3. Use your ring fingers to trace a C-shape around your orbital bone, patting from the inner corner or your eyebrow all the way around. This will help de-puff swollen eyes. 
People with tired-looking eyes. 
When we stare at a computer all day, or squint regularly, our eye muscles tighten and tire. This can lead to fine lines forming at the outer-corners of our eyes. Acupressure (an ancient Chinese healing method) involves applying pressure to relieve strain, and in this case, relaxing the eye muscles to prevent wrinkle formation. 
Use your fingertips to gently apply pressure to the following areas: 
1. The inner corner of your eyes 
2. The inner corner of your eyebrows 
3. The supraorbital bone, found above your eyebrows, on your forehead 
4. The outer corner of your eyes 
5. Below the centre of your eyes 
6. The inner corner of your eyes, on either side of your nose
Want to up your smoothie game? Then you have to try this delicious and refreshing Raspberry and Mint smoothie – perfect for breakfast or as a midday snack!
1 scoop of Natural Balance Shake Strawberry
1-2 dl frozen raspberries 
1 dl cold, low fat and unsweetened milk 
Mix all the ingredients in a blender. Serve in a chilled glass with some extra raspberries and mint leaves as garnishing.
Fresh, glowing skin and glossy hair speak volumes about your general health. Eat your way to beauty that shines from within!
1. RED & ORANGE VEGETABLES 
A bright diet means brighter skin! All the red and orange hued vegetables including sweet potato, carrots and bell peppers are rich in beta carotene. The body converts beta carotene to vitamin A, which plays an essential role protecting and repairing the skin to keep it glowing with good health. 
Tip: You can have too much of a good thing - too much beta carotene can make your skin and nails start to take a yellow tone - but it would take a lot! 
Seafood comes packed with a whole range of nutrients from fatty acids to vitamins and minerals, offering a multitude of health benefits, not least for your hair and skin. Selenium is known to promote healthy hair and a healthy scalp and Copper to help prevent hair greying. Meanwhile Niacin, Biotin and Iodine help contribute to strong, vital skin. 
Tip: Try and make fish and shellfish your main protein choice twice a week. Where possible, try and choose those that are responsibly fished to do your bit for the environment. 
All dark green vegetables including broccoli, kale, chard and watercress are true beauty superheroes, loaded with iron, beta carotene, vitamin C and minerals. Spinach is one of our favourites for its versatility - raw in salads, mixed with other fruits and vegetables in smoothies, lightly steamed or wilted over warm foods. 
Tip: The water-soluble nutrients like Vitamin C in spinach and other greens can be easily lost if they are overcooked - make raw leaves your #1 choice whenever possible. 
Beyond the obvious sweet, juicy deliciousness of berries lie amazing skin-loving nutrients like vitamin C, which helps boost collagen production, as well as antioxidants called polyphenols. Blackcurrants, bilberries and strawberries are all excellent sources. 
Tip: Keep a supply of berries in the freezer for quick breakfast, smoothie or dessert fixes. Freezing retains all the nutrition of fresh berries - they can actually even be better if they are preserved immediately, when they are at the peak of freshness. 
Walnuts, almonds, Brazil nuts; chia, sunflower and pumpkin seeds. Whatever your nut or seed of choice they are tiny beauty powerhouses every one, packed with goodies like biotin, selenium and zinc, promoting firm, moisturised, glowing skin and strong, glossy hair. 
Tip: A small handful of nuts or seeds a day is all you need for a healthy intake.
You probably know that water is important for both your health and your looks. But why? What effects does water have on the body? Get the answers here!
IT KEEPS YOUR BRAIN FUNCTIONING PROPERLY 
Did you know that your brain consists of nearly 80% water? It’s true! In fact, to function properly, your brain depends on a delicate balance between water and a variety of elements. 
Think of it this way: when you lose too much water (whether that’s not drinking enough throughout the day, or exercising and not properly hydrating yourself afterwards), your brain cells lose their efficiency. However, when you get the right amount of water, you may notice improved concentration, memory function and better sleep. 
IT HELPS YOUR HEART PUMP BLOOD 
Even though you may be blissfully unaware, your heart is constantly working - pumping about 7600 litres of blood a day. When you are properly hydrated, your heart pumps more easily. Dehydration, on the other hand, leads to a lower blood volume, so your heart has to work even harder to pump and deliver enough oxygen to your cells. This is when exercise often feels even more challenging than usual. 
How much water you drink has a direct effect on how energized you feel. In fact, studies show that women who are dehydrated often experience a significant drop in their overall mood and energy. Instead of reaching for caffeine and sugar (which only cause your body to lose even more water), do your best to drink the real stuff. 
You might notice that if you don’t drink enough water, your skin starts to feel tight, dry, and even flaky. Hydrated skin, on the other hand, looks more supple and radiant. Why? Because proper water intake means increased cell productivity, leaving you with healthier-looking skin. 
One trick to further increase your skin’s hydration is to apply moisturiser on slightly damp skin (for example just after showering or washing your face), as it absorbs the products more easily.
Get smart with your summer skin care regime with our 15 rules to a healthy, radiant complexion!
1. Don’t hit the outdoors without applying sunscreen first. SPF will shield your skin from the sun’s harmful rays and help prevent the formation of brown spots, blotchy skin and premature ageing. 
2. You may not know it, but your lips are one of the most common places to get sunburnt. Soften, smooth and protect from damage with a lip balm that’s high in SPF.
3. Storing a face mist or toner in the fridge is the perfect way to refresh skin and cool-off on warm days. Our Ecobeauty toner has the added benefit of being enriched with organic Rosewater and Chamomile water, and jam-packed with antioxidants too! 
4. Don’t forget about your scalp! A sunburnt head is not only painful, it can also result in flaky, blistered skin. Run sunscreen down your parting or where a hat on sunny days. 
5. Exfoliation is an essential step in your skin care arsenal – it whips away dead skin cells and speeds up the skin renewal process for a smooth, wrinkle-free complexion. Use your cleansing device, acids or scrubs in the evening to avoid sun-sensitivity during the day. 
6. Eating a rainbow of colourful fruits and vegetables is a great step towards healthy-looking skin. Take advantage of the season and fill-up on blueberries, kiwi, oranges, papaya and strawberries that are packed with Vitamin C, or snack or Vitamin E found in avocados. 
7. There’s lots of techniques for removing unwanted hair on your legs: you can use a shave gel and razor, a hair removal cream or wax strips – for this, we recommend Silk Beauty. Daily exfoliation and hydrating with a fast-absorbing oil or moisturiser will keep legs looking their best. 
8. Hot and humid weather can lead to unwanted breakouts on your face, back, chest and shoulders. A through cleansing routine both morning and night that includes a cleanser and toner to remove dirt, oil and makeup will help keep skin clear. Wash spot-prone areas of your body with a mitt or sponge and exfoliate twice a week to encourage cell-turnover, and trade in man made fibres for cotton and linen. 
9. The skin around your eyes is naturally delicate and prone to fine lines, but squinting in the sun and UV rays only speeds-up this ageing process. Covering-up with a hat or a pair of sunglasses will protect, while an eye cream will hydrate and plump wrinkles for youthful-looking eyes. 
10. We tend to neglect our hands, but they’re just as prone to wrinkles and hyperpigmentation as our faces are; look for a hand cream that contains SPF to shield and nourish at the same time.
11. The skin on your décolletage or chest area is thinner and dryer than the skin on your face, which means it’s more vulnerable to sun damage. Avoid sun spots, sagging and wrinkles with daily use of sunscreen.
12. Post-sun treatment will replenish moisture and limit the damaging effects of a day spent in the sun. We love Sun Zone products that contain aloe vera to cool any redness, relieve peeling and hydrate dry skin.
13. Instead of spending hours in the sun, apply a self-tan (like this one by Sun Zone) for a guilt-free glow. 
14. The chlorine in swimming pools can strip away the surface layer of oil that locks moisture into your skin. After the pool take a shower straight away to avoid dry and damaged skin.
15. If you suffer from flushed, blotchy skin in hot temperatures, try washing your face in cold water to constrict capillaries and reduce redness.
For decades, people have been turning to tea tree essential oil to boost health, address skin conditions and even cure bad breath. Read on to find out how to make this brilliant botanical work for you in ways you may not expect!
If you’ve ever had athlete’s foot then you’ll know how annoying it can be. Often contracted from contaminated surfaces in moist, warm environments like gym showers or in and around swimming pools it results in fungal growth on your feet and toes. This can manifest itself in a number of ways, but most commonly redness, scaling or itchiness. 
But never fear because, traditionally, the leaves of the tea tree plant have been used to treat cuts, burns and infections – which makes it the ideal solution for treating athlete’s foot too! Try adding a few drops to a cotton ball and rub over the affected areas twice daily. 
One of the most dreaded and sudden breakouts that can happen to anyone is the onset of cold sores. They can make us feel self-conscious and really knock our confidence, but the good news is tea tree essential oil has been known to help limit the discomfort caused by cold sores and also reduce their duration. 
As soon as you notice the first tingling sensation of one starting to appear, grab your tea tree oil and get to work. Remember to reapply to the outbreak several times a day, but always avoid getting the tea tree oil in your mouth as it is toxic when ingested! Another top tip is to keep your lips moisturised during the length of treatment because tea tree oil can cause healthy skin to dry out. 
On the flip side, tea tree oil’s ability to dry out skin can actually be of benefit when it comes to the removal of skin tags. What are skin tags, you ask? They’re the tiny, fleshy growths of skin most often found under armpits, breasts, lower neck and eyelids and – although perfectly harmless – they can be quite frustrating. However----, by applying tea tree essential oil a few times a day using a cotton ball, skin tags have been known to dry out gradually and simply drop off. Test it out for yourself next time! 
So there you have it – three of the more remarkable ways you can treat skin conditions using tea tree oil. But why stop there? The list of benefits goes on and on! Check out our fantastic Love Nature Tea Tree range and discover more about the skin-beautifying properties of this ancient plant.
Summer is officially here. But as much as we love the sun, sea water and lazy days by the pool, none of these are particularly good for our hair. Follow these 9 tips and you’re all-set for the best summer hair of your life!
Dehydrated hair isn’t pretty, but in the summer it’s hard to avoid. Use a rich and intensively nourishing treatment to protect, heal and prevent hair from breakage.
Excessive sun exposure dries out hair and weakens it, but covering-up with a hat or wrapping a scarf fashionably around your head will guard it from the sun’s harmful UV rays. 
Hot and humid weather can result in a coarse and frizzy mane, but running some Argan or coconut oil through the ends of your hair will add instant moisture. If you’re out and about pop some in your purse and simply seal the tips if unruliness strikes!
Before jumping in a pool or into the sea, wet your hair with fresh water. If you dive in with dry hair it will absorb the chlorine and the salt right away – if you jump in with wet hair it won´t.
Hair is at its absolute weakest when it’s wet. Post-swim, hair can be almost impossible to detangle after it’s dried. Trying to brush out knots at this stage will only lead to breakage and hair loss. Keep a comb and leave-in conditioner in your beach bag and apply as soon as you get out of the pool!
Salt water and chlorine dry-out and damage your hair. After a dip, rinse your hair in fresh water and follow with a leave-in conditioner. 
After a day at the pool your hair will need some extra love. Wash your hair with a restorative shampoo that will rinse away any chemicals that have remained in your hair. Finish with a conditioner to replenish and moisturise. 
Air drying your hair is undoubtedly better for it – particularly if it’s been exposed to the sun’s heat all day. But if you simply can’t do without your styling tools, make sure they’re turned onto a cool or medium temperature and always use a heat protecting spray.
Make sure you go easy on any chemical hair treatments during the summer season. If you really want to bleach your hair or change the colour, try to do it a month or two before the sun really hits hard to avoid damage.
Good skin care habits are one of the most important things a man can do for his appearance. To help him out, we’ve outlined five essentials for a great-looking complexion.
Just because he’s not removing makeup, doesn’t mean he doesn’t need to cleanse at the beginning and the end of the day – and a bar of soap doesn’t cut it! Hand soaps are designed for just that, your hands, and can be drying and irritating when used on your face. 
Overnight, oil, bacteria and dead skin cells accumulate on the skin and need to be removed. And because men’s skin produces more sebum than women’s, it’s essential that they cleanse and tone in the morning to prevent clogged pores.
And in the evening? Well, just because his face doesn’t feel greasy or dirty doesn’t mean it isn’t. Washing with a cleanser will remove the pollution, oil and dirt that has built-up on the skin during the day, and following with a toner will get rid of any hard-to-budge residue. 
Try this: NovAge Refining Foaming Gel Cleanser and NovAge Skin Renewing Toner
The skin around the eyes is drier than the skin elsewhere on his face. An eye cream will target the tell-tale signs of a busy lifestyle, reducing puffiness, addressing dark circles and combatting fine lines.
Follow-up with: NovAge Ecollagen Wrinkle Smoothing Eye Cream 
Because of the hormone testosterone, men’s skin tends to be around 25% thicker than women’s. But as men age, skin gradually gets thinner and wrinkles begin to show. Serums have a high concentration of antioxidants and vitamins, and because they’re lightweight in texture, they can deliver these beneficial ingredients deeper into the skin for results.
We recommend: NovAge Ecollagen Wrinkle Smoothing Serum
Men have higher collagen density then women, which explains why they show the signs of ageing later in life. However, because men tend not to be very sun-savvy they form fine lines, wrinkles and brown spots, cancelling out their hormonal advantage. Lucky for him, most day creams contain SPF15 or above and will shield from UV rays.
The essential: NovAge Day Shield SPF30
Men’s skin is dryer, tougher and more prone to inflammation than women’s, and it’s no secret that hair growth and shaving often leads to irritation. A day cream will rehydrate the skin and act as a barrier against external aggressors, whilst a night cream will nourish skin as it repairs itself overnight. Healthy, well-moisturised skin has the added bonus of being easier to shave and care for too. 
Complete your routine with: NovAge Ecollagen Wrinkle Smoothing Day Cream SPF 15 in the morning, and NovAge Ecollagen Wrinkle Smoothing Night Cream at night.
Do you feel like it’s time to get started on that New Year’s resolution? We’ve got you covered. Here are 3 easy cardio workouts to ease you into your new, healthy routine.
Body weight exercises are great because you can do them in your living room, hotel room or in the garden with your kids. Try jumping-jacks, mountain-climbers and burpees and do as many in a row as possible. Start with shorter workouts of 5-15 minutes to keep you motivated and decide on 2-3 days a week to start off. That’s a maximum of 45 minutes of exercise in one week, totally doable right?
You can combine cardio with strength-training, it’s free and there are endless variations to keep you from getting bored. Out of excuses yet? 
USE YOUR BODY AS TRANSPORTATION 
Always take the stairs, (run up the stairs if you’re feeling energetic!), go for a walk during lunch, get off the bus early and run the last bit and take your bike to get your weekly shopping. All the small things you do to get more cardio into your everyday life make a big difference to your overall health. For example, climbing eight flights of stairs a day lowers early mortality risk by 33%! 
Have a solo dance-party in the kitchen, play football with your kids, race with your dog or hike with your friends to get your heart-rate up. This kind of exercise doesn’t feel like exercise but still burns fat and improves stamina, recovery and immune function. If you’re enjoying yourself, you’re more likely to stick to your new habit so get creative and active in a way that you enjoy! Playing and having fun while exercising releases serotonin, helps you sleep better and boosts your mood and energy.
Even the happiest of people wouldn’t turn down the opportunity to be happier. Here are 10 tips on how to make your world a brighter place.
When you exercise your body releases endorphins, chemicals that make you feel happier and ease pain. A good workout will also lower the levels of the stress-hormone cortisol, for a calmer – and happier – you.
Did you know that negative emotions are processed by one part of your brain and positive or neutral memories by another? Studies indicate that when you haven’t had enough sleep, your brain resorts to the bad memories and emotions, blocking out the happy ones; so more sleep = nicer thoughts. 
Us humans are social creatures. Even natural introverts are happier when they spend time with friends or family, and studies suggest that social people are healthier and live longer too. Today, why not invite a friend to meet-up?
When it’s sunny our bodies produce more of the mood-lifting chemical serotonin. Spending 20 minutes outdoors in the sun can give you instant cheer!
Getting out in nature, whether it’s going for a walk in the forest or doing some gardening, has a positive affect on the way you feel. In fact seeing the colour green is linked to increased vitality!
You know the saying: it’s better to give than to receive? Well, there’s truth in it. There’s overwhelming evidence to support that giving your time, or sharing something with someone else, will make you a more joyful person.
It’s been proven that spending your money on activities, like going for dinner with a friend or to the theater, will make you happier than spending money on material things – skip the shoes and invite a friend for a coffee instead. 
Recalling positive memories and smiling while you do so will instantly boost your mood. Even if you don’t feel like it, forcing a smile can cheer you up.
Meditating regularly has been proven to decrease stress and increase well-being. Get started by downloading a guided meditation app or joining a local group. 
Before you go to bed, write down three things that you are thankful for – no matter how big or small. Alternatively, try sharing the things that you’re thankful for with a friend or your partner – recalling the day’s positive experiences will boost your mood.
The Wellness by Oriflame routine is built upon our easy-to-follow ABC approach. But what does that mean? And how can you apply it to your life? Here’s the low-down!
WHAT IS THE WELLNESS BY ORIFLAME ROUTINE? 
The Wellness by Oriflame routine is designed to support your intake of protein, dietary fibre and micronutrients, in the right proportions, every day. 
WHAT IS THE ABC APPROACH? 
The ABC approach has three building blocks: ACTIVATE – BUILD - CUSTOMISE. They are designed to balance your nutritional needs throughout your life. All the Wellness by Oriflame products are packaged for convenience, making them easy to use, anytime, anywhere. You just need to get into the habit of using them. This is what each building block stands for: 
Set the foundation of your routine with vitamins, minerals and omega-3 fatty acids. These are needed every day to fill the nutritional gaps in your daily diet. You find them in our Wellness Multivitamin and mineral. 
Boost your defence system, and even build it over time, with the amazing Astaxanthin, together with bilberry extract and protein. Antioxidants are your active defense against environmental pollutants and help your body cope with a hectic lifestyle. Proteins help your body build new cells. You can find these in our Wellness Shakes. 
We all have individual needs depending on our age, lifestyle and general wellbeing. That’s why you should top up your routine with additional nutrition to feel and look your best. This includes using products like our Wellness soups. 
WHY WELLNESS BY ORIFLAME PRODUCTS? 
We capture the essence of Sweden in our approach to wellness. Our Swedish sense of connection with nature and wholesome balanced lifestyles drives us to source our ingredients naturally whenever possible. 
In order to bring you the best of wellness, we gathered world-leading researchers, nutritionists and scientists to study the healthy Swedish lifestyle, and source the finest natural ingredients. The result is products researched, formulated and developed in Sweden: to share with the ones you care about.
Most of us know that we need vitamins daily, but did you know that minerals are just as important for your health? Minerals help your body with its metabolism, water balance, bone health and more. Here’s how to add them to your diet!
Calcium is needed for many different functions in the body, among them to build strong bones and teeth. Where to get it, naturally? Milk (and other dairy products), broccoli and green leaves, such as kale and spinach. 
Since iron transports oxygen to all the organs in our bodies, you can often end up feeling lethargic and unable to concentrate without it. Where to get it, naturally? Green leaves, beans, peas, lentils, and tofu. 
Certainly, one of the most underrated minerals, magnesium is important for muscle function and reduces tiredness and fatigue. Where to get it, naturally? Nuts, seeds, legumes, fish, and whole grains. 
The ultimate fighter of infections, our dear friend zinc makes you less likely to catch a cold or the flu, and is important for skin, hair and nails. Where to get it, naturally? Shrimp, whole grains, pumpkin seeds, kidney beans, and spinach. 
Iodine is important for the function of the thyroid. Where to get it, naturally? Peas, dairy products, fish, and eggs.
What’s the recipe for a happy family? Who’s better to answer this than actual Mothers? So, we asked five Mums in our Stockholm Office to give us their best advice. Here they are!
“Like adults, kids can be in real moods sometimes - and my oldest son is no exception. So, occasionally when he cries (and I can tell it’s totally fake) I try to change his focus by doing something completely different. Like pretending to stumble for example. It has always made him laugh instead.” 
“Smaller children can have a tendency for more sensitive skin, so I always make sure to only use caring shower creams and moisturisers. This helps me avoid sour faces due to rashes and dry skin. My new favourite is the Loving Care range. It’s not only great for my son’s skin, but for the whole family!” 
“Toddlers can be picky eaters. My daughter would literary cry every time we gave her veggies. So, to make dinner time more fun we started making faces and animals out of her food. Now, she’s happy to munch on broccoli trees!” 
"I’ve tried to teach my children good hygiene habits from an early age. And being kids, they love to use A LOT of soap and shampoo when they wash themselves. So, we usually stock up on jumbo sizes – that way we’re less likely to run out and it’s better for our budget!” 
"Being a grown-up it’s easy to always focus on what’s happening tomorrow or next year, but kids think more here and now. So, I try to focus on the moment, and be very specific about what needs to be done right now when talking to my kids.” 
Sitting down at your desk all day can have serious consequences for your health, but there are things you can do! Here are 5 ways to boost your health and productivity if you work a desk job!
Standing up burns 40% more calories, alleviates back pain, reduces your risk of weight gain and heart disease. According to a study, people who sit for more than six hours a day have a 37 % higher mortality risk compared to people who sit for under three hours a day. If you don’t already have one, try to find a desk with adjustable height and aim to stand up as much as possible. 
When that afternoon slump hits you it’s easy to reach for whatever is closest to boost your energy, which let’s be honest, is usually sugar. Ward off hunger and beat the afternoon cravings with protein rich snacks that balance blood sugar and provide you with long lasting fullness and energy. Nuts, hummus and veggies or a smoothie with a scoop of Wellness Protein Blend are good options! 
Keeping your brain healthy may not be on your priority list, but it should be! A lack of physical activity can contribute to depression, memory problems and poor cognitive ability. To avoid these problems, invest in a high performing Omega 3-supplement that boosts brain function, improves mental performance and reduces signs of depression. Omega 3 also reduces the risk of heart disease, obesity and diabetes. If you have to pick one supplement, this is the one! 
When you sit (or hopefully, stand) at your desk all day you may experience aches and tension in your body from keeping still. Be nice to your body and take breaks to stretch and move a little to improve circulation and allow fresh oxygen delivery to the brain. Stretching improves energy, productivity and reduces stiffness, pain and joint degeneration. Do you like yoga? Desk yoga is totally a thing! 
Find it difficult to get enough of the sunny vitamin? You’re not alone. More indoor jobs and meticulous SPF-use is causing an epidemic of Vitamin D-deficiency. Vitamin D is important for proper immune function, supporting bone health and preventing depression. To obtain enough Vitamin D from the sun, large areas of your skin need to be exposed to sunlight for at least 15 minutes between 11am and 3pm, which can be difficult to manage if you work a desk job. The easiest way fix this is making a Vitamin D supplement a part of your daily regime!
It’s no secret that teenage skin can be tough. But adopting good skin care habits will contribute to better-looking skin now, and for years to come too. Here’s what to do.
Cleansing is the most important thing you can do for your skin, whatever your age, but as hormones shift in your teenage years it’s particularly important to target oiliness that can lead to blackheads and whiteheads. Washing your face – morning and night – will remove makeup and grease, and tackle bacteria that have gathered on the skins surface. If you’re too tired to cleanse before bed then remove your makeup when you get in from school so you always go to sleep with a clean face.
We recommend: Pure Skin face wash
Teen hormones can slow cell turnover causing a build-up of dead skin cells that can lead to spots – that’s why you need to exfoliate. An easy trick is to massage your cleanser into your skin with a muslin cloth or a cleansing device, whipping away dead skin and working your product deeper into your pores. Alternatively, try a specialised face scrub (like this one by Pure Skin) that penetrates pores with spot-fighting, anti-bacterial ingredients. 
If your skin is greasy (and as a teen it probably is), moisturising may seem counterintuitive, but it’s essential. We suggest picking a lightweight, non-greasy formula that won’t clog pores and reduces shine. 
We recommend: Pure Skin Shine Control Cream
Ask women over 40 what skin care advice they would give to their younger-self and the answer is likely to be this: “wear sunscreen.” And so, we say the same to you: morning to evening, day in and day out, apply SPF– trust us, a smoother, more even-toned version of yourself will thank you in years to come!
Believe it or not, your skin is at its best between the ages of 13 and 18. It’s plump, even-toned and wrinkle-free – even if it may be a bit spotty! Now is the time to dab on some concealer, or a thin layer of tinted moisturiser and go! Leave the heavier foundations for another decade. 
It can be tempting to overdo it on the skin care products, but anti-ageing ingredients that target women your mum’s age are unlikely to be suitable for your skin. Get to know your skin type and keep your regime simple.
Soaring temperatures and sunshine, sea and chlorine, air conditioning and insect repellant – the summer months give your skin a beating. Set your body into repair-mode with our 5 helpful tips.
You can apply all of the restorative treatments you want, but if you haven’t removed the dead skin cells on the top layer of your skin, they’re not going to work. To get your moisturising products working deep below the skins surface, you need to exfoliate. Skin that’s been sunburnt over summer is delicate, so choose an exfoliator with small, natural granules that won’t be abrasive – harsh treatments will only damage, damaged skin further. 
Did you know that environmental factors (largely the sun) are responsible for 80 percent of the signs of facial ageing? That’s why wearing SPF is so important. You can’t reverse those days in the sun, but you can take steps to improving your skin: look for products containing Vitamin C. 
Dark spots on the forehead, cheeks and upper lip make their peak appearance right after summer. Even out your complexion by using treatments that minimise melanin production and treat discolouration. 
Insect bites not only itch, they often scar too. Applying moisturiser daily and exfoliating the area will prevent long-lasting discolouration. If the red marks are simply not budging cover-up with some concealer! 
An evening skin care routine is a key habit for great-looking skin. Whilst cleansing and toning will remove the day’s residue, your serum and night cream will work hard to restore and repair your skin as you sleep. After the summer months, when your skin needs some extra love, let these overnight formulas step-in and do the hard work.
Many reasons for dry, itchy skin are out of our control. But the solutions aren’t! Here are our best tips and tricks for how to keep your skin moisturised as temperatures drop.
A steamy shower feels good, but the hot water is bad for dry skin. It strips your skin of its natural oil barrier – a barrier you need to retain moisture and keep your skin smooth. So get in the habit of turning down the temperature a few degrees and don't stay too long in the shower. 
There’s a whole new generation of moisturisers and skin products available for dry skin, so make sure you pick wisely! Look for mild cleansers and lotions made with petroleum jelly and natural ingredients like glycerine. Watery, scented lotions are practically useless for dry skin – what you need is a moisturizer that's thick and heavy. 
Editors tip: For small dry patches you can use Tender Care Protective Balm. It contains petroleum jelly, which helps to alleviate the dryness and quickly adds moisture to your skin!
Moisturise your skin from the inside! Essential fatty acids can boost the skin’s natural oil retaining barriers. This means that eating foods or supplements high in omega-3 can help you combat dry skin from within. 
When nothing seems to help - an overnight cure may be the answer! First, take a long bath in lukewarm water. We’re talking long enough to make your fingers go all wrinkly like prunes. Then get out of the tub and pat yourself semi-dry with a soft towel. Last, but not least, apply a thick layer of body oil. This can get a little messy, so we suggest you use an old pyjamas and sheets. Then go to bed. Your skin will feel remarkably different when you wake up the next morning!
It feels like the list of “must-dos” is getting longer by the hour - be a good parent, a good partner, a good friend. Work hard, workout hard and keep your house in tip top shape. It’s exhausting! So how can you find joy in everyday life? Try these six tips.
Saying “no” can be hard, but declining things that make your life more difficult will eventually feel good. It will also help you focus and understand what’s important to you. So, stand your grounds, and refuse to see people or do things you don’t like. 
Travelling will help you break away from everyday habits and allow you to view your life from a new angle. Can’t afford a lengthy vacation – don’t worry! Even small trips like a staycation or a day in the countryside is enough to charge your batteries and gain a new perspective. 
Feel like your future is hazy or even a big question mark? Then we suggest you sit down and think about what you have and what you want. This will help make your wishes more tangible and actionable. Break them down to smaller goals and lists - then start fulfilling your dreams one step at a time. 
GET RID OF THINGS YOU DON’T NEED
Take a look at your things. Surely, there’s a lot of stuff that you don’t use and probably never will. Liberate yourself and get rid of them! A good rule of thumb is to donate or throw away things you haven’t used in one year’s time. You will be surprised how freeing it feels! 
An organised work environment (whether it’s at the office or at home) is less distracting and will help you focus on the task ahead. Already a clean-freak? Then go to town on your inbox to delete spam and unsubscribe to unnecessary email. The less distraction, the better! 
As soon as you’ve finished one task or challenge, you’re straight onto the next. Sound familiar? Then you need to find time to stay in the moment – and enjoying it! Watch the sunset, play with your children, call your loved ones to just have a chat. Allow yourself a short break, and you will soon feel how life becomes easier and more enjoyable.
With winter fast approaching it's time to prepare your body and your immune system for the cooler months. Follow our lifestyle tips to ensure that you have a healthy season.
One way to boost your immune system, and help your body fight off illness, is to increase your intake of probiotics. Probiotics are microorganisms that are thought to be good for your digestive system and keep your gut healthy. Since a large portion of your immune system is located in the gut, it’s important to introduce friendly bacteria that can help to keep it working smoothly. You’ll find probiotics in a number of foods such as: yoghurt, kefir and sauerkraut. 
Speaking of food, we should talk about your winter diet. Fuelling your body with the right nutrients has a huge impact on both your immune system and your overall health. To make sure you consume a wide variety of vitamins and minerals, we recommend the rainbow diet. It involves adding a mix of colourful vegetables and fruits to every meal – the more colours the better. Also, remember to eat varied sources of protein, whole grains, nuts and seeds. Balance is key. 
Remember that you can also help your immune system by choosing to not eat certain foods. So by avoiding processed foods and foods high in salt and sugar you give your body its best chance of staying healthy. 
Love a good sleep-in on the weekend? Well, who doesn’t! And in winter you have even more reason to do so. It’s proven that insufficient sleep increases our chances of getting ill. Therefore, it’s advised that you get around 8 hours of sleep every day. It’s during sleep that our bodies get a chance to heal and strengthen themselves. So treat yourself to a morning in bed. You deserve it! 
In summer, staying hydrated is on everyone’s minds. The weather is hot and sweating makes us thirsty. But as temperatures drop, it’s easy to forget that water is equally important all year around. In regards to the immune system water is important as it’s the major component of lymph. Lymph helps white blood cells and other immune cells to travel through the body to fight diseases. So don’t forget to drink water daily! 
We mentioned vitamins in the diet tip, but cannot stress enough how important they are for your immune system. The two vitamins to focus on are vitamin C and D. Vitamin C is an antioxidant vitamin that fights free radicals and helps to protect our cells. Vitamin D activates the T-cells in our immune system that fight off infections in our bodies. So naturally these are crucial for your health. Both vitamins have natural sources - like fruit and vegetable for vitamin C and the sun for vitamin D. But a lot of us still don’t get enough of either. Therefore, it can be wise to add multivitamin tablets to your diet. Especially in winter!
Think you know your skin care? Take our test and see for yourself.
1. THE LARGEST ORGAN IN THE HUMAN BODY IS THE...
2. IF A SKIN CARE PRODUCT IS “CLINICALLY PROVEN” IT MEANS THAT...
a) the claims or benefits of the product have come from a clinical test, where volunteers test a product for a given time. 
b) the product has been created in a clinic where tests have been made on it 
c) the claims have come from tests that have been made on animals 
3. YOU SHOULD ONLY APPLY SPF WHEN...
a) you’re on holiday and plan to sunbathe 
c) every day, regardless of the weather. 
4. YOU ONLY NEED TO CLEANSE IN THE EVENINGS
5. THE ORIFLAME SKIN RESEARCH INSTITUTE IS BASED IN...
6. YOU SHOULD APPLY YOUR SERUM...
a) after your eye cream and before your moisturiser 
c) after cleansing and before your moisturiser 
7. WHICH ORIFLAME SKIN CARE RANGE IS ECOCERT, THE VEGAN SOCIETY, FAIRTRADE AND FSC CERTIFIED?
The skin is your body’s largest and fastest growing organ, and your liver is its largest (and heaviest!) internal organ. 
Clinically proven means that the claims have come from a clinical test, where volunteers test a product for a given time. 
Even on cloudy days, the sun’s harmful UV rays can penetrate the skin. Look for a moisturiser that contains SPF and wear it daily to keep yourself protected. 
False! Overnight your skin sets to work restoring itself, leaving dead skin cells and oils on the surface. Cleansing removes these and preps the skin for the products that follow. 
Our skin experts work on skin research and products at a cellular/biological level in Stockholm, Sweden. 
The rule is this: the heavier texture, the later it should be applied. Your eye cream has a light texture and needs to be applied first to absorb into the delicate skin around your eyes. Your serum, is slightly heavier – it delivers active ingredients such as antioxidants, acids and vitamins deep into the skin; finally, your moisturiser – the last step in your routine – is the richest formula. 
EcoBeauty is Oriflame’s most natural, ethical and environmentally responsible skin care range.
If you’re trying to meet your health and fitness goals, the last thing you want is problem skin sabotaging your good intentions! Here’s how to care for your complexion, whilst you work on your body.
The trend towards practicing yoga in extreme heat can be great for your body, but leave you with flushed skin that’s hard to budge. Refrigerating a face mask that contains cucumber or Aloe Vera can be a great antidote to redness. Simply pop it on after your session to cool redness. But, if you’re prone to rosacea, eczema or have sensitive skin, consider yoga at a cooler temperature. Unfortunately, hot yoga is likely to aggravate your condition. 
You’ll love: Love Nature Gel Mask Aloe Vera
Chlorine is notorious for robbing the skin of its natural oils, resulting in dryness. If you usually wash your face with a foaming cleanser, try switching to a cleansing milk. They tend to have a creamier consistency and are formulated to nourish skin, whilst removing impurities. You’ll also want to hydrate from the inside out, by drinking lots of water pre- and post-swim. 
You’ll love: EcoBeauty Cleansing Milk 
EXERCISE: HIGH INTENSITY TRAINING
Pesky sweat-induced breakouts can come as a result of oil, bacteria and dead skin cells mixing with sweat and clogging pores. The good news is these spots are easy to treat! A simple preventative measure is to remove all makeup prior to exercising and to choose workout gear constructed from breathable fabrics. Whilst at the gym, use your own towel to pat away sweat, and – of course – always shower after workouts, cleansing your face and areas prone to breakouts. 
You’ll love: Love Nature Cleansing Wipes Tee Trea 
If you’re planning to exercise outdoors, you’ll need to wear SPF. If your sunscreen is too rich for rigorous outdoor activities, and the SPF in your day cream is too low to adequately protect your skin, consider wearing a specialised product on workout days. NovAge offers a grease-free moisturiser that’s far lighter than traditional sun care products, and is formulated with SPF 20 for protection from the elements. 
You’ll love: NovAge Bright Sublime Advance Brightening Day Cream SPF20
Are you getting bored with your workout routine, and need some motivation to fall back in love with training? Enter the fitness celebrities. With their chiselled bodies and in-depth workout knowledge, they're bound to leave you inspired. Here are five of our favourite stars!
With her huge following on Instagram (6 million and counting!), Itsines is a personal trainer, author of Bikini Body Guides and entrepreneur, committed to transforming your body without the need for a gym.
The established fitness, lifestyle and travel aficionado, Van Dijk, uses her social platforms to share personal experiences, recommendations and knowledge of fitness/nutrition. Spreading positivity wherever she goes, she always encourages her followers to be healthy, confident and happy. 
The prolific author, speaker and yoga guru spent years studying in Central America before building up her impressive Instagram following of over 2 million people. Posting happy selfies in the most challenging of yoga positions, Brathen is all about finding your inner peace for the utmost happiness. 
As a Fitness Coach for the stars, she is the celebrity trainer personified. With 25 years in the business, she knows what’s needed to get strong. So, if you’re looking for empowering, but hard-core workouts, she’s your woman! 
Instagram: @msjeanettejenkins
A certified personal trainer, fitness model and motivational speaker, this Brazilian beauty proves that you can balance motherhood with at-home exercises. 
Let’s face it—everyday life can be stressful. The antidote? Carving out 10 minutes of your time to meditate. Here’s a 12-step guide!
Meditation can sound intimidating (and perhaps even a little boring) but when done correctly, it’s the best way to fully feel at ease and connected to yourself. The best part? It doesn’t require more than 10 minutes of your time. 
For all you beginners, we recommend guided meditation to start with. This simple exercise, when performed each day, has been proven to reduce stress and lower levels of depression and fatigue. 
First, it’s important to set the scene. Choose a quiet spot where it’s comfortable to sit - this could be in a chair, on a sofa, or even on the floor. Although we recommend meditating in the privacy of your home, you can do this anywhere. All you need is a space where you won’t be unnecessarily disturbed or distracted. 
1. Start by sitting upright, comfortably so. 
2. Place your hands in your lap or let them rest on your knees. 
3. Start by closing your eyes and focusing on your breathing. Allow external thoughts to disappear. If you feel like random thoughts are bombarding your brain, this is normal. Just acknowledge it and then move your focus back to your breathing. 
4. Inhaling and exhaling though your nose, allow 4-5 slow, full breaths to pass. (Notice how you feel when your lungs begin to fill with air.) 
5. On your next breath, inhale and begin to tighten and tense all the muscles in your feet and as you exhale. 
7. Release all the muscles in your feet. (Repeat this step for a second inhale and exhale.) 
8. Take your next breath and start to squeeze the muscles of your lower legs and calves. 
9. As you exhale, release all these muscles in your lower legs and calves. (Repeat for a second breath.) 
10. On your next breath, inhale and tighten your thigh muscles. 
11. As you exhale, release all these muscles in your thighs. (Repeat this step.) 
12. Slowly open your eyes and say hello to a relaxed mind and an open heart.
Although there are many similarities, men’s skin is very different from women’s. Primarily, this is due to testosterone – the main male hormone which causes men to have thicker, more resistant skin, facial hair and comparatively high levels of sweat production.
By nature, testosterone also causes elevated levels of sebum production which makes men’s skin oilier. And when you take into account that men have larger pores it’s easy to understand why their skin is more at risk of attracting grime and becoming clogged with dirt and oil.
Some good news for men is that ageing signs in male skin are actually delayed compared to women’s. But the bad news is, when they do appear, the ageing process accelerates dramatically. This contributes to a tired look that men want to avoid at all costs because insights show they perceive this to be truly revealing of their age.
Another unique factor is that testosterone-charged skin needs to be energised. Without this, its youthful appearance fades prematurely and signs of ageing set in. Facial hair also plays its part. Men with beards are more likely to have dirt and oil building up in the hairs, while men who shave regularly are submitting their skin to additional, unwanted stress.
The good news is, NovAge Men is engineered to address all of these unique needs. The range features customised, male-specific anti-ageing products and textures that can absorb deeply and energise the skin to offer both instant effect and long-term benefits.
I have a beard. Can I still use NovAge Men?
Absolutely! Men who prefer the bearded look can still enjoy the best possible care for their skin using NovAge Men. 
Top priority is to cleanse and exfoliate because beards are famous for attracting dirt and can also elevate skin oiliness. At the other end of the spectrum, facial hair can also sap moisture from your skin, leaving it dry and flaky. So, start with using NovAge Men Purifying & Exfoliating Cleanser. If you’re sporting stubble or a shorter beard this is as easy as being clean shaven. For men favouring a longer beard (1–1.5cm) all it takes is a few extra seconds working the cleanser in amongst the hairs to target the skin underneath. When it comes to the BOOST and MOISTURISE steps of your routine, apply NovAge Men Energising & Hydrating Booster and NovAge Men Intense Anti-Ageing Face Gel Lotion to cleansed face and neck – including your beard – again working down to the skin. Both products absorb easily into the skin without leaving a greasy feel and your facial hair will no doubt appreciate the extra moisture. 
Some Oriflame ranges have 6 products, why does NovAge Men have only 4?
Traditionally, men are accustomed to using fewer products to care for their skin, which is why NovAge Men features a slimmed-down range of products when compared to other NovAge ranges (e.g. Ultimate Lift, True Perfection). The result is a simplified routine that saves you time (not to mention space in your weekend bag) without sacrificing on performance.
Do you want to succeed in your career, up-level your social life and finally go on that dream vacation? Prime your mind for success and make 2019 a year to remember by taking these easy but life-changing tips to heart.
As the year is coming to an end, it’s a good time to take stock of where your life is going and what changes you want to make in the new year. Carve out some time to reflect on the ups and downs of the previous year. What went well? Where did you fail? Look at this time as an opportunity to learn from your mistakes and adjust your goals for the coming year accordingly. 
SET REALISTIC & SPECIFIC GOALS 
We’ve all been there, sipping champagne, hugging friends under a display of fireworks and proclaiming that our New Year’s resolution is to get serious about going to the gym. Come February, it’s clear that all that got serious was our Netflix-addiction. This year, to make a real, long-lasting changes in your career, health, or family life, set realistic and specific goals. For example, if you want to start exercising, instead of deciding to go running 6 days a week (not realistic!), start easy with 1-3 times a week and set an end goal to run a 5k by May. By having enough rest days and a clear end date, it’s much easier to stay motivated and stick to your goals. 
To up-level our lives and reach our goals we need to plan our days in advance. Life is a whirlwind of work, social events, and family life, and if we don’t plan our days ahead of time it’s unlikely that we’ll do anything but crash in front of the TV when we get home. The likelihood of eating a healthy dinner is much higher if we’ve done the grocery shopping during the weekend, because we know we’ll be too tired during the weekdays to come up with what to eat for dinner. 
VISUALISE YOUR DREAM LIFE 
One of the reasons that we often fail to make our dreams reality is that we forget to visualise our goal. The most successful people are able to envision their goals beforehand. To visualise your goals, write down your dream goal and describe it in detail or create a vision board with cut-outs from magazines. Once you’re done, start visualising how it would feel to achieve the goal as if it is your reality right now. Imagine the emotions, what it would look and sound like. When we visualise something, a new neural pathway is created in the brain, which prepares us to act as the way we visualised it - so without actually doing anything, you have primed your mind for success! 
Practicing gratitude is easier said than done when you spill water in your laptop and fight with your kids in the supermarket aisle. But changing your thoughts and practicing gratitude is well worth the effort. People who are grateful not only feel a greater sense of happiness, they also become more successful, because when you are grateful, other people are drawn to you. Gratitude also improves physical and mental health. Start your gratitude practice today by writing down 5 things you are grateful for every day and watch all aspects of your life improve by the time 2019 rolls around.
The Holidays are full of temptations. An overload of food, drinks and sweets can make you feel sluggish and un-healthy. So, we asked our Nutritionist, Elisabet Nordström, to give us her best holiday advice. Read them here!
START EACH MEAL WITH A COLOURFUL SALAD! 
After filling up on fruit and vegetables, you will eat less of the more calorie-dense foods. You will also provide your body with lots of antioxidants, vitamins and minerals without excess calories. Always choose organic fruits and vegetables, if possible. 
A daily supplement containing vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and omega-3 fatty acids, will ensure that you get the micronutrients that support the normal function of your immune system, heart, vision, and metabolism. 
LIMIT YOUR INTAKE OF ALCOHOL 
Alcohol can cause sleep problems, increases your appetite and provides a lot of calories. Moreover, alcohol is toxic to the body. So, make sure to limit your intake for a healthier holiday. 
WEAR A PEDOMETER AND WALK 10,000 STEPS PER DAY 
Moderate intensity exercise such as walking burns off fat, makes it easier for you to manage your weight, strengthens your body and makes you feel more energized. Plus, taking a walk together is a great way of socialising! 
A lack of sleep has many detrimental effects on the body, e.g., on the immune system and appetite regulation. So, make sure you get your beauty sleep!
Want a new, fun way of finding the perfect workout regime just for you? Try following your star sign! As your Zodiac influences your personality, we compiled a list over the best sports for every sign. What's yours?
As an Aries you’re in it to win it. You love competing, but can’t stand loosing. So, a solo sport is to prefer. Having a combative energy and looking for an adrenaline rush, speed sports or contact sports suit you. Try boxing, athletics or motor racing. 
If you’re a Taurus, then comfort’s your thing. And you refuse to forsake it! Sports are there for you to enjoy yourself and recharge your batteries. Outdoor running, rowing, dancing and gymnastics are good for you. 
GEMINI (MAY 21 - JUNE 21) 
Geminis spell sports T-E-A-M. As long as you’re active in a group or with a partner you’ll be okay. Ball games are perfect for your quick thinking and need for fun. Fitness classes can also suit your star sign. 
The main goal of a Cancer’s workout is to relax and reflect. To be submerged in the experience and enjoy it. Naturally, being a water sign, you’re well suited for swimming, water aerobics, sailing, canoeing, and scuba diving. 
Leos want to be admired and be the star! So, like the Aries, you need to win. You have guts and want to show off your muscles, so beach volleyball, athletics and gymnastics suit you. Or any of the latest trends that can give you recognition among your peers. 
Being a perfectionist, the Virgo needs to constantly evolve in the pursuit of mastering a sport. You’ll be really good at running and sports that require learning a complex technique, such as Chi Gong or martial arts. 
Libras can’t help it, but even in sports, love is on their minds. Looking elegant and maintaining a beautiful body are also important, but you hate contact sports. So choose sports like Pilates, ballroom dancing, tennis and ice-skating. 
SCORPIO (OCT 23 - NOV 21) 
Scorpios are renowned as tenacious loners with a temperament. You’ll definitely want to stick to solo sports that help you let out some aggression. Martial arts and extreme sports, like parachuting, are great for you. 
SAGITTARIUS (NOV 22 - DEC 20) 
Energy and motion make the Sagittarius happy. Especially if it involves the outdoors. Horseback riding, trekking and biking in the wilderness are therefore right up your alley. Archery might also be a fun activity to try! 
CAPRICORN (DEC 21 - JAN 19) 
Forget teams! As a Capricorn you like to compete with yourself and succeed on your own. High endurance and an urge to push your limits make you an excellent marathon runner, skier, cyclist or climber. 
AQUARIUS (JAN 20 - FEB 18) 
Personal development and spiritual improvement are important to the Aquarius. That’s why Yoga is so great for you. But you also love trying new thing and are drawn to exotic and original sports - whatever they may be! As long as they stand out, they’re for you! 
Like the Cancer, Pisces have a calm temperament and want sports to be relaxing. However, they do enjoy group activities, like stretching classes, if it’s slow-paced. Otherwise, swimming, water polo, and (in extreme cases) diving are the sports for you. 
A few years ago, the American astronomer Parke Kunkle discovered that Earth’s axis is no longer pointing in the same direction as it did thousands of years ago. The conclusion was therefore, that there is a 13th star sign and that our signs are about a month off. However, the only thing that has changed is the position of the stars and not the position of the planets. And it’s the position of the planets that’s considered to have the most impact on astrology. So, it’s recommended that you stick to your old star signs any ways. But, for fun you might want to know that the 13th star sign is called Ophiuchus.
Wish you could get more fresh air? Easy! Just take your gym session to nature and get fit outdoors. Here's a list of six workouts that are great al fresco!
Now is the time to ditch the treadmill and head outdoors. Not just because the weather’s nice, but because it’s better for your fitness. Running outdoors exposes you uphill slants, downhill slopes and uneven terrain, which make your workout more effective by targeting different muscles and burning more calories. 
Having the wind in your face has more benefits than freshening you up, it also means more resistance, which makes you burn more calories. Plus, your mood will improve from being outdoors! 
If you’ve been working on your glutes with the step machine, why not try the outdoor equivalent? Find a park bench and make it your gym buddy. Use it for step-ups, box jumps, side squats and lunges for an effective session. 
Exercising in short, intense bursts is an efficient and effective way of boosting your cardio capacity, improving speed and endurance, and strengthening your entire body. Find a hill and sprint to the top, then walk down. Take a 30 second rest and go at it again. 
You don’t need fancy machines to lift weights; training with your bodyweight can be just as effective. Most parks have monkey bars that you can use for practicing your chin-ups and pull-ups. 
Cardio has never been so fun, or sweat inducing!
Fear is completely normal - we’re all afraid of something. But when your anxieties are holding you back from achieving your goals or causing you stress, it’s time to tackle them. Here’s how.
Try to understand exactly what you’re afraid of and why. Is your fear realistic? What triggers your discomfort? Investigating your fears will help you tackle them head-on. 
If you’re feeling overwhelmed, try this simple breathing exercise: Hold your breath and count to ten, exhaling slowly afterwards. Follow by breathing in through your nose for three seconds and then exhaling through your mouth. Visualise relaxing as you do this. 
Sharing your fears with others can be scary in itself, but it can help. Confide in a close friend or family member – just saying it out loud will help you process your worries. 
If you find talking tough, try writing instead. Journaling what you’re afraid of can help you keep track of stress and what causes it. 
It’s not easy, but try to turn your fear into something you can be grateful for. Scared of public speaking? Be thankful for the opportunity to present. Nervous of flying? Consider how lucky you are to be able to travel abroad. Gratitude can help you reframe your angst. 
Facing something we don’t understand can be daunting. Educate yourself about your phobia by reading a book, watching a documentary or listening to a podcast – knowledge can really help. 
Cutting down on caffeine and alcohol, exercising regularly and eating a healthy, balanced diet are small lifestyle changes that can have a big impact on how you physically deal with worry. 
If your fear has become debilitating, it’s probably time to seek counsel. A qualified therapist will be trained to help you manage your anxieties – after all, sometimes we all need a little extra support.
When the cold weather hits your skin requires extra attention. Our Global Beauty Artistic Director Jonas Wramell reveals his secrets for achieving radiant healthy skin all winter long.
Suddenly it happens - your face assumes a pale gray tone, your hands feel like sandpaper and your lips require endless amounts of balm. Winter is here and your skin is on strike in search of moisture. What is really going on with our body's largest organ during seasonal changes?
For each shift in climate, whether we move from fall to winter, or from summer to autumn, the skin’s production of fat changes, says Jonas Wramell.
It always starts with the skin becoming dehydrated, he says, giving the first day on the ski slopes as an example where the effect becomes particularly clear. Sure, we have all experienced how the face contracts in cold wind, and the tip of the nose is constantly red and dry. But you can overcome winter skin. The solution is to gradually get prepared by following a few simple steps.
Whatever your skin type, Wramell recommends a rich and nourishing night cream. It works much like a face mask and boosts the skin with plenty of moisture and nutrients. Moreover, the effect is long lasting - a rich night cream builds moisture barriers that continue to hydrate into the next day.
So how do you create a fresh and rosy look this winter? A good exfoliating product is a must have, says Wramell. Fluctuations in climate cause increasing production of dead skin cells and it is these that cause the matte color on the face.
He recommends using a light grainy formula for a maximum one to two times per week. More frequent use may cause unwanted results: excessive scrubbing can cause small cuts in the skin that allow bacteria to enter and cause acne.
But the absolute easiest way to maintain moisture in the winter is something we all too often forget, namely to consume enough water. How much do you need to drink in the winter when natural thirst is often easily overlooked? Opt for at least six to eight glasses of water per day as a general rule.
Keep the peeling creme in the shower instead of on the bathroom shelf. That way, you easily get into a routine when you shower. 
Work out! Regular exercise triggers blood circulation, even in the face - an area that is otherwise difficult to stimulate. This will help the face avoid becoming swollen.
Opt for a day cream with SPF all year round. It not only helps shield you from the sun's rays but also protects against free radicals (harmful molecules formed during the metabolism of oxygen).
Get our beauty expert Jonas Wramell’s top beauty tips on how to look and feel your best despite Holiday season stress.
With the festive season soon upon us, Oriflame's Global Beauty Director, Jonas Wramell, shares some invaluable insights about the best ways for you, and your beauty routine, to survive the season's biting temperatures and bountiful temptations. Read on to find out how you can start the New Year looking and feeling your very best. 
We tend to overindulge a bit during the holidays - what's a secret to freshen up tired party eyes?
"Corrector! Hide the dark tones under your eyes with a little yellow. This will even out the blue and no one will guess that you're a little worse for wear…"
It's also a time of cakes and pies - what would you prescribe for someone looking for an instant slimming effect?
"Shed pounds just by contouring your cheekbones and jawline. Use a darker shaded powder to create shadows under your cheekbones. This will make them more pronounced and make you look leaner."
What's the quickest way to refresh after a flight, train ride or long car journey?
"My only answer is: moisturizer, moisturizers, and again moisturizer! Nothing dries out your skin more than the air conditioned, dry air that's inevitable during transport. So quench your skin's thirst with moisture. After that, add some blush and you will be ready to rock and roll!"
Skiing and other winter sports can freshen up our complexion, but it can also be particularly hard on the lips – any tips for hitting the slopes?
"Protective sunblock lipstick. This will keep your lips away from the harshest of UV rays. Still, some leave your skin dehydrated afterwards and perhaps you need to rehydrate in the evening with some regular all-purpose protecting balm. Might not sound so sexy, but it adds a natural look and your lips will be thanking you later!"
Use the right sun protection for healthy summer skin! Learn more from our expert about the benefits of using sun protection.
The ultimate proof of a great holiday is often – oddly – a great tan. What we forget is that when we tan, we’re causing damage to the skin. Every time we sunbathe, we increase our risk of skin cancer and speed up ageing. Luckily, there are lots of good sun creams out there – because our usual skincare routine needs a summer backup.
Holly Grenfell, skin specialist and member of the Oriflame Skin Expert Panel, knows which sun-traps we should look out for.
‘Clouds do not protect us from UV rays, and both sand and water reflect the sun. Your exposure to radiation increases if you are at high altitude or in countries near the equator, which are closer to the sun,’ she explains.
Sun creams should protect against both UVA and UVB rays. UVA rays penetrate deeper into the skin and cause skin cancer and UVB rays cause surface damage to the skin. The SPF number refers only to protection against UVB.
‘Double the factor does not mean double the protection.
SPF 30 gives up to 96% protection against UVB, but SPF 50 gives only 98%,’ says Holly. ‘The sun protection should also provide chemical and physical protection, meaning it should both reflect the rays and prevent them from being absorbed.’
Currently, sun-related skin cancer is more common among men than women. ‘One reason is that men don’t use sun cream as much as women do,’ Holly explains. ‘People who aren’t used to creams sometimes find them hard to apply evenly over the body. Sun spray is the perfect solution. Sprays aren’t sticky and don’t go all yucky on body hair!’
Don’t be thrifty with your sun cream.
‘Adjust the amount to your body size, but as a general guide, think a shot glass measure of cream for someone of average build. If you think you’re overdoing it a bit, good, because we often use too little,’ says Holly. ‘Reapply every two hours or more often if you swim or perspire.’
If despite your efforts you still get burnt, Holly has a few good suggestions: ‘Take a cold bath with oats, let your skin air dry and apply pure aloe vera to the burn, or bathe in cold black tea. Greek yoghurt (preferably 10% fat) will heal and reduce redness.’
Happy kids in the sunshine – is there a more wonderful sight? Unfortunately, it is also a health risk. Learn more about the best sun protection for your children!
UVA rays do more than trigger the melanin that makes us brown. They affect our and especially children's immune system and increases the risk of skin cancer and premature aging. UVB-create the actual red burn on the outer skin layer. About 80% of our lifetime exposure to UV rays happens before age 18 and sun protection from an early age makes all the difference.
As a mum, this worries me, so I asked Holly Grenfell, Oriflame’s skincare expert and member of the Oriflame Skin Expert Panel, for advice.
What kind of sun protection should I pack for the kids?
– A sun cream made for children with both UVA and UVB protection, wide-brimmed hats instead of caps and preferably UV clothing.
Anything special I should keep in mind before they go out?
– Apply sun cream 20 minutes before to give it time to absorb. And use more than you think you need – we often use too little. Remember vulnerable areas like the ears, backs of the hands, knees and hairline.
– Avoid staying in the sun for long periods between ten and three o’clock and reapply sun cream every 45 minutes or more often if they swim or perspire. Keep them in the shade as much as possible and dress them in UV clothing, a hat and sunglasses. It takes up to 12 hours for sun injury to show up and what seems like a little redness on the cheeks can get worse after a while.
What should I do if my child gets a sunburn?
– Get them into the shade immediately. Shower in lukewarm or cool water, apply moisturiser and give them lots of fluids.  Leave blisters alone and if they cover more than 20% of the body, your child develops a fever or the redness does not fade, consult a dermatologist or a doctor.
Any important points to remember about sun protection?
– UV rays penetrate clouds and we need as much sun protection up north as we do closer to the equator because the days are longer and exposure to UV rays is higher. And make sure you check the best-before date on your sun cream, since it loses effect over time.
Meet the brainiacs from our skin care expert panel and find out their latest tips on natural skin care.
With numerous environmental challenges affecting our health as well as our beauty, you may be concerned about what goes into your beauty products. Is there any actual difference between ‘natural’ and ‘organic’ ingredients and are they any better for your skin? 
We decided to get the lowdown from some genuine experts. Meet Dr. Natasha Williams O’Hanlon, Sustainability Manager – Product Development, and Dr. Emma Kearney, Ori-Derm Principal Scientist – the female brains on our skincare expert panel. 
What’s the difference between organic ingredients and natural ingredients?
– All organic ingredients are natural. However, to achieve organic status, the production of natural plant ingredients must abide by strict standards – from land preparation, growth, and harvesting, to processing of final material, and must be independently certified.
Why would you use skincare products with organic ingredients?
– When you choose skincare products with organic ingredients, you have an additional level of reassurance about the origin of the materials in the product. All ingredients and final products adhere to the same thorough development standards, and deliver benefits that are suitable for the needs of a wide variety of consumers.
How can natural skincare products help our skin?
– Natural skincare contains high levels of natural ingredients –including those from renewable plant sources – and fewer synthetic and petrochemical-based ingredients (Editor’s Pick: Ecobeauty).
You may have heard of the GI diet before; it’s been linked to weight loss, a reduction in the risk of diseases including Type 2 diabetes and heart disease, and improvement of energy levels and mood. Less of a diet, more a long-term lifestyle choice, we spoke to our Expert, Dr. Elisabet Nordstrom, to get the lowdown.
WHAT IS THE GLYCAEMIC INDEX? 
The GI, or the Glycaemic Index, is a measurement of how quickly and to what extent certain foods raise your blood sugar levels. The Index runs from 0 to 100, with high GI foods (those over 70 on the scale) being quickly broken down by the body causing a spike in blood sugar levels. Low GI foods (those under 55) are broken down and absorbed more slowly into the blood stream, resulting in a lower and longer-lasting rise in blood sugar and the need for less insulin.
WHY ARE HIGH GI FOODS BAD FOR YOU?
Originally designed for diabetics to monitor blood sugar levels, dieters use the Glycaemic Index to limit their intake of high GI foods. High GI foods are “bad” because they cause a rapid rise in blood sugar, which prompts the pancreas to release the hormone insulin. Insulin’s job is to remove sugar from the bloodstream and direct it to your cells to be used as energy. If it’s not put to use, it’s stored in the body as fat.
In addition, these rapid spikes in blood sugar also lead to rapid drops in blood sugar and insulin levels, causing food cravings, which can lead to unhealthy snacking.
- Low GI foods include beans and legumes, such as lentils, most fruits and low-starch vegetables, nuts and dairy.
- Moderate GI foods include sweet potatoes, whole grain breads and cereals, like barley, rye bread and brown rice, ripe bananas and some tropical fruits. 
- High GI foods include white bread and white rice, boiled potatoes, many breakfast cereals and most melons.
A low GI diet isn’t completely clear-cut. Many foods that are high in sugar or fat have a low GI – like pizza for example – but it’s still not good for you. This means that you can’t toss the concept of calories out of the window completely. You’ll still need to consider nutritional value and keep portion-size in mind. 
The way foods are processed, prepared and served will also impact a food’s GI ranking. For example, ripe fruits have a higher GI than green ones, overcooked pasta ranks higher than al dente – and so on.
You also need to think about how you combine food. A good tip is to pair high protein food with wholegrain carbohydrates, as protein will slow down the absorption of carbohydrates.
And – of course – you still need to exercise. No diet negates the need for aerobic exercise several times a week!
LOW GI PRODUCTS BY ORIFLAME
One of the most searched queries online is this: Why haven’t I lost weight after exercising? Perhaps you’ve wondered the same? We called on Oriflame Wellness Expert, Dr. Elisabet Nordstöm for the answer.
“It’s not uncommon for people to over-compensate for the calories that they believe they’ve burnt off during exercise, particularly if exercising makes you feel very hungry,” explains Elisabet. Numerous studies show that we consistently overestimate how many calories we burn while working out. And, on top of that, we underestimate how many calories we eat. We forget the small things – a handful of nuts, a soft drink, a piece of fruit – and over time these snacks add up, and so do the kilos of course. “It’s simple math,” Elisabet affirms, “to lose weight, you have to use up more calories than you ingest.”
“If you exercise a lot and then eat the wrong things or simply too much, you will not lose weight.” She recommends eating a fibre and protein-rich diet that will make you feel full for longer and prevent you from eating more calories. “The idea that carbohydrates are evil is a myth,” she clarifies, “they’re an important part of a balanced diet. Make sure you fill up at least half of your plate with vegetables and avoid sweetened drinks altogether.”
A kilo of muscle weighs the same as a kilo of fat – they both weigh a kilo. But muscle is denser and more compact than fat, which means that it takes up less space in your body than fat does. Even though your body is getting trimmer and more muscular, you may find that your weight is increasing – so instead of using the scales, wrap a measuring tape around your problem areas; if they’re getting slimmer you’re likely to have lost weight and built muscle. 
Water weight means that water is temporarily stored in your body. This is why weight can fluctuate from one day to the next. “Excess water weight can be avoided by exercising, drinking enough water (because water is retained if we are dehydrated!), cutting down on salt and eating dietary fibre.”
Cardiovascular exercise, like running and cycling, burns more calories during exercise, whereas weight training encourages your body to burn more calories throughout the day. You should do both. But integrating healthy habits into your daily life will also have a positive impact on your weight. “Try to find good everyday-exercises,” suggests Elisabet. “Take the stairs instead of the elevator, get off the bus early and walk, park your car further away so you have to walk the last bit.” Try monitoring your daily activity with a step-counter app – the goal is 10,000 steps a day.
The truth is this: for most people, a healthy diet trumps exercise when it comes to weight loss. But when it comes to health (and that’s the most important thing of all), you need to do both. It takes time to build muscle, so if you’re finding that you’re putting on weight but you went for a run, it’s not muscle weight we’re afraid, it’s probably the result of having eaten too much, eating the wrong foods or water weight. Start by making small changes to your lifestyle – walking places, switching soda for water – and you’ll be moving towards a healthier you!
According to Oriflame Skin Care Expert Melina Galeadi, all you need is two minutes, twice a day and you could have dramatically better skin. If you’re still in doubt about multi-product skin care routines, our interview with Melina might just change your mind!
Why do you need to follow a skin care routine?
Different products are formulated to address different issues. Following a full routine will ensure that you skin is properly cleansed, moisturised and treated to give you the best results as fast as possible.
What products does a set include?
To ensure that skin is properly treated and to get optimum results, we recommend four steps: cleanser, toner, eye cream, serum, day and night cream.
What’s the difference between a cleanser and a toner? 
Proper cleansing and toning cleans your face and prepares your skin to absorb the products that follow. Whilst cleansing removes impurities, excess oil and dead skin cells, toning takes-off the final traces of makeup. Toning also tightens the skin to minimise the appearance of pores and balances the skin’s pH levels.
"To ensure that skin is properly treated and to get optimum results, we recommend four steps: cleanser, toner, eye cream, serum, day cream and night cream."
Why is applying eye cream the second step in the routine? 
Eye creams have a lighter texture than day or night creams, which are far richer. These heavier products would prevent eye cream from absorbing effectively and giving you the results you desire.
But why do you only apply eye-cream to the under eye area and not the lid? 
The truth is, you don’t need to. Your eyelids naturally produce oils that keep them adequately moisturised – plus most of the signs of ageing sit around the eyes and under them.
So, the order in which you apply products is important then?
Yes. You want to clean skin first and then treat it. The general rule is this: the heavier the texture, the later it should be applied.
We shouldn’t skip the serum then?
Definitely not. Serums have a high concentration of active ingredients such as antioxidants, acids and vitamins. Their light texture delivers nutrients faster and deeper into the skin than a moisturiser can.
Why can’t I just use my day cream overnight? 
Our skin follows a natural cycle. In the day it’s fighting aggressors and in the night it’s restoring from them. The products you wear need to complement this cycle. Day cream for example normally contains SPF to protect you from the sun’s harmful rays, whilst night cream is richer to nourish the skin while you sleep.
Are all the steps as important as one other?  
The products within the routine are formulated to work together, in a specific order, to give you the best results. When we promote claims like “33% wrinkle reduction” in relation to Ecollagen, or “70% more bounce” for Ultimate Lift, we are referring to the clinical test results from using our products as part of a daily routine over a three-month period.
How soon should we expect to see results from following a skin care routine? 
All of our clinical tests are conducted over a 12week period, so our claims reflect this. When we say that True Perfection gives you “95% more radiance” we are suggesting that if you follow the routine you will see results within 12weeks time. But please remember that everyone is different. Genes and lifestyle factors like exposure to the sun, diet and pollution can all impact how fast or slow you show results.
No doubt about it: skin care is confusing. For every skin care problem, there’s hundreds of conflicting “solutions”. So, we spoke to our panel of Oriflame Experts to get their professional advice on how to solve your biggest skin care problems – once and for all.
PROBLEM: DRY & PATCHY SKIN  
Solution: “Avoid washing your face with soaps and very hot or cold water. Instead, use a moisturising cleanser that has a milk consistency. Exfoliate twice a week to smooth-over patchiness, preparing your skin for moisturising. And apply a nourishing serum under your day and night cream every day.” 
- Eve Merinville, Anti-ageing and Skin Care Expert (Ori-Derm) 
Solution: “Three tips: cleanse your face with a gentle cleanser; use a lightweight moisturiser; exfoliate regularly.” 
- Alain Mavon, Oriflame Skin Research Director 
PROBLEM: VERY VISIBLE PORES 
Solution: “Pores don’t have muscles, so they can’t open and close. But, cleansing twice a day and scrubbing with a cleansing device will free them of impurities, making pores appear smaller. Purifying clay masks are a gentle way to remove oil from clogged pores.” 
- Melina Galeadi, Skin Care Expert
Solution: “The under-eye skin is delicate so a good eye cream is essential. Apply your eye cream with a rollerball or use a light tapping massage to reduce puffiness and dark circles. Don’t wash off makeup with hot water as this can result in irritation. Instead, make sure you use a good eye makeup remover and take off your makeup gently - rubbing at your eyes will cause inflammation and capillary damage.”
- Nicola Kearns, Principal Scientist - Clinical and Consumer Testing (Ori-derm) 
Solution: “Avoid extreme hot and cold water as this can damage capillaries and increase flushing. If you suffer from redness you’re likely to be particularly sensitive to the sun, so wear a day cream with high SPF or try to avoid the sun all together. Easily irritated skin will respond well to a calming mask.”
- Eve Merinville, Anti-ageing and Skin Care Expert (Ori-Derm)
PROBLEM: SCARS & BROWN SPOTS 
Solution: “Sun exposure can lead to brown spots, so a day cream with a high SPF is an essential prevention technique. Treat scars with oils or products that contain Vitamin E.” 
- Nicola Kearns, Principal Scientist - Clinical and Consumer Testing (Ori-derm)  
Solution: “Fine lines are a sign of ageing skin, and UV exposure speeds up the ageing process, so a good day cream with high SPF is key. Use an anti-ageing serum and a specialised day and night cream daily. Make sure your skin is kept hydrated by drinking plenty of water.” 
- Alain Mavon, Oriflame Skin Research Director
It’s party season! And to make sure you’re looking your most festive, we caught up with Oriflame Artistic Director Jonas Wramell to talk trends, party-proof application and morning-after makeup.
What should we consider when planning our makeup for a party?
Well it depends what type of party you’re going to. A day party will require different makeup to a night out of course. My rule of thumb is this: more light less makeup, less light more makeup.
How can we get the best results when getting ready for a night out?
Apply your makeup in stages. Start by putting-on foundation and concealer, and then set your base with a dusting of powder over your forehead, chin, nose and cheeks. Allow time for your makeup to absorb and stabilise before applying other products – this is a good time to fix your hair or paint your nails. Now apply the rest of your makeup in this order: brows, eyes and lips.
Don’t overdo it! Great makeup is about balance. Either focus on strong brows and eye makeup, or a statement lip, but not both at once. You can reference the latest trends when it comes to colour, but don’t follow trends so closely that you look like a fashion-victim. Instead, try to find your most beautiful features and accentuate them, trust me this will look better than any beauty trend.  
What lipstick colours should we wear this party season? 
The “trendiest” colour right now is a dark burgundy, but if you don’t suit it, opt for a classic red lip – you can never go wrong.
How can we make the graphic-eye trend more wearable? 
Apply eyeliner as you normally would. Then, using a thin brush dipped in a dark eye shadow, layer over your eyeliner to create a smoky makeup look. This will be more wearable than “graphic” eyes, but still on-trend.
How can we wear glitter without getting it all-over our faces? 
First apply a creamy eye shadow (my favourite product) and dust a light layer of glitter over it. The cream base will help it stick. Glitter is generally quite hard to pull-off, so try a shimmer-based product instead.
How can we avoid greasy-looking skin when dancing the night away?
You should never compromise on dancing and having fun, just to look good. If you worry about shine, pack some blotting papers into your handbag. Or, if you have problem skin, use a small powder brush (or a big eye shadow brush) to dust loose powder onto oil-prone areas. Don’t apply powder to your whole face though as this will clog pores and trigger oiliness.
How can we fake a fresh face after a late night?
First and foremost, always remove your makeup before you go to bed – your skin needs to breath during the night. Second rule: hydrate. Drink lots of water and moisturise to combat dull skin and a puffy face. If you’ve got bags under your eyes, try a hydrating gel. And, take a less-is-more approach to your makeup the day after a big party.
Everyone has a particularly cringe-worthy beauty issue: unwanted smells, pesky skin woes, makeup mishaps – the list goes on. Thankfully, our Experts are here to help, with easy solutions for your most embarrassing beauty problems!
1. I OVER-PLUCKED MY EYEBROWS.
“Regrowth will take time and patience, but using a brow conditioning gel can speed up the process. While you wait, you’ll want to fake thicker eyebrows by brushing through your hairs with a specialised wax product, filling in with brow shadow and pencil. An online tutorial (like Step by Step How to Shape Your Eye Brows) will help.”
- Sophia Marinho de Lemos, Beauty Editor
2. I HAVE EMBARRASSING FOOT ODOUR AND IT'S GETTING ME DOWN. 
“Foot odour is caused by two things: excessive perspiration and the growth of bacteria on the feet. Use a foot scrub several times a week to get rid of dead cells that create an environment for bacteria growth. Always dry your feet well after bathing and follow with an antiperspirant foot cream or deodorising foot powder that will keep your feet dry. Slip a specialised foot spray into your handbag and top up during the day.” - Alernest Nunez Bengtsson, Oriflame Personal Care Expert
Look no further than Feet Up
3. I WOKE UP WITH A BIG PIMPLE ON MY FACE - HELP! 
“Whatever you do, don’t pop it! Instead, dab on a cream that contains salicylic acid. This anti-irritant also has antimicrobial properties, which makes it effective at reducing breakouts. If you don’t have cream to hand, try holding an ice cube against the pimple to help reduce inflammation and follow with a
concealer that contains Tea Tree Oil."
- Melina Galeadi, Oriflame Skin Care Expert 
”Woke up with a pimple? Don't pop it! Instead, dab on a cream that contains salicylic acid.”
4. I ALWAYS END UP WITH MAKEUP ON MY SHIRT COLLAR AND CLOTHES.
“Help makeup stick better by applying a layer of primer underneath your foundation and finish with a dusting of a translucent powder or a setting spray for hold. And of course use waterproof products.”
- Sophia Marinho de Lemos, Beauty Editor
Sophia’s favourites: The ONE Illuskin Face Primer and The ONE Loose Powder
5. I HAVE DARK FACIAL HAIR AND I FIND IT EMBARRASSING.  
“I would recommend waxing with ready-to-use cold wax strips that are designed specifically for facial hair. It’s fast, easy to do and results usually last for up to four weeks.”
- Alernest Nunez Bengtsson, Oriflame Personal Care Expert
6. IN THE WINTER, I ALWAYS GET RED BLOTCHES AROUND MY NOSE FOR BLOWING IT SO MUCH. 
“Avoid extreme hot and cold water as this can increase redness further. Cleanse your face with a mild face wash, patting dry with a towel and follow with a nourishing moisturiser. I would avoid very fragranced moisturisers that might irritate the skin further and opt for a soothing balm or oil until the problem clears. A calming mask will help too."
- Melina Galeadi, Oriflame Skin Care Expert
7. I FAKE-TANNED AND HAVE STREAKS ALL OVER ME.
“Pour some body oil into a bath and soak, using a mitt to gently exfoliate your skin all over. Rubbing lemon juice into the area is also a good trick to fade it quickly!”
- Sophia Marinho de Lemos, Beauty Editor
8. BY THE END OF THE DAY I ALWAYS HAVE EMBARRASSING SWEAT PATCHES UNDER MY ARMS! 
“Sweating is a normal body function, but it can cause embarrassment if in excess. Apply an antiperspirant to dry underarm skin right before you go to bed and reapply it in the morning – this will allow for better absorption. Wear natural fabrics like cotton, wool, hemp, silk or linen as these will allow the skin to “breathe” better.“
- Alernest Nunez Bengtsson, Oriflame Personal Care Expert 
9. I WAXED AND NOW I HAVE RASH AROUND MY BIKINI LINE.
“Sooth bumps and red rashes by wrapping ice in a soft washcloth and applying it directly to the inflamed area. Leave it on the skin for up to 15 minutes until the rash has calmed. Wear loose-fitted cotton underwear and clothing to avoid any further irritation.”
- Alernest Nunez Bengtsson, Oriflame Personal Care Expert
Our men’s editor, Kirill Kutalov, is something of a men’s grooming guru, so we compiled the most common men’s skin and hair care questions to get his expert advice.
What can I do about embarrassing dandruff?
Dandruff is an extremely common problem – the good news is, that it’s easy to solve it with proper care. First you’ll need an appropriate shampoo to treat it. Men’s scalps produce 50% more fat than women’s, which is why you should steer clear of your girlfriend’s or unisex hair care products. Shampoos designed for men will cleanse the scalp more thoroughly to remove excess oil that can lead to dandruff.
Also, avoid washing your hair with very hot water and scrubbing; this will only lead to further irritation. And, don’t overdo it with the styling products and abstain entirely from any products that contain alcohol.
My hair is beginning to thin, how can I stop it?
It’s comforting to know this: 40% of men over the age of 35 experience hair thinning. If you’re still eager to halt the process, here are some tips that can really help: First, you’ll need the right products. No shampoo is going to speed-up hair growth, but there are special products that can create the effect of thick and healthy hair (which is almost as good as reality). Don’t abuse the use of heavy styling products – a hair dyer will suffice. 
How can I get rid of puffy, under-eye bags?
Dark circles can be hereditary, in which case there’s little you can do about them. But factors such as drinking alcohol, allergies, eating very salty food and humidity levels can have an impact on the appearance of under-eye bags. Know this: the skin under your eyes is very special. It’s tender and susceptible to damage so use products that are tailored for the area. Besides using an eye cream, the best remedy for dark circles is simple – seven to eight hours of sleep every night.
How can I avoid ingrown hairs from shaving?
Most men suffer from this, but those with curly hair are more prone to the problem. Prevent ingrown hairs with a scrub that cleans pores and prevents your hair follicles from clogging with dead skin cells. Clean hair follicles will result in the hair growing in the right direction. The experienced groomer should invest in a cleansing device – especially if you have a beard of stubble.
How can I prevent wrinkles? 
It begins with your skin’s surface: moisturise your skin, as dry skin is prone to premature ageing. But your skin has three true enemies: direct sunlight, smoking and sugar. So put on the SPF, put out the cigarette and stay away from the chocolate bars.
Where should I apply my cologne?
Many people mistakenly believe that the most suitable place for your cologne is your pulse zone and behind your ears. In fact that’s wrong: your body temperature is slightly warmer in this area, which results in your scent evaporating faster. Instead, apply to your upper chest (just below your collarbone) – this will lock the scent between your skin and shirt, wafting upwards when you move. Dab your cologne on the inside of your biceps and the elbow cavity too.
Dr Emma Kearney, Principal Scientist at Oriflame offers us a little expert advice on how to moisturise and take care of your skin during summer to prevent premature ageing.
As an educated and intelligent woman, I've learned that, though the sun's rays make me – and the rest of the world – happy, they're harmful to my skin. Tanning can age my skin (and, as I'm closer to 40 than 30, this really isn't what I want). I also know sporting a really deep tan has gone out of vogue – but I still yearn for that golden, healthy-looking glow. The good news is that it's possible to have bronzed skin while glowing with health, too. We asked Dr. Emma Kearney for her tips on how to take care of my skin throughout the summer.
How to prevent premature ageing
“Use a lotion with an SPF of 15 or higher, and UVA protection. Apply sunscreen 30 minutes before going out and reapplying every two hours – more often if you've been swimming or sweating,” suggests Emma.
How to prevent premature ageing
“Daily suncare is essential; use a face cream containing an SPF – and apply generously!”
How to prevent premature ageing:
“Don't skimp on the moisturiser; use it day and night to maintain hydration and skin tone.”
EMMA’S TIPS FOR A HEALTHIER SKIN
“Cover up your skin, stay in the shade, protect your eyes, and stay hydrated and glowing from the inside by drinking plenty of water and eating well.”
Learn about the best autumn makeup trends! Here our Global Artistic Director Jonas Wramell shares his favourites.
Jonas, what are the big makeup trends for this autumn/winter?
‘As always, we are seeing several different trends in the shows, but relatively few will get picked up and become wearable. The trends I believe in are the soft berry lips and – in contrast – the very orange lips, which might be a bit more difficult to wear.
What look should I go for if I want to try orange lips?
‘Oddly enough, orange is such an “off” colour that it works for almost everyone. It doesn’t fade into the background. The colour stands out so much to begin with that it works with almost anything and any style,’ Jonas assures us, ‘from rocker girls in leather looks and flirty flower girls in pretty dresses.’ To make the most out of it, keep your hair and makeup simple. Your orange lips will then be a stunning detail – almost like an accessory! 
What should I keep in mind if I want soft berry lips?
Soft berry is more of the natural look of the season, in contrast to the orange, bolder alternative. If you want to go for the soft berry you have to be fairly specific about the colour you choose, the shade and the structure – it’s all about making the most out of your look and your features. 
What skin finish should we be looking for?
‘Skin follows the climate. In the spring we use lighter products, while we want more coverage during the winter. Aim for a velvet, powdered, flawless finish. Go for a very natural base and adjust it depending on the needs of your skin.
Serums have quickly become the it-products in skincare over the past years. Despite that, many of us are still unsure about what a serum is and what it does. We decided to ask Holly Grenfell, skincare specialist and part of Oriflame’s Skin Care Expert Panel some of our most burning questions!
Serums are skin care products with a high concentration of active ingredients such as antioxidants, acids and vitamins. A serum can really help your skin in the long term to boost collagen and optimal hydration levels.  They are lighter in texture than creams as they are comprised of smaller molecules, so they are able to deliver additional nutrients to the deeper layers of the skin. 
What are the benefits of using a serum?
Serums are formulated to target specific concerns that lay below the epidermis such as pigmentation, age spots and deeper wrinkles. This product is an essential part of an anti-aging skin care program and have excellent clinical studies to prove their effectiveness.  
Can I use a serum to replace my day and night cream?
No, moisturizers are formulated to keep the skin hydrated by putting a protective barrier between it and the outside. Serums are formulated to penetrate deeply into the skin to deliver key ingredients.
Day, night cream and serum have a different role to accomplish and by excluding one of them, you are depriving your skin of important benefits they bring.  Here are some quick facts to help you distinguish between the three:
Serum- has a lightweight texture to seamlessly absorb in the skin providing it with active ingredients. Serum boosts the performance of Day Cream, but does not replace it.
Day Cream – deeply moisturizes and protects your skin during the day. Formulated with UV factors provides protective shield from aging inducing sun radiation. 
Night Cream- especially for the night, serum is not enough for your skin, it needs a night cream that brings nourishment for the skin that quickly regenerates and renews itself in the night.
Apply serum on freshly cleansed face and massage it into the skin of face and neck. One drop is enough as the formula is very concentrated and spreads easily on the skin. The serum absorbs very quickly so your skin is ready to take on day or night cream depending on time of the day.
Bye bye split ends and dry hair! Meet the inspiring Karl Eklund, Oriflame’s Global Hair Expert, as he reveals his most effective hair care tips.
What are the most common mistakes people make within hair care?
People tend to forget that wet hair is very sensitive; always avoid pulling the hair when combing. It’s also important to dry your hair carefully with the towel, squeeze instead of rubbing! 
What is your best tip to avoid getting dry hair?
Always use conditioner of course, but also try to wash your hair with warm or even cold water instead of hot. Avoid a very hot blow-dryer and when using hot tools always use heat protection lotion. 
Share your most effective hair care tips with us!
Identify your hair needs and make sure to use products for your specific hair type.
Brush your hair before you shower to avoid pulling it after washing. .
Use a hair mask once a week when your hair really needs that extra boost.
Use a few drops of hair serum on newly washed, dry hair and get your hair trimmed every six to eight weeks.
Go for a well groomed and sophisticated look this winter. Our stylish Global Beauty Artistic Director, Jonas Wramell gives you his best insider tips!
How do you think the modern man should look this winter?
– I love a classic style and I take a lot of inspiration from the English gentleman; classically dressed with a bit of perfect stubble and a messy hairstyle. Invest in quality and complete with details in the season's trendiest colors – plum and military green. Don’t forget to take care of your skin, if your skin is dry and dull it doesn’t matter how well dressed you are. 
Do you see any new trends in male grooming?
– The younger generations are becoming more aware of looking after themselves. Investing in a good skin care regime has become more of a lifestyle these days! 
Some tips on how to take care of the skin during the cold winter months?
– Sleep and water are musts! It´s also important that you adjust your skin care routine for the season. Boost your skin with lots of moisture; if you have a dull skin opt for a day cream that contains Vitamin C to give your skin a nice glow. Use a face scrub two or three times a week and make sure you apply a richer face cream at night. 
Can you reveal some quick and easy tips for a healthy looking skin?
– Massage your face with a warm, damp towel for a few minutes before heading out – it will stimulate the blood circulation, making the skin feel tighter and pores appear smaller.
The natural skin care segment is growing at a phenomenal rate. But how do products labelled “sustainable”, “natural” or “organic” differ? We caught up with Oriflame skin care expert Melina Galeadi to find out.
What is meant by “natural” when it comes to skin care?
Even though there are different certification bodies offering their own definition on what natural means, there is no global industry standard as yet. This means, that “natural” is up for interpretation. However, natural ingredients are in effect ingredients that are sourced from plants or other natural sources. These are extracted by mechanical means, like pressing, or by use of natural solvents.
And how does this differ from skin care products labelled “organic”?
Organic ingredients are natural ingredients that are organically farmed. This means that farming has taken place without the use of synthetic pesticides. 
Is “natural” and “organic” always better, or is this a misconception?
Natural and organic ingredients can be better, but because of their delicate nature, great expertise is required to preserve, formulate and extract the goodness from them. On saying that, synthetic formulations can also be safe. It is the process, the expertise in formulating, and a deep knowledge of ingredients, that determine the quality and safety of the final product.
"Instead of trying to understand complicated ingredients, look at a company's overall philosophy and approach to naturalness."
But can natural skin care products really target ageing concerns with the same efficacy as non-natural products?
It’s not that black and white. It’s not so much the level of naturalness that influences performance, but rather the formulation of ingredients. The efficacy of natural ingredients can be greatly enhanced when refined through science.
Why did Oriflame create Ecobeauty and target the eco-conscious consumer?
Nature is in our DNA. We’ve been pioneers in developing formulas using natural ingredients since 1967, so creating the ultimate natural range was a sensible next step for us.
"It’s not so much the level of naturalness that influences performance, but rather the formulation of ingredients."
Can you tell us a bit about the Ecobeauty range?
Ecobeauty embodies Oriflame’s commitment to sourcing ingredients from nature and from renewable sources. It’s been certified by Ecocert, meaning that it contains over 95% natural ingredients and over 5% organic ones. On top of that, the manufacturing processes to create Ecobeauty are environmentally responsible and the packaging is recyclable – sustainable form start to finish. But what makes me even more proud, is that Ecobeauty delivers results too!
Each Ecobeauty product contains two key ingredients that have been carefully selected for their unique effects on the skin. Because of the gentle extraction process, the essential vitamins, amino acids and fatty acids are kept intact. This provides the skin with all of the essential building blocks needed to maintain radiance and health in a natural way.
No matter your age or skin colour, hyperpigmentation can affect your complexion and your confidence. Today there’s a whole host of skin brightening products available to target discolouration, but how do they work and what exactly do they do? We spoke to Oriflame skin care expert Melina Galeadi to find out.
How do skin brighteners work? 
Skin lightening creams are designed to reduce skin discolouration caused by sun exposure, age, disease or acne scarring. 
Skin colouration is a result of melanin distribution on the skin. Melanin is produced by specialised skin cells called melanocytes; the more melanin produced, the darker your skin tone.   
Skin brighteners do the following: They reduce melanin production in melanocytes, correct skin tone and treat visible dark spots. These products target discoloured areas where melanin is more prominent and prevent future dark spot formation. 
Who should use skin brightening products? 
Skin brighteners can be used by anyone experiencing hyperpigmentation or skin discolouration. You can experience this concern at any age, but as you get older the problem may become more pronounced. As an even skin tone is associated with younger looking skin, skin brightening products may feel of relevance to people with anti-ageing requirements. 
"Skin brighteners correct skin tone, target discoloured areas and prevent future dark spot formation"
What is the difference between skin brightening and skin bleaching products?
The end result is similar; they both lighten your skin colour. But it’s the active ingredient, which causes the whitening effect that differentiates them. There are a number of actives that have been banned from the European Union due to their harshness and unpleasant side effects. The aim of skin brightening products is to create a uniform look via agents that correct skin tone, whilst respecting the skin’s balance. 
Should you combine skin brighteners with other products for maximum efficacy? 
When you select and use products, it’s always recommended to first establish your main skin care concern. If it’s hyperpigmentation and uneven skin tone, then you should select products that address these concerns. If you have an additional concern that you wish to address, then it’s fine to combine products that target these too. The most important prevention method for discolouration is to avoid sun exposure all together.
What’s your favourite skin brightening product and why?
The Ecollagen White range, as it combines brightening and anti-ageing properties!
What if we told you that a few tweaks to your diet could make you a happier person? Have we got your attention? We spoke to Oriflame’s Wellness Formulation Expert, Dr. Anke Ginzburg to find out what good mood eating really means.
Why does food have the ability to alter our mood, and how does what we eat relate to our feelings? 
Food is a very powerful tool and has a major impact on how we feel. If we do not have the nutrition that our bodily system needs, we will certainly feel the negative impact on our emotions. Eating high GI foods can give us an energy rush, which leaves us with low blood sugar, and a burnt out, lethargic feeling. While low levels of Vitamins from the B-family have been associated with negative mood swings. 
One neurotransmitter that is often associated with feeling happy and content is serotonin. Serotonin satiates us after we have eaten a meal – it also contributes to the feeling of being in love. You can top up your serotonin levels by eating bananas, kiwi fruit and pineapples. 
What are good fats (and bad ones) and what role do they play in our disposition? Good fats are the ones that are needed by the body to function properly. Every cell in the body needs fats in order to function. When we refer to good fats, we often mean polyunsaturated fatty acids (or Omega-3 or -6 fatty acids), which are available in walnuts, flaxseeds, chia seeds or fatty fish.
Bad fats, or saturated fats, are obtained from processed food and do not occur in nature. These fats have a tendency to accumulate in the cardiovascular system, where they may clog blood vessels, leading to heart attacks and strokes. They also cause damage to your cell membranes and consequently your nervous system. So next time you reach for a doughnut, remember that the saturated fats in it won’t just end up on your hips, but in your brain too!
”Next time you reach for a doughnut, remember that the saturated fats in it won't just end up on your hips, but in your brain too!".
Emotional eating is often linked to the eating of fatty and sugary foods – why do we crave “bad” foods when we feel down, rather than – let’s say, spinach?
Eating as an action, in itself gives us pleasure. Our brains are wired to flood our nervous system with dopamine when we eat certain foods, which make us happy.
The reason why we opt for fatty and sugary foods is actually evolutionary. The original intent of this mechanism was to ensure the survival of the human race in a time where food was very scarce. By connecting high calorie foods with the reward of pleasure, nature ensured that in times of starvation, we would not opt for the low calorie foods but ones with the highest caloric value.
The problem is that today we find these salts, fats and sugars in food that is particularly bad for us.
The term coined “hangry” refers to when someone is angry because they are hungry – is this a real thing? Why does it happen?
Hunger is very basic; it’s our body signalling that we need food. But scientifically speaking there is no such thing as “hangry”.
We are creatures of habit that tend to have fixed patterns of how and when we like to eat. We are used to feeling satisfied at certain times of the day and feel unbalanced – or “hangry” - when we don’t follow our usual eating patterns.
Why does processed food leave one feeling tired and sluggish?
Processed foods tend to be high in calories in the shape of saturated fats and sugar. And refined sugars often have a very high glycaemic index (GI).  High GI foods can stimulate an energy rush, which after a short experience of euphoria leaves us with the crash of low blood sugar. This is the feeling of sluggishness. 
What is a healthy – and happy – alternative to eat instead of processed snacks?
The answer has to be bananas – they’re the ultimate happy food. They’re balanced in complex carbohydrates and protein and contain various vitamins and minerals.
What does a “happy” diet look like?
A happy diet is balanced in protein, complex carbohydrates, good fats and micronutrients. Getting as much unprocessed or lightly cooked fresh and organic fruit and vegetable is key for the happy-dieter.
Everyday there seems to be a new fad diet promising “easy” and “instant” weight loss. But are these diets good for your health? And do they really work? We asked Wellness Formulation Expert, Dr. Anke Ginzburg for her opinion on three of the most popular diets of today.
The 5:2 diet allows you to eat normally for five days a week (sticking to 2000-2400 calories a day) and then for two non-consecutive days, dieters “fast” by limiting themselves to 500-600 calories.
As far as fad-diets go, the 5:2 is a relatively sensible and sustainable option. It’s simple maths really: eating fewer calories will help you lose weight. As two days of planned lower calorie intake is psychologically manageable, followers of the 5:2 diet tend not to overeat on the five non-fasting days.”
The Dukan diet book sold over eight million copies worldwide and picked up a few famous fans along the way. It’s a prescriptive diet plan whereby carbohydrates are omitted in favour of fats and protein.
"High-protein and high-fat diets tend to make you feel full, meaning you consume less calories overall. By excluding carbohydrates, dieters may experience a rapid initial weight loss because body water that is normally bound to carbohydrates is lost. As a consequence, the Dukan diet may help with short-term weight loss, but its long-term effects are controversial. The body needs a balanced diet to function properly, which means a combination of complex carbohydrates, fats and proteins as well as vitamins and minerals. I personally do not recommend the Dukan diet as a long-term lifestyle improving measure.” 
The Paleo diet is all about eating like our Stone Age ancestors. Dieters eat as naturally as possible: grass-fed meats, fruit and vegetables and whole foods such as nuts and seeds are all on the menu. In short, if you can’t hunt or forage it, you can’t eat it. 
“The Paleo diet is a sensible approach to a healthy lifestyle. When followed correctly, the Paleo diet provides all the micronutrients and macronutrients that the human system needs in order to function optimally and healthily. If you do follow it, I recommend sourcing organic foods for optimum health results.”
Expert Advice: 5 Tips for Long-Term Weight Loss
Every morning set yourself an achievable goal for the day: “Today I will…eat a balanced meal at each mealtime. Exercise for 30 minutes. Drinkmore water. Eat healthy snacks.“ At the end of the day acknowledge your achievements. “I have been good today because…”
Take one day at a time. Don’t look at weight-loss as a mountain to climb, instead see every day as taking you one step closer to your new, healthy lifestyle.
If you slip-up, don’t fall into the all-or-nothing trap of “Oh well, I ate a piece of chocolate, now I can eat the whole bar.” Learn to accept that you may occasionally give in, but that the overall change is a positive one.
Believe in yourself. The sum of many small changes over a prolonged period of time is far more beneficial than a radical change over a short one.  
Follow a diet plan or roadmap. Clear and easy-to-follow guidelines will help you reach your weight loss goals in a healthy and sustainable way.
The beauty industry is a jungle where the survival of the well read applies. Do your homework, get to know the skin you are in and find your perfect skin care match! We will help you sort out what is true or false, burst the myth bubbles and guide you where to put your effort (and money!).
#1 YOU CAN INFLUENCE 80% OF YOUR SKIN AGEING 
FACT! Of course we inherit certain skin characteristics genetically but as much as 80% of skin ageing is actually down to lifestyle and environmental factors like UV radiation, pollution, smoking.
The moral? Take good care of your skin by following a Skin Care Routine morning and evening and you can write your own skin story! 
#2 DRINK LOTS OF WATER FOR BEAUTIFUL SKIN 
MYTH! Of course you should drink plenty of water for your overall health and wellbeing but as far as your skin goes, if you need extra skin hydration it has to be applied topically through skin care products. The only time you might see a difference in your skin from drinking water is if your body was really dehydrated to begin with.
The moral? Use serum and moisturiser morning and evening to make sure your skin gets plenty of hydration. 
#3 YOU CAN SHRINK ENLARGED PORES 
MYTH! Enlarged pores can be genetic, or be caused by an accumulation of excess oil or impurities clogging them, which makes them stretch. Deeply cleaning and purifying the pores will make them appear smaller. Just like the rest of your skin, the ability of stretched pores to bounce back diminishes with age so pores can look larger the older you get.
The moral? Cleanse and tone morning and evening to keep your pores clean and clear. 
#4 AGE IS IRRELEVANT IN ANTI-AGEING SKIN CARE 
FACT! Everyone's skin is unique! Skin ageing signs appear at different times depending on your ethnicity, genetics, environmental factors and lifestyle choices. So while age can be used as a useful reference point you should try and choose your anti-ageing skin care based on your ageing signs. 
#5MOISTURISERS MAKE OILY SKIN OILIER 
MYTH! All skin needs to be moisturised! Oily skin can still be dry or dehydrated - imbalance of oil and moisture. Choose skin care that addresses this imbalance, delivering deep hydration and helping to eliminate excess oil. The moral? Use skin care suited for your skin type and need.
Are you in the process of selecting a skin care brand or just want more information about NovAge? Then get your questions answered by our Senior Director of Science of Innovation, Dr Alain Mavon.
IS NOVAGE RELEVANT FOR ALL SKIN TYPES? 
Yes, NovAge is relevant for all skin types. 
HOW DO I DETERMINE WHICH NOVAGE RANGE IS BEST FOR MY SKIN? 
Your age gives you an indication, but it is more important to identify your main skin concerns and choose a range that targets them. 
WHICH SPECIFIC SIGNS OF SKIN AGEING DOES THE NOVAGE SKIN CARE SYSTEM TARGET? 
You can continue to use your existing products, but we recommend switching to NovAge as it is designed to be most effective when using the set of six products, following the Youth Enhancing Skin Care Routine. 
CAN I CONTINUE TO USE MY OTHER ORIFLAME PRODUCTS TOGETHER WITH NOVAGE OR SHOULD I SWITCH COMPLETELY? 
The NovAge skin care system targets the 12 skin-ageing signs that matter most – that is the signs that directly correlate to a negative age perception. 
WHAT IS A CLINICAL STUDY AND WHAT DOES CLINICALLY PROVEN MEAN? 
A clinical study involves volunteers testing a product for a given period of time. The benefits brought by the product are objectively measured using various technical methods. 
Clinically proven means that the claims to substantiate the benefits of the product are coming from a clinical test with objective measurements. Such clinical proof is a guarantee for the consumer that the product is really efficient. 
NOVAGE IS DESCRIBED AS BEING POWERED BY NATURAL INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN AND WHY IS IT INNOVATIVE? 
NovAge is powered either by natural plant technologies or nature-inspired technologies. Innovative means that these technologies are the result of ground-breaking research. 
WHAT ARE PLAN STEM CELLS? 
Plant stem cells are bio-technology used to produce natural extracts in a very sustainable manner, in a highly concentrated form. Depending on the original plant, they can possess various anti-ageing activities.
Do you have questions about Ultimate Lift? Then check out this FAQ answered by our Senior Director of Science of Innovation, Dr Alain Mavon. It’s sure to give you answers!
WHAT MAKES ULTIMATE LIFT SO UNIQUE? 
Novage Ultimate Lift is unique because of Oriflame’s patented technology, AspartoLift, delivering 70% skin bounce in 12 weeks. 
WHAT IS A PATENTED TECHNOLOGY? 
A patented technology is a way to protect the uniqueness of a discovery against others copying it. Patents often add value to a discovery, proving it is a true innovation. 
WHAT IS ASPARTOLIFT AND HOW DOES IT WORK? 
AspartoLift, is a cosmetic active ingredient, named Acetyl aspartic acid. AspartoLift acts on the skin’s dermal layer. It rejuvenates the fibroblasts by reducing their cellular rigidity, which is known to increase with age. It also stimulates the production of elastic fibers that also decrease as we age. 
Fibroblasts are the cells of the dermis. They are responsible for the production of collagen and elastin, which help give the skin its unique mechanical properties of elasticity and resistance. 
Elastin is one of the most important elastic fibers in the dermis and helps give skin its elastic properties. 
Collagen is the main structural protein in the dermis and helps give skin its strength. 
HOW DOES ASPARTOLIFT DIFFER FROM RETINOL? 
Retinol is an efficient active ingredient. But it’s also known to be an irritant and sometimes creates intolerance to creams containing retinol. AspartoLift is as active as retinol – even more so I would say – while being highly tolerated by the skin. 
IS THE ASPARTOLIFT TECHNOLOGY EXCLUSIVE TO ULTIMATE LIFT? 
Yes, AspartoLift is an Oriflame patented technology and is exclusive to Oriflame and Ultimate lift. 
WHICH SKIN CONCERNS DOES ULTIMATE LIFT TARGET? 
The main claim for Ultimate Lift is to give back your skin’s bounce, with a firming and lifting effect. But it also delivers great anti-wrinkle benefits, thanks to plant stem cell technologies. 
Sagging skin is a loss of skin elasticity (we lose about 1% each year) combined with the effect of gravity. It appears in your 40s. 
WHAT CAN I EXPECT FROM REGULAR USE OF ULTIMATE LIFT? 
The clinical test demonstrated an increase in the skin’s bounce by 70% within 12 weeks, as well as significant wrinkle reduction. Ultimately, you can expect firmer, lifted and younger-looking skin. 
HOW QUICKLY CAN I EXPECT TO SEE RESULTS? 
You’ll experience great moisturising effects straight away. Then you’ll see more benefits after four weeks and enjoy the full effects after 12 weeks. 
CAN I CONTINUE TO USE MY OTHER ORIFLAME PRODUCTS OR IS IT BEST TO SWITCH? 
You can continue to use your existing products. But we recommend switching to NovAge Ultimate Lift, as it’s designed to be the most effective when following the Youth Enhancing Skin Care Routine.
It is not only your skin condition that matters in the search for that perfect skin care regime; your skin type matters as well. We asked our Skin Research Director Susanne Fabre to answer 6 of the most common questions regarding skin types.
Why is it important to choose skin care products based on skin type? 
Preferentially you should always choose skin care that matches both your specific needs and skin type – no matter your age, gender or ethnicity. For example, if you have dry skin you need to have a richer formula to strengthen the skin barrier that easily gets disrupted as your skin gets dry. If you tend to have oily skin you will need a lighter texture to avoid shine and further clogging of pores that may cause acne and blemishes. 
What different skin types are there? 
Usually we talk about dry skin, sensitive skin, normal skin and oily skin. But all complexions are unique and there are of course combinations and intermediates. 
Does my skin type change over time? 
Your skin type and conditions may change over time and over season due to hormonal changes and extrinsic (external) factors such as pollution and lifestyle (diet, stress etc.) and climate changes. Therefore, it could be relevant to adapt your products from time to time to meet these changed needs. For example, to choose a richer moisturizing cream in winter time when the air is dryer, or adding extra UV protection during the summer. 
Is a certain step in our routines more important for specific skin types? 
No, we would say that a good skin care routine is important for all skin types. This includes cleansing, rehydration, daily protection, together with skin rejuvenation and soothing night treatments. It is also important to include serums targeting specific ageing needs. However, the formulas should be adapted to meet the needs of the different skin types. 
Can I mix products for different skin types? 
We recommend adapting the routine to your individual needs, and it is fine to add on or exchange products if you during some periods have dryer or more oily skin.
Hyperpigmentation, uneven skin tone, sun spots, age spots – there are many ways to describe the dark spots on your skin. But how do you address them? We consulted our Skin Care Expert Melina Galeadi to find out!
Dark spots are caused by irregular melanin production in the skin. The spots range from light brown to black, and have the same texture as the rest of your skin. They are painless and usually show up on sun-exposed areas of the skin. 
HOW DO DARK SPOTS DEVELOP? 
Melanin, which is a pigment found in your skin is the body’s natural way of protecting itself against UV radiation. When exposed to sun light, melanocytes in the lower layer of the epidermis, produce melanin and releases it through branch-like cells called dendrites, to the upper layer of the skin. Melanin absorbs the sunlight and prevents the UV radiation from reaching further into the skin. When the skin is no longer exposed to sunlight, the melanin retracts. 
Every time this mechanism is activated, a small trace is left behind, and over time these traces accumulate and create a spot. It is like writing with a pencil on a piece of paper, erasing, and doing this over and over again. It will eventually leave a mark behind. 
Additionally, this mechanism becomes less effective with time, which also adds to the accumulation of melanin in one area. There is also a cumulative effect, so damage done in our teens, will catch up with us later in life! 
There are different reasons responsible for triggering this process. The most evident culprit is sun exposure. But hormonal imbalance, such as the one experienced during a pregnancy, can also trigger this process. Additionally, different people have a higher or lower melanin synthesis, so the effect will differ from person to person. 
WHAT CAN I DO TO PREVENT OR REDUCE DARK SPOTS? 
The most effective way to prevent discolouration is reducing sun exposure. Over time, extensive sun exposure will result in uneven skin tone and accelerate skin ageing. Therefore, it is crucial to use SPF - especially in sun drenched areas where it is recommended for year round use. 
Exfoliation with a product that contains BHA or AHA acids, can also help improve how the skin looks and give a more even skin tone, as it promotes skin cell turnover and removes dead skin cells.
ARE THERE ANY SKIN CARE PRODUCTS THAT CAN HELP? 
For UV protection I recommend Sun Zone Anti-ageing UV Protector Face and Exposed Areas SPF 25 Medium. It provides the highest level of UVA protection to shield against harmful rays and skin ageing. It also protects the skin from some of the negative effects of the environment and is intensely moisturising. 
HOW CAN YOU PREVENT DARK SPOTS FROM OCCURRING IN THE FUTURE? 
Avoiding sun exposure, using skin care products that correct skin tone, and exfoliating twice a week will all contribute to a more even skin tone. Invest in high quality products that will treat the concern and look after your skin. 
If you live in a sunny place, apart from your SPF, also wear a hat and sunglasses when you are outside. Also, don’t underestimate sitting in an office close to the windows or a cloudy day: you can still get exposed to UV radiation!
No matter what skin type you have, it will get dry on occasion. But that doesn’t mean that all skin types need the same solution to get back to tip-top shape. So, we asked our Skin Care Expert Melina Galeadi to share her best advice. Here they are!
Sensitive skin is easily affected, and can react to environmental changes or specific ingredients. This may result in skin flushing and redness. Those with sensitive skin usually experience an uneven texture with dry patches or an overall tightness. 
Hydration levels in sensitive skin 
The top layer of the skin acts as a natural barrier, protecting from outer influences and helping to maintain sufficient moisture levels. In people with sensitive skin, this barrier tends to be thinner and unbalanced, which is a reason for less protection against moisture loss. Less protection also leaves the skin more vulnerable to outer elements. The skin barrier can also become less effective with age, which can further contribute to skin dryness. 
Oily skin is caused by an overproduction of sebum and excess oil, which usually create a shiny surface. Furthermore, those with oily skin often experience enlarged pores, blackheads and breakouts around the forehead, nose and chin area (T-zone). 
Hydration levels in oily skin 
Oiliness is a sign of unbalanced skin, and a result of excess sebum and oil production. A common mistake is to over-wash to get rid of the oil. However, this can have the immediate effect of drying out the skin and triggering further excess oil production. To get out of this vicious circle, adding products with balancing and moisturising properties is the correct way to go.
Dry skin usually equals a dull complexion prone to redness with small pores and visible lines. Those with dry skin could also experience an overall tightness or tension in specific areas. 
Hydration levels in dry skin 
The dryness of the skin depends a lot on the ability of the skin’s outer layer, Epidermis, to maintain stable moisture levels. This is often affected by age or climate. The production of sebum decreases as we get older, which can lead to increased water loss from the skin. Also, colder climates and temperature drops during winter makes the air dryer, and as a result the skin becomes drier as well.
Combination skin can be tricky to identify and deal with, as it features two or more skin types at once. Normally those with combination skin experience excess oil on the chin, forehead and nose area – around the T zone. Cheeks and other areas are usually dry to normal. 
Hydration levels in combination skin 
Combination skin may experience unusual dryness at certain times of the year due to weather changes. The production of sebum often increases in warmer climates and decrease in colder temperatures. Hormonal changes can have major impact as well. It is important to keep balance, and not try to fight an oily T-zone by neglecting to complete your daily skin hydration routine.
We’re sure you’ve heard about the importance of sunscreen, but how does it all relate to ultra violets and SPF? And what do you really need to know about protecting your skin from the sun? We turned to our Senior Technology Chemist, Clara Le Berre at Formulation Technology in R&D to give us the facts so that we can all stay sun smart this season!
WHAT’S THE DEAL WITH UVA AND UVB? 
The sunlight that reaches us is made up of two harmful rays; short wave ultraviolet B (UVB) and long wave ultraviolet A (UVA). The UVB rays are mainly responsible for the sunburn and reddening while the UVA rays, which penetrates deeper into the skin, play a major part in the skin ageing. Therefore you need protection from both! Following European recommendation all sun care products have UVA and UVB protection. UVB rays have a different intensity depending on season, location and time of day. The peaking hours are usually between 10am to 4pm, but the sun reaches you even when you’re in the shade. UVA rays are present during all daylight hours and throughout the year and can also penetrate clouds and glass. Up to 90% of visible skin changes are the result of sun damage, so it is truly important to always wear sunscreen! Studies also show that adequate protection from UV radiation can lower the risk of skin cancer.
I FEEL LIKE A TAN MAKES ME LOOK GLOWY AND FRESH, DO I REALLY HAVE TO USE A HIGH SPF? 
SPF stands for Sun Protection Factor and the number of a specific sunscreen refers to its ability to deflect and absorb UVB rays. For the UVA Protection Factor (UVAPF) it equals at least one third of the SPF value and represented by a circled UVA logo. 80% of your skins ageing is lifestyle related, and sun is the biggest contributor to that number. A photo-aged skin (damaged by repeated exposure to UV radiation) will have a leathery saggy appearance, pigment disorders, less elasticity and moisturisation. So yes, protect your face and, don’t turn to the sun for that glow! 
SUNSCREEN VS VITAMIN D – CAN I HAVE BOTH? 
Yes you can! If you always make sure to be outside 15 minutes a day, you will get the daily recommended dosage of Vitamin D. So, don’t skip sunscreen for the benefit of Vitamin D - It doesn’t even have to be sunny for you to get the dose that you need, just being out in daylight counts! 
EU has one of the strictest regulations for sunscreen protectors in the world and Oriflame proudly follows those regulations and guidance for all our products. So, make sure to always protect your skin properly to keep it healthy – enjoy the sun and stay smart at the same time!
With the launch of Oriflame’s latest premium perfume range, Sublime Nature, we wanted to investigate what premium means and what it takes to create such fragrances. So, we sat down with the master perfumer Nathalie Lorson to learn more.
WHAT CRITERIA MUST A PERFUME FULFILL TO BE CONSIDERED PREMIUM? 
When designing a fragrance for a premium collection, I select the most refined, elegant and unique ingredients my perfumer palette offers me. 
WHAT DOES PREMIUM MEAN TO YOU? 
Premium means unique to me. I like to create for consumers looking for uniqueness. Beauty, harmony and quality are my guidelines when I design a unique signature. 
WHAT MAKES SUBLIME NATURE TUBEROSE AND TONKA BEAN PREMIUM? 
I crafted Sublime Nature Tuberose and Tonka Bean from sublime extractions of ethically harvested Tuberose from India and ethically harvested Tonka bean from Brazil. Also, I have put the ingredients at the center of the fragrance, making them shine. 
HOW DO YOU GO ABOUT DEVELOPING A PREMIUM SCENT? 
Once I’ve chosen the ingredient I want to work with, I make sure to choose the right quality. Then I play around with the scent – mixing it with other ingredients to help re-inforce and push the real characteristics of the first ingredient. For instance, it took about a year to find the perfect scent for Sublime Nature Tuberose. 
YOU SELECTED THE BEST, MOST ICONIC INGREDIENTS FOR THESE SCENTS. HOW DOES THE SELECTION PROCESS WORK? 
Tuberose is one of the most iconic ingredients in classic perfumery. It has always been explored as a single flower fragrance in highly selective perfumes presenting its opulent character. During a journey in Indian flowers fields, some years ago, I remember my emotion in discovering Tuberose’s pure vegetal freshness and delicacy. The new state of the art Sublime CO2 technology has now offered me the opportunity to re-create that scent. 
Tonka Bean is an Amazonian treasure that unveils its multiple gourmand facets with vanilla, almond, cinnamon and caramel tonalities. It has a deep, warm and intense character. It’s difficult to harvest and has delicious olfactive notes that make it one of the most beautiful ingredients of perfumery. The idea of designing a highly refined scent inspired by nature was a true novelty. 
WHEN CREATING THESE SCENTS, YOU AIMED FOR SMELLS THAT OCCURE AT SPECIAL MOMENTS IN TIME. WHICH MOMENTS? 
The pure and natural Indian Tuberose best expresses its distinctive fresh and dewy green floral note at dawn. Every day between May and December, women in saris carefully harvest the valuable white flowers, which will be used as garlands and for perfumery. This is the moment I wish to re-create – when the Tuberose is blooming at dawn and the petals are still a bit wet and dewy. 
For Tonka Bean, I chose the moment when the bean dries in the sun after the monsoon rains. This crystallization phenomenon gives the Tonka Bean its most opulent and intense scent. It has a warm and smoky smell, faceted with bright watery transparent notes. 
HOW WOULD YOU, A MASTER PERFUMER, DESCRIBE THE SCENTS OF SUBLIME NATURE TUBEROSE AND TONKA BEAN? 
Sublime Nature Tuberose is dewy and floral. It has a bouquet of fresh white flowers and a luminous top note. It’s full of character and has a natural feeling. This is the way it smells before it’s cut. 
Sublime Nature Tonka Bean is sensual, but also fresh. It has a watery feeling, at the same time it’s quite intense. Very feminine, caring and sophisticated.
Every day you’re exposed to environmental aggressors that affect your skin. But which are the most common ones? And how do you protect yourself from them? Keep reading to get the best tips from our Skin Care Expert Melina Galeadi!
The sun is one of the most well-known environmental dangers to the skin. It’s UV rays (the ultraviolet light) damage the elastin and collagen in your skin, leaving you with wrinkles and saggy skin. And, over exposure to these UV rays can lead to discolouration and brown spots – tell-tale signs of premature ageing. 
The Skin Care Expert’s tip: 
I cannot stress enough the importance of wearing SPF every day – even if it’s overcast, or cold, UV rays can penetrate the clouds and harm your skin. For day-to-day coverage look for a day cream that contains SPF 15 and above. If you want extra protection, (with the added bonus of reducing the appearance of dark spots!) I recommend Optimals Even Out Protecting Day Lotion that contains SPF 35. 
Pollution, like smog and gas emission, damage our bodies both topically, by directly affecting the skin, and internally as we breathe them in. Like UV rays, pollutants damage the skin, causing dryness and premature ageing. 
The Skin Care Expert’s tip: 
Pollution has a major effect on your skin. If you live in a city, it’s tough to avoid pollution all together, so I recommend adopting good skin care habits. Cleanse your skin day and night to remove makeup and the build-up of oil and dirt, and follow with products that have been formulated to address dryness and a loss of radiance. I recommend looking for the Anti-Pollution Active that’s in a number of our Optimals Age Revive and Even Out products. This active has been formulated to act as a protective shield over the skin to combat environmental aggressors like pollution. 
This will hardly come as a surprise, but cigarette smoke is terrible for your skin. And you don’t even have to smoke to be affected. Second-hand smoking is equally damaging! Like other environmental aggressors, smoke will lead to early ageing and more wrinkles. It will also make your skin lose its glow and leave it dull and grey. 
The Skin Care Expert’s tip: 
All I can say is don’t smoke! 
To combat temperature changes, most of us use radiators and air conditioners to reach a comfortable climate. Unfortunately, this affects our skin in a negative way. Heated air decreases the humidity, which dries out your skin. The same goes for cool air, which can leave your skin irritated and flaky. 
The Skin Care Expert’s tip: 
Here I recommend creating good skin care habits. Following a simple daily skin care routine, morning and night, can address concerns about lack of moisture, radiance and fine lines. An uncomplicated – but still effective - skin care routine consists of cleansing the skin, and then following with an eye cream to add moisture to this delicate area. You’ll then want to apply a hydrating facial serum, before completing your routine with a moisturising lotion or day/night cream.
Since the start, 50 years ago, we have been looking to Swedish nature for inspiration. With the re-launch of Optimals, we’re introducing a new anti-ageing range: Age Revive. It targets multiple signs of ageing with unique natural Swedish ingredients blends. Do you want to learn more? Check out this interview with our Skin Care Expert, Melina Galeadi.
WHY DID WE INCLUDE NATURAL SWEDISH INGREDIENTS BLENDS IN OPTIMALS? 
Creating products that are inspired, as well as respectful, of nature is part of our heritage. Throughout the decades we have gathered in-depth knowledge of natural ingredients and their benefits – it made sense then, to turn to Swedish nature for inspiration when creating our new Optimals ranges. Each extract has been uniquely blended by Oriflame scientists to offer a tailored solution to a specific skin need. 
WHAT IS IT ABOUT SWEDISH INGREDIENTS THAT INSPIRED YOU? 
Some of the world's most resilient plants are found in Sweden. Tested by an often harsh Northern climate, they can endure yearly temperature changes ranging from -20°C to +30°C. These conditions are extreme for flora. To survive sub-zero temperatures, plants must be able to preserve nutrients. This results in plants with rich concentrations of antioxidants, vitamins and essential oils – components known to be found in the extracts that we have chosen. 
TELL US MORE ABOUT THE INGREDIENTS! 
In addition to other staple ingredients found in skin care products, the Age Revive range combines 11 natural ingredients that can be found in Swedish nature: Silver Birch, Redcurrant, Sea Buckthorn, Linseed Oil, Blackberry, Horse Chestnut, Blackcurrant, Raspberry, Juniper, Oats and Red Clover. These ingredients were uniquely combined to create individual blends for each product within the Age Revive range; all chosen to help you achieve beautiful, younger-looking skin. Some have nourishing and hydrating properties that help care for the skin and others help improve key signs of ageing like fine lines, dark spots and dullness. 
TELL US MORE ABOUT THE AGE REVIVE PRODUCTS! 
Well, the purpose of Age Revive is to offer people a simple, yet effective all-in-one solution for their anti-ageing needs. That meant creating one range that targets multiple signs of ageing. To be able to do so, we had to make sure each of Age Revive’s effective formulas addressed specific skin concerns. This is why a full routine, including all products in the range, is so important. 
The cleanser and toner remove built-up impurities in the evening and dead skin cells in the morning. 
The eye cream helps boost micro-circulation to minimise dark circles and target fine lines. 
The Serum provides the first level of hydration. It includes Hyaluronic Acid, which helps to capture water and is naturally found in the body. 
The day cream has a firming active that targets fine lines and wrinkles, plus an anti-pollution active that helps to protect the skin throughout the day. 
The night cream nourishes, replenishes and restores the skin during the night.
Sustainability has always been important to us. Finding inspiration in nature and respecting the environment are key to our philosophy. So, we asked our Sustainability Advisor, Dr. Natasha Williams O’Hanlon, to tell us more about the three ways Love Nature more environmentally responsible, and helps our oceans.
With our new Love Nature range we are demonstrating our respect for nature, and water in particular, by lowering the environmental impact of our rinse off products. And the first improvement we have made is to make all new Love Nature rinse off formulations Biodegradable. This means that they will break down naturally and not impact the aquatic environment negatively. 
NATURAL-ORIGIN SCRUB BEADS 
We use only natural-origin scrub beads including silica, strawberry seed and almond shell in our new Love Nature exfoliating products. These are either mineral based and return to where they came from, or plant based and will break down naturally. 
While Silicone can add smoothness to hair, they are synthetic and hard for the environment to break down. Additionally, silicones can build up in concentration over time, potentially ending up in the human food chain. Therefore, we made the decision to make all Love Nature hair care products Silicone-free.
